Leica Biosystems Imaging, Inc. Christine Kishi   
Sr. RA Specialist   
1360 Park Center Dr.   
Vista, CA 92081

Re: K190332 Trade/Device Name: Aperio AT2 DX System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSY Dated: February 13, 2019 Received: February 14, 2019

Dear Christine Kishi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate device marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Yun-Fu Hu, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Aperio AT2 DX System

Indications for Use (Describe)

Th AperiT2 DX System utae digital slidecreati nd viwi ystem.The AperAT2 DX Sy preanip FPeThepeTX yst oe with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

The Aperio AT2 DX System is composed of the Aperio AT2 DX scanner, the ImageScope DX review application and Display.TheAperTDX Systems r ceain anviewi  digialage e glass slies thatl using the Aperio AT2 DX System.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary Aperio AT2 DX System

# I. Submitter

Leica Biosystems Imaging, Inc 1360 Park Center Dr. Vista, CA 92081

# II. Contact Person

Christine Kishi   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
1360 Park Center Dr.   
Vista, CA 92081   
christine.kishi@leicabiosystems.com Phone: (760) 539-1194   
Fax: (760) 539-1116

# III. Device

Proprietary Name of the Device: Aperio AT2 DX System   
Classification Name: Whole Slide Imaging System   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR Part 864.3700   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product code: PSY

# IV. Predicate Device

Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) DEN160056

# V. Device Description

Clearance of this premarket application will enable the Aperio AT2 DX System comprised of a scanner and a viewing station for the primary diagnosis of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue.

# System:

The Aperio AT2 DX System is an automated digital slide creation and viewing system. The system is comprised of an Aperio AT2 DX scanner instrument and a Viewing Workstation with a computer and a calibrated monitor executing ImageScope DX viewer software. The system capabilities include digitizing microscope slides at diagnostic resolution, retrieving and displaying digital slides, including support for remote intra-net access over computer networks, providing tools for annotating digital slides, entering data associated with digital slides and displaying the scanned slide images for primary diagnoses by Pathologists.

# Image Acquisition:

The Aperio AT2 DX has a 400 glass slides capacity via an autoloader. High numeric aperture $2 0 \mathrm { x }$ objective, as found on conventional microscopes, is used to produce high-quality images. The Aperio AT2 DX digital slide scanner employs a linear-array scanning technique that generates images and accounts for merging scan stripes along the scanning axis. The result is seamless digital slide images.

The image acquisition software components include Console DX and Controller DX. The Console DX application is a user-interface for the operator. It allows users to initiate scanning and select appropriate slide areas to scan. The Controller DX application is a software subsystem that runs on the Aperio AT2 DX scanner Control PC.

# Image Viewing:

The remote image viewing capabilities of the ImageScope DX software subsystem supports reading digital slides on a calibrated monitor, enabling Pathologists to make clinically relevant decisions analogous to those they make using a conventional microscope. ImageScope DX includes support for locally or intranet connected image Viewing Workstation computers, which run digital slide viewing. The software includes elements to support data confidentiality and integrity.

# VI. Intended Use

The Aperio AT2 DX System is an automated digital slide creation and viewing system. The Aperio AT2 DX System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpret digital images of surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. The Aperio AT2 DX System is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or nonFFPE hematopathology specimens.

The Aperio AT2 DX System is composed of the Aperio AT2 DX scanner, the ImageScope DX review application and Display. The Aperio AT2 DX System is for creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slides that would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization by conventional light microscopy. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the validity of the interpretation of images obtained using the Aperio AT2 DX System.

# VII. Comparison of technological characteristics with the predicate device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DevicePhilips IntelliSite Pathology Solution(PIPS) (DEN160056)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAperio AT2 DX System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Philips IntelliSite PathologySolution (PIPS) is an automated digitalslide creation, viewing, andmanagement system. The PIPS isintended for in vitro diagnostic use asan aid to the pathologist to review andinterpret digital images of surgicalpathology slides prepared fromformalin-fixed paraffin embedded(FFPE) tissue. The PIPS is notintended for use with frozen section,cytology, or non-FFPEhematopathology specimens.The PIPS comprises the ImageManagement System (IMS), the UltraFast Scanner (UFS) and Display. ThePIPS is for creation and viewing ofdigital images of scanned glass slidesthat would otherwise be appropriatefor manual visualization byconventional light microscopy. It is theresponsibility of a qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Aperio AT2 DX System is anautomated digital slide creationand viewing system. The AperioAT2 DX System is intended for invitro diagnostic use as an aid tothe pathologist to review andinterpret digital images of surgicalpathology slides prepared fromformalin-fixed paraffin embedded(FFPE) tissue. The Aperio AT2DX System is not intended for usewith frozen section, cytology, ornon-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens.The Aperio AT2 DX System iscomposed of the Aperio AT2 DXscanner, the ImageScope DXreview application and Display.The Aperio AT2 DX System is for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pathologist to employ appropriateprocedures and safeguards to assurethe validity of the interpretation ofimages obtained using PIPS.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">creation and viewing of digitalimages of scanned glass slides thatwould otherwise be appropriatefor manual visualization byconventional light microscopy. Itis the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employ appropriateprocedures and safeguards toassure the validity of theinterpretation of images obtainedusing the Aperio AT2 DX System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimentype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology slides prearpedfrom formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofoperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The technician loads the slides into theWSI scanner. The scanner scans theslides and generates WSI image foreach slide. The technician performsQuality Control (QC) on scanned WSIimages and rescan the slide when QCis failed. The acquired WSI images arestored in an end user provided imagestorage attached to the local network.During review, the pathologist opensWSI images acquired with the WSIscanner from the image storage,performs further QC and reads WSIimages of the slides to make adiagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WSI scanner (PIPS Ultra FastScanner), Image Management Systemand color monitor display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same (Aperio AT2 DX scanner,ImageScope DX application, andcolor monitor display)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Slide ImagingScanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aperio AT2 DX scannerwith loading capacity of400 slides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ultra Fast Scanner withloading capacity of 300slides</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Graphical User Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImageScope DX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image ManagementSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitor Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dell MR2416 monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PS27QHDCR</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Performance Data

The performance testing was conducted via a series of studies that included Accuracy, Intra-System, Inter-System/Site, Within-Pathologist and Between-Pathologist precision.

The accuracy was evaluated by analyzing the concordance of the diagnoses made using the Aperio AT2 DX System (also known as WSIR diagnosis) with the gold standard reference diagnoses (the original sign-out pathologic diagnosis), and the concordance of traditional light microscope slide review (MSR) diagnoses with the gold standard reference diagnoses. Accuracy was assessed by analyzing major discrepancy rates for each study modality versus the gold standard reference diagnosis and calculating the difference between the major discrepancy rates for WSIR diagnosis and MSR diagnosis. Major discrepancy was defined as a difference in diagnoses that resulted in a clinically important difference in patient management.

The acceptance criteria were as follows:

The upper bound of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ CI of the difference between the overall major discrepancy rates of WSIR diagnoses and MSR diagnoses is $\leq 4 \%$ .   
The upper bound of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ CI of the overall major discrepancy rate of the WSIR diagnoses is $\leq 7 \%$ .

The precision of the Aperio AT2 DX System was evaluated in 3 studies.

• For the Intra-System Precision study, the objective was to assess precision within each of three independent systems, and overall within system precision.   
• For the Inter-System/Site Precision study, the objective was to assess precision between systems/sites (three independent systems at three different sites) and overall between system/site precision.   
• For the Within- and Between-Pathologist Precision study, the objective was to assess precision within and between pathologists (using images generated from a single system), overall within pathologist precision, and overall between pathologist precision.

The Precision was considered acceptable if the lower bounds of the 2-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CIs) of the overall agreements for each precision component (e.g. intra-system, inter-system/site) were $\ge 8 5 \%$ .

Table 1. Intra-System Study: Agreement Within Systems   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofPairwiseAgreements</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofComparisonPairs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement Rate and 95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td></tr></table>

$^ * \mathrm { A }$ bootstrap approach was used to calculate $9 5 \%$ CIs with the following exception. When the agreement estimate was $1 0 0 \%$ , the Arcsine (variance stabilizing transformation) approach that corrected for the continuity was used to calculate CIs (Pires and Amado, 2008).

Table 2. Inter-System/Site Study: Agreement Between Systems   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofPairwiseAgreements</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofComparisonPairs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement Rate and 95%CI*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System 1 vs System 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System 1 vs System 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System 2 vs System 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td></tr></table>

$^ * \mathrm { A }$ bootstrap approach was used to calculate $9 5 \%$ CIs.

Table 3. Within/Between -Pathologist Study: Agreement Within Pathologists   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pathologist</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofPairwiseAgreements</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofComparisonPairs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement Rate and 95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathologist 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1818</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%</td></tr></table>

\*A bootstrap approach was used to calculate $9 5 \%$ CIs.

Table 4. Within- and Between-Pathologist Study: Agreement Between Pathologists   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PathologistComparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofPairwiseAgreements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofComparisonPairs</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Agreement Rate and 95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Upper</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathologist 1 vsPathologist 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">572</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathologist 1 vsPathologist 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">562</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathologist 2 vsPathologist 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">579</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1713</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1818</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.4%</td></tr></table>

$^ * \mathrm { A }$ bootstrap approach was used to calculate $9 5 \%$ CIs.

Table 5. Overall Major Discrepancy Rates for the WSIR and MSR Modalities and the Difference Between the Overall Major Discrepancy Rates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>WSIRD MajorDiscrepancy*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>MSRD MajorDiscrepancy*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Difference in MajorDiscrepancy Rates(WSIRD minusMSRD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalReads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalReads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7509</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7522</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(3.21,4.12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2.80,3.65)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-0.15%, 1.03%)</td></tr></table>

MSRD $=$ MSR diagnosis, WSIRD $=$ WSIR diagnosis

# IX. Conclusions

The clinical study results demonstrate that AT2 DX System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.