Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V. Liselotte Kornmann   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Veenpluis 6   
Best, Noord-Brabant 5684PC   
Netherlands

Re: K203845 Trade/Device Name: Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole Slide Imaging System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSY Dated: December 24, 2020 Received: December 31, 2020

Dear Liselotte Kornmann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Soma Ghosh -S

Soma Ghosh, Ph.D.   
Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K203845

Device Name Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) is an automated digital slide creation, viewing, and management system. The PIPS is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpret digital images of surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. The PIPS is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

The PIPS comprises the Image Management System (IMS), the Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS) and Display. The PIPS is for creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slides that would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization by conventional light microscopy. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the validity of the interpretation of images obtained using PIPS.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance with 21 CFR §807.92.

Preparation date: December 24, 2020

# Company identification

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.   
Veenpluis 6   
5684PC, Best   
The Netherlands   
Establishment registration number: 3012563754

# Contact person

Name: Liselotte Kornmann (primary) Title: Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist Digital and Computational Pathology Telephone: +31611621238 Email: liselotte.kornmann@philips.com

Name: Monique Greijmans (secondary) Title: Head of Regulatory Affairs Digital and Computational Pathology Telephone: +31621929674 Email: monique.postema@philips.com

# Device

Device Trade Name: Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution   
Device Class: Class II   
Product Code: PSY   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR, Part 864.3700   
Classification Name: Whole Slide Imaging System   
Classification Panel: Pathology

# Predicate device

Device Trade Name: Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution 510(k) Number: K192259 (September 20, 2019)

# Device description

Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) is an automated digital slide creation, viewing, and management system. PIPS consists of two subsystems and a display component:

Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS) • Image Management System (IMS) Display

# Intended use / Indications for use

The Intended Use $/$ Indications for Use of the subject device is unchanged compared to the predicate device:

The Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) is an automated digital slide creation, viewing, and management system. The PIPS is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpret digital images of surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. The PIPS is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

The PIPS comprises the Image Management System (IMS), the Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS) and display. The PIPS is for creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slides that would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization by conventional light microscopy. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the validity of the interpretation of images obtained using PIPS.

# Summary of technological characteristics

The subject device employs the same technological characteristics compared to the currently marketed predicate device, with exception of the following modification implemented in the IMS of the subject device: Introduction of client side rendering.

The table below provides a comparison of the technological characteristics between the subject device and the predicate device as per FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff entitled, “Technical Performance Assessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Devices”, dated April 20, 2016. Other items from this Technical Performance Assessment (TPA) guidance are not impacted by the client side rendering change and remain identical to the predicate device.

Comparison of the technological characteristics with predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device(K192259)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image Review andManipulationSoftware -ComputerEnvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Most image processing logic (e.g.decompression, sharpening andcontrast enhancement) areperformed on the server side.The programming language is C#.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To reduce the network bandwidthrequirements and improvescalability an option is added(configurable by a Philips serviceengineer) that moves the imageprocessing logic (i.e.</td></tr></table>

Comparison of the technological characteristics with predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device(K192259)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>decompression, sharpening andcontrast enhancement) from theserver side to the client side.The programming language isJavaScript.</td></tr></table>

# Substantial equivalence comparison

The differences between the subject and the predicate device does not raise any new questions regarding safety or effectiveness. Based on the information provided above, the subject PIPS is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device (K192259) in terms of technological characteristics.

# Summary of non-clinical performance data

Verification testing activities have been performed to support the substantial equivalence determination for the modified IMS containing the client side rendering change, which covered:

• A pixel comparison test to determine pixel equivalence.   
Testing of requirements, risk control measures, integration and regression.

The subject device with the modified IMS subsystem did not require non-clinical validation data to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the currently marketed predicate device, as image quality was not impacted by the introduced change.

# Conclusion:

The verification executed for the modified IMS of the subject PIPS meets all product requirements and demonstrated pixel equivalence for client side rendering. The technological change identified for the IMS did not impact the safety and effectiveness of the product. Therefore, the subject PIPS, with modified IMS subsystem, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety and effectiveness.

# Summary of clinical performance data

The subject device with the modified IMS subsystem did not require clinical performance data to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the currently marketed predicate device, as image quality was not impacted by the introduced change.

# Conclusions

The subject PIPS is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of Intended Use / Indications for Use, technological characteristics, and safety and effectiveness.

Non-clinical performance tests ensured that the modification is properly introduced and the device conforms to its intended use, users and use environment. These tests were used to support substantial equivalence of the subject device, and demonstrated that it is as safe and effective as its predicate device without raising any new safety and/or effectiveness concerns.