PathAI, Inc   
Katy Wack   
VP, Clinical Development & Regulatory Affairs PathAI, Inc.   
1325 Boylston Street   
Suite 10000,   
Boston, MA 02215

Re: K212361 Trade/Device Name: Novo Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ

Dear Katy Wack:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated August 11, 2022. Specifically, FDA is updating this SE letter for errors in the applicant and the correspondent name as an administrative correction.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact Shyam Kalavar, OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics, Phone: 301-796-6807, Email: shyam.kalavar@fda.hhs.gov.

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics   
and Pathology 2   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health PathAI, LLC   
Katy Wack, Ph.D.   
VP, Clinical Development & Regulatory Affairs 120 Brookline Avenue   
Boston, Massachusetts 02215

Re: K212361 Trade/Device Name: Novo Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole Slide Imaging System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ Dated: July 28, 2021 Received: July 30, 2021

Dear Katy Wack:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Shyam Kalavar -S 2022.08.11 16:53:55 -04'00'

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology 2   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Novo

Indications for Use (Describe)

Notur p andmaneialage theirpriarosisov otene ouse wioz , cytology, or non- FFPE hematopathology specimens.

I thn wy alohako No   ith hilUF Snd h BarcH i .

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Tburn ocolletiooationatveror psl time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary Novo

Date Prepared: August 11, 2022

# Submitter

PathAI, Inc.   
1325 Boylston Street Suite 10000 Boston, MA 02215

# Contact Person

Katy Wack Phone: (617) 500-8457

# DEVICE

Proprietary Name:   
Common Name:   
Classification Name:   
Regulation Section:   
Regulatory Classification:   
Product Code:   
Review Panel:   
Novo   
The PathAI Novo Viewer   
Whole Slide Imaging System   
21 CFR 864.3700   
Class II   
QKQ   
88 - Pathology

# PREDICATE DEVICE

Proprietary Name: Submission Number:

Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) DEN160056

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The PathAI Novo device is a web-based software-only device that is intended to aid pathology professionals in the viewing, interpretation, and management of digital whole slide images (WSIs) of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue using the Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS).

The proposed device is typically operated as follows:

1. A user prepares and scans slides and reviews the slide quality in accordance with the PIPS UFS IFU and standard lab procedures. The Novo device workflow is initiated when a user uploads WSIs from the local file system to the cloud storage using Novo.

2. After uploading WSIs to cloud storage using Novo, a user builds a patient accession using the patient’s medical record number (MRN), date of birth (DOB) and accession ID to support linkage of one or more slides from a single procedure using patient identifiers in Novo.

3. A pathologist uses the slide viewer to perform their primary diagnosis workflow including zooming and panning images.

After viewing all images belonging to a particular accession, the pathologist will make a diagnosis.

# Novo operates with the following components:

Table 1: WSI scanner   

<table><tr><td>Manufacturer</td><td>Model</td></tr><tr><td>Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.</td><td>Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS)</td></tr></table>

Table 2: WSI displays   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barco N.V.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP27QHD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philips</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PS27QHDCR</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Computer environment/ System Requirements   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Details</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Computer System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RAM: 4.0 GBDisplay Calibration tool: MediCal QAWeb Agent for Philips and BarcoDisplays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barco (PP27QHD) or Philips (PS27QHDCR)Pixel resolution: 2560w x 1440hPanel type: Color LCDTechnology: IPS technology with a-Si Thin Film TransistorPhysical size: 648.5 mm x 423 mm x 91.3 mm (with backlight disc)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Web Browser</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Google Chrome 81.0 or later</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Network</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internet accessOutbound traffic enabled to port 44325 Mbps download and upload speed</td></tr></table>

# INDICATIONS FOR USE/INTENDED USE

Novo is a software only device intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret, and manage digital images of pathology slides for primary diagnosis. Novo is not intended for use with frozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. Novo is intended for use with the Philips Ultra Fast Scanner and the Barco PP27QHD or Philips PS27QHDCR display.

# COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

The following table summarizes the similarities and differences between the PathAI device and the predicate device, Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed PathAI Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device TradeName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution(PIPS) (DEN160056)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Novo</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Philips IntelliSite PathologySolution (PIPS) is an automated digitalslide creation, viewing, and managementsystem. The PIPS is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use as an aid to thepathologist to review and interpretdigital images of surgical pathologyslides prepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. ThePIPS is not intended for use with frozensection, cytology, or non-FFPEhematopathology specimens.The PIPS comprises the ImageManagement System (IMS), the UltraFast Scanner (UFS) and Display. ThePIPS is for creation and viewing ofdigital images of scanned glass slidesthat would otherwise be appropriate formanual visualization by conventionallight microscopy. It is the responsibilityof a qualified pathologist to employappropriate procedures and safeguards toassure the validity of the interpretationof images obtained using PIPS.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Novo is a software only device intendedfor viewing and management of digitalimages of scanned surgical pathologyslides prepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is anaid to the pathologist to review,interpret, and manage digital images ofpathology slides for primary diagnosis.Novo is not intended for use with frozensections, cytology, or non-FFPEhematopathology specimens.It is the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employ appropriateprocedures and safeguards to assure thequality of the images obtained and,where necessary, use conventional lightmicroscopy review when making adiagnostic decision. Novo is intended foruse with the Philips Ultra Fast Scanner andthe Barco PP27QHD or PhilipsPS27QHDCR display.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QKQ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology H&amp;E slides preparedfrom FFPE tissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image FileFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips UFS iSyntax File</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips UFS iSyntax File converted todevice specific image format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageManipulationFunctions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, color manipulationfunction, annotations, and measurements(distance &amp; area)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, notes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type ofSoftwareApplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internet Browser Based</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS), ImageManagement System (IMS), Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image viewing Software (Novo)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images are successfullyacquired by using PIPS UFS, the WSIimages are stored in IMS ApplicationServer &amp; Storage software that is notprovided as part of the PIPS, but may belocated in a central server room separatefrom the workstation with the IMSviewing software and Display. Duringreview, the pathologist opens WSI imagesfrom IMS Server &amp; Storage, performfurther QC and reads WSIimages of the slides to make a diagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images are successfullyacquired by using PIPS UFS, the WSIimages are stored in the cloud. Duringreview, the pathologist opens WSI imagesfrom storage (displayed as DZI images),performs further QC and reads WSIimages of the slides to make a diagnosis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images are stored in an end userprovided image storage (PIPS IMSApplication Server &amp; Storage) attachedto the local network</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images are stored in the cloud</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">End User'sInterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIPS Image Management System (IMS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Novo</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison

The proposed device has the same Indications for Use and similar Functional and Technological Characteristics to the predicate Image Management System (IMS) application software and is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# PERFORMANCE DATA

<table><tr><td>Performance data</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>Pixel-wise comparison</td><td>A pixel-wise comparison test was performed to compare images which were reproduced by Novo and the Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution Image Management System (PIPS/IMS) for the same iSyntax file to demonstrate identical image reproduction. Test results show that the color differences (∆Eoo) between Novo and PIPS/IMS are not zero. Further, testing was conducted to compare Novo-generated images with JPEG-compressed PIPS/IMS-generated images. Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">results show that the Novo-generated images aresimilar to PIPS/IMS-generated images that had beenJPEG-compressed at quality 95. Based on the findingsfrom bench testing, an additional clinical study wasperformed to establish the safety and effectiveness ofthe device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A clinical study was conducted to demonstrate thatviewing, reviewing, and diagnosing WSIs of H&amp;Estained FFPE tissue slides using Novo [manual digitalread (MD)] is non-inferior to glass slide reads usingoptical (light) microscopy [manual optical (MO)]. Theprimary endpoint of the study was the difference inmajor discordance rates between MD and MO whencompared to the reference (main) diagnosis, which wasthe original sign-out pathologic diagnosis using MO[ground truth, (GT)] rendered at the institution.The differences in major discordance rates betweenMD and GT compared to MO and GT were -0.1%(95% CI, -2.05, 1.78) for all organs. The upper limit ofthe CI for the major discordance rate was 1.78%,which is less than the prespecified noninferioritythreshold of 4%, therefore meeting the primaryobjective of the study.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turnaround time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system requirements have been fulfilled:0   Images load in less than 7 seconds whenselected for viewingImages load in less than 10 seconds whenpanning or zooming</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human factors testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Novo has been found to be safe and effective for theintended users, uses, and use environments.</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION

Based on the information provided in this 510(k), the proposed PathAI device is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared predicate, when used with the PIPS UFS and Barco PP27QHD or Philips PS27QHDCR display. Please note that a clinical study was conducted to establish the Substantial Equivalence of the device.