# December 10, 2021

Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.   
Stacci Cronk, RAC   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs 1910 E Innovation Park Drive   
Tucson, AZ 85755

Re: K212176 Trade/Device Name: CINtec Histology Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.1865 Regulation Name: Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia (CIN) Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PRB Dated: July 9, 2021 Received: July 12, 2021

Dear Stacci Cronk:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Soma Ghosh, Ph.D.   
Chief   
Molecular Pathology and Cytology Branch   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K212176

Device Name CINted $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Histology

Indications for Use (Describe) CINtec $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Histology is a qualitative immunohistochemistry (IHC) test using mouse monoclonal anti-p16 antibody clone Ehhli embedded (FPE) cervical punch biopsy tissues using OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit on a VENTANA BenchMark ULTuH inteheoervilpihelal oplas N). Doi   prv should be based on H&E stained slide(s) and other clinical and laboratory test information.

Intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use. Prescription Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1910 E Innovation ParkDrive Tucson, AZ.,85755</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stacci CronkPhone: (520) 302-2193Email: Stacci.cronk@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>June 30, 2021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CINtec® Histology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunohistochemistry, qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRB, 21 CFR 864.1865</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CINtec® Histology (DEN160019)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EstablishmentRegistration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., 2028492</td></tr></table>

CINtec® Histology is a single dispenser immunohistochemical (IHC) assay system comprised of an anti-p16 primary antibody optimized for use with the BenchMark ULTRA automated slide staining instrument and the OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit. The antibody is diluted in a Tris-HCl buffer containing carrier protein and $0 . 1 \%$ ProClin 300 as a preservative and provided as a ready-to-use liquid in a FloLock dispenser. CINtec Histology is available in a 50-test size and a 250-test size.

The OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit (OptiView) is an indirect, biotin-free system for detecting mouse IgG, mouse $\mathrm { I g M }$ , and rabbit IgG primary antibodies and is comprised of 6 dispensers packaged together in one box. The components of the OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit are provide in Table 1.

Table 1: OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit Components   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Content</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OptiView PeroxidaseInhibitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0% hydrogen peroxide solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OptiView HQ UniversalLinker</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocktail of HQ-labeled antibodies (goatanti-mouse IgG, goat anti-mouse IgM, and goat anti-rabbitIgG)(&lt;50 µg/mL) in a buffer containing protein with ProClin 300,a preservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OptiView HRP Multimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal anti-HQ HRP labeled tertiaryantibody (&lt;40 µg/mL) in a buffer containing protein withProClin 300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OptiView DAB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2% 3, 3&#x27;-diaminobenzidine tetrahydrochloride(DAB) in a stabilizer solution inpreservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OptiView H202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04% hydrogen peroxide in a phosphate buffer solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OptiView Copper</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copper sulfate (5.0 g/L) in an acetate buffer in preservative.</td></tr></table>

The ancillary reagents required to perform the CINtec Histology assay are provided in Table 2.

Table 2: Ancillary Reagents   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format Provided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purpose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EZ Prep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bulk / 10XConcentrate/ 2 liter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detergent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Removes paraffinfrom the tissuespecimen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bulk / 10Concentrate / 2 liter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tris based buffersolution withdetergent andpreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Provides stableenvironment forantibody- antigeninteractions andenzyme reactions.Also used as a rinsesolution to removereagents betweenassay steps.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ULTRA HighTemperature LiquidCoverslip (LCS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bulk / 2 liter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low densityparaffinichydrocarbon andother oils</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functions as a barrierbetween aqueoussolutions and air (i.e.,prevents evaporationof reagents duringincubation periods onthe slide).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ULTRA CellConditioning 1Solution (CC1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bulk/Prediluted / 1liter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tris based buffersolution withdetergent andpreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disrupts covalentbonds at hightemperatures formedby formalin in tissue.Increases antibodyaccessibility.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematoxylin IICounterstain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dispenser/ Prediluted!  25 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematoxylin (≤60%);contains glycol andacetic acid stabilizingsolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A modified Mayer&#x27;shematoxylin usedfor staining cellularnuclei.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bluing Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dispenser /Prediluted /25 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solution of 0.1 Mlithium carbonate in0.5 M sodiumcarbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applied afterhematoxylin andchanges the hue of thehematoxylin to a bluecolor.</td></tr></table>

Controls:

Positive and negative tissue controls that are fixed and processed in the same manner as the test specimens should be used when performing this test. Positive and negative control tissue is used to confirm that the assay performed as expected. For optimal quality control, cervical carcinoma, or CIN2/3 cervical tissue positive for CINtec Histology staining is suitable for use as a positive tissue control, and normal cervical tissue is suitable for use as a negative tissue control. Normal human tonsil tissue is also suitable for use as a tissue control, as tonsil contains both positive and negative staining elements when stained with CINtec Histology. Within normal tonsil tissue, there is nuclear and/or cytoplasmic staining of scattered squamous epithelial cells primarily in crypt epithelium and scattered follicular dendritic cells in germinal centers and absence of staining in the majority of lymphocytes.

A negative reagent control mouse monoclonal antibody shall be used to evaluate nonspecific staining. This negative reagent control should be used to stain an adjacent section of the patient specimen tissue on a separate slide from the CINtec Histology slide. The staining protocol for the negative reagent control antibody should be the same as that for the primary antibody.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

CINtec $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Histology is a qualitative immunohistochemistry (IHC) test using mouse monoclonal anti- $\cdot \mathtt { p l } 6$ antibody clone E6H4 and is intended for use in the light microscopic assessment of the $\mathrm { \ p l } 6 ^ { \mathrm { I N K 4 a } }$ protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) cervical punch biopsy tissues using OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit on a VENTANA BenchMark ULTRA instrument. The test is indicated as an adjunct to examination of hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) stained slide(s), to improve consistency in the diagnosis of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). Diagnosis of CIN presence or level should be based on H&E stained slide(s) and other clinical and laboratory test information.

Intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use. Prescription Use Only.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

CINtec $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Histology is currently manufactured using hybridoma anti- $\mathtt { \cdot p l 6 } ^ { \mathrm { I N K 4 a } }$ (E6H4) Mouse Monoclonal Primary Antibody (anti-p16 antibody) supplied by Millipore (predicate device). In the subject device, the anti-p16 antibody supplier has been replaced by Roche Penzburg in order to ensure adequate supply continuity. In addition, the hybridoma anti-p16 (E6H4) antibody has been changed to a recombinant anti-p16 (E6H4) antibody. Advantages of recombinant antibodies include high consistency, reproducibility, scalability, and large yield.

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

A summary of non-clinical performance testing is provided in Table 3. The subject recombinant CINtec Histology device performs equivalently to the predicate hybridoma CINtec Histology device and both meet current acceptance criteria.

Table 3: Summary of Performance Testing   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">StudyDesign</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AcceptanceCriteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Result</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Western Blot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant anti-p16 antibody+ hybridoma anti-p16antibody/ cell lines with various expression of p16protein and recombinant p16 protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single band between 15-20 kDa (~16 kDa) must be detectedon the Western blot membrane for those lanes loaded withrecombinant p16K4a protein or with lysates from p16NK4aexpressing cell lines and consequently probed withrecombinant anti- p16INK4a antibody orhybridoma anti- p16NK4a antibody.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptide Inhibition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant CINtec® Histology / multi-tissueblock (MTB) containing tissues with variouscervical diagnosis stained with recombinantCINtec® Histology reagent diluted 1:1 withdifferent concentrations of p16-specific peptide(3x10-6 - 3x10-8 M), non- specific peptide (3x10-6- 3x10-8 M) or diluent only (no-peptide control).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decreased staining in the tissues stained with recombinantCINtec Histology reagent containing p16 epitope-specificpeptide when compared to the tissues stained withrecombinant CINtec Histology reagent containing diluentor non-specific peptide.The tissues stained with recombinant CINtec Histologyreagent containing highest concentration (3x10-6 M) of p16specific-peptide must show significant p16 signal reductioncompared to the tissues stained with recombinant CINtec®Histology reagent containing a non-specific- peptide or onlydiluent. A significant reduction in staining intensity indicatesthat the peptide is able to inhibit antibody binding to the targettissue. The tissues stained with the recombinant CINtecHistology reagent containing only diluent must demonstrateappropriate specific staining. The tissues stained with therecombinant CINtec Histology reagent containing middle andlowest concentrations of p16-specific- peptide should scorebetween 0 and the score obtained on the control slides stainedwith recombinant CINtec Histology containing only diluent.Duplicate samples tested must stain equivalently (within 0.5point). Background must be less than or equal to 0.5 point forat least 90% of samples tested.The negative control MTB slide should not have any specificstaining present.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Between Lotsprecision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3 lots of recombinant CINtec® Histology/ 26cervical cases with various diagnosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Stain intensity shall not vary more than 0.5 point from themedian score on a 0-4 scale of each sample on greater than orequal to 85% between lots; All samples shall show equal to orhigher than 90% positive/negative agreement for CINtec®Histology status; the antibody shall demonstratebackground/cross-reactivity less than or equal to 0.5 points ona 0-4 scale in 90% or greater of the tissue samples stained.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pass</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoreactivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 lot of recombinant CINtec® Histology + currenthybridoma CINtec® Histology /Tour of Body (TOB),Tour of Tumor (TOT), 20 additional cases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Background/cross-reactivity less than or equal to 0.5points on a 0-4 scale in 90% or greater of the tissuesamples stained. The recommended staining protocolshall preserve tissue morphology as noted by thequalified reader in a minimum of 90% of interpretablesamples stained.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalency/MethodComparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 lot of recombinant CINtec® Histology + currenthybridoma CINtec® Histology/249 cervical cases withvarious diagnosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall percent agreement (OPA) shall demonstrate a lowerbound for the two-sided 95% confidence interval (LBCI) ofgreater than or equal to 85%. Background should be (lessthan or equal to 0.5 points (on a 0-4 scale) in 90% or greaterof the tissue samples stained. Tissue morphology should bepreserved as noted by the qualified reader in a minimum of90% of interpretable samples stained.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 lots of recombinant CINtec® Histology /normalcervix, cervical squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), tonsil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stain intensity for all tissue slides stored at 45°C for at least227 hours or at 37°C for at least 493 hours shall not vary morethan 1.0 point in stain intensity as compared to the respectivereference tissue slides stained at 0 hour; background for alltissue slides stored at 45°C for at least 227 hours or 37°C for atleast 493 hours shall not exceed 0.5 points as compared to therespective Time 0 reference slides for 24 months' expirationdating.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr></table>

# 5. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The substantial equivalence is not based on an assessment of clinical performance data.

# 6. CONCLUSIONS

The subject recombinant CINtec Histology performs equivalently to the predicate hybridoma CINtec Histology and both meet current acceptance criteria.