Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.   
$\%$ Jeffrey Gibbs   
Director   
Hyman, Phelps & McNamara, P.C 700 Thirteenth Street NW, Suite 1200 Washington, D.C. 20005

Re: K213883 Trade/Device Name: NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSY Dated: December 9, 2021 Received: December 13, 2021

Dear Jeffrey Gibbs:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Shyam Kalavar   
Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology2   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system

Indications for Use (Describe) NanoZoomer S36 Side scanner ystemNanoZoomer Syste"is an utomate digital slide creation, view a mhh u i The NanoZoomr ystnotten r s wioz ction, cyology on-FPE ematpatholog es.

The NanoZoomer System comprises the NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner, the NZViewMD Software and the JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A display. The NanoZoomer System is for creation and viewing of digital images f scanned a e u interpretation of images obtained using NanoZoomer System.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 C.F.R. $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ the following summary of information is provided:

DATE: September 25, 2022

# SUBMITTER:

Shinichi Fujisaka   
812, Joko-cho, Higashi-ku   
Hamamatsu City, Shizuoka Pref. Japan 431-3196   
(81) 53-431-0155

# PRIMARY CONTACT PERSON:

Jeffrey N. Gibbs, JD   
Director   
Hyman, Phelps, & McNamara, P.C. T 202-737-4288

# SECONDARY CONTACT PERSON:

Adrienne Lenz   
Senior Medical Device Regulation Expert Hyman, Phelps, & McNamara, P.C.   
T 202-737-4292

# DEVICE:

TRADE NAME: NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system COMMON/USUAL NAME: Whole Slide Imaging System CLASSIFICATION NAME: Whole Slide Imaging System REVIEW PANEL: 21 C.F.R. $\ S 8 6 4 . 3 7 0 0$   
PRODUCT CODE: PSY

# PREDICATE DEVICE(S):

Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) (DEN160056)

The NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system is an automated system for creating, viewing, and managing digital slides. The NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system creates diagnostic-quality digital images of glass slides containing formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (“FFPE”) tissue. Each digital image covers an entire slide and typically contains billions of image pixels. Slide images may be viewed, stored, retrieved, duplicated, annotated, and/or shared, permitting the pathologist to make a primary diagnosis without needing to view the original glass slides through a light microscope.

The NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system is comprised of the NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner, the NZViewMD Software and the JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A display.

# INTENDED USE:

NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system (“NanoZoomer System”) is an automated digital slide creation, viewing, and management system. The NanoZoomer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpret digital images of surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (“FFPE”) tissue. The NanoZoomer System is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

The NanoZoomer System comprises the NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner, the NZViewMD Software and the JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A display. The NanoZoomer System is for creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slides that would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization by conventional light microscopy. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the validity of the interpretation of images obtained using NanoZoomer System.

# TECHNOLOGY:

The proposed NanoZoomer System has similar indications for use to, and uses the same fundamental technology as, the legally marketed predicate device to which substantial equivalency is claimed, the Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (“PIPS”) (DEN160056).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NanoZ00mer S360MD Slidescanner system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philips IntelliSite PathologySolution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PSY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PSY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>21 C.F.R. § 864.3700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 C.F.R. § 864.3700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Whole Slide Imaging System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Slide Imaging System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intended for use in primarysurgical pathology diagnosis inlieu of optical microscopy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for use in primarysurgical pathology diagnosis inlieu of optical microscopy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner system (&quot;NanoZoomerSystem&quot;) is an automated digitalslide creation, viewing, andmanagement system. TheNanoZoomer System is intendedfor in vitro diagnostic use as anaid to the pathologist to reviewand interpret digital images ofsurgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (&quot;FFPE&quot;)tissue. The NanoZoomer Systemis not intended for use withfrozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens.The NanoZoomer Systemcomprises the NanoZoomerS360MD Slide scanner, theNZViewMD Software and heJVC Kenw00d JD-C240BN01Adisplay. The NanoZoomerSystem is for creation andviewing of digital images ofscanned glass slides that wouldotherwise be appropriate for</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The Philips IntelliSite PathologySolution (PIPS) is an automateddigital slide creation, viewing,and management system. ThePIPS is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use as an aid to thepathologist to review andinterpret digital images ofsurgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE)tissue. The PIPS is not intendedfor use with frozen section,cytology, or non-FFPEhematopathology specimens.The PIPS comprises the ImageManagement System (IMS), theUltra Fast Scanner (UFS) andDisplay. The PIPS is for creationand viewing of digital images ofscanned glass slides that wouldotherwise be appropriate formanual visualization byconventional light microscopy. Itis the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employappropriate procedures and</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philips IntelliSite PathologySolution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>manual visualization byconventional light microscopy. Itis the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employappropriate procedures andsafeguards to assure the validityof the interpretation of imagesobtained using NanoZoomerSystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>safeguards to assure the validityof the interpretation of imagesobtained using PIPS.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slide Feeder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 slides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 slides</td></tr></table>

# DETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:

# SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL TESTS:

A number of verification and validation activities have been conducted for the NanoZoomer System. The product passed all verification and validation tests. Overall, the NanoZoomer System was found to be safe and effective for all intended users, uses, and use environments. Performance specifications of the NanoZoomer System are equivalent to the performance specifications of the PIPS. Any differences do not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness. These data demonstrate that the NanoZoomer System is at least as safe and effective as the predicate device.

Electrical safety testing was conducted in accordance with IEC61010-1 and IEC61010-2- 101 with passing results. Electromagnetic compatibility testing was conducted in accordance with IEC 61326-2-6 for laboratory use of in vitro diagnostic equipment. The test results showed “pass” for emissions and immunity.

The evaluation of the level of concerns for the NanoZoomer software is a result of the risk analysis performed and the intended use of the NanoZoomer System. The level of concern was determined to be Moderate and the results of the risk management process do not show any unacceptable risk.

Human factors studies were designed around user tasks, and use scenarios performed by users were conducted. For all user groups, tasks were successfully completed.

# Technical Studies:

Multiple studies were conducted to evaluate the performance of the NanoZoomer System as recommended in FDA’s guidance, Technical Performance Assessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Devices.

# a. Slide Feeder

Information was provided on the configuration of the slide feed mechanism, including a physical description of the slide, the number of slides in queue (carrier), and the class of automation. Information was provided on the user interaction with the slide feeder, including hardware, software, feedback mechanisms, and Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA).

# b. Light Source

Descriptive information associated with the LED was provided. Testing information was provided to verify the intensity and spectral variation of the LED light incident on the slide over time.

# c. Imaging Optics

An Optical schematic with all optical elements identified from slide (object plane) to image sensor (micro camera) was provided. Descriptive information regarding the microscope objective and the magnification of imaging optics was provided. Testing information regarding the magnification, relative irradiance, optical distortions, and chromatics aberrations was provided.

# d. Mechanical Scanner Movement

Information and specifications on the configuration of the stage, method of movement, control of movement of the stage, and FMEA was provided. Test data to determine positioning accuracy and repeatability for the X-Y and Z stages was provided.

# e. Digital Imaging Sensor

Information and specifications on the sensor type, pixel information, responsivity specifications, noise specifications, readout rate, and digital output format were provided. Testing to measure and evaluate linearity, spatial uniformity, dark

current, noise, opto-electronic conversion function, and electron conversion factor of the sensor was provided.

# f. Image Processing Software

Information and specifications on the exposure control, white balance, color correction, sub-sampling, pixel-offset correction, shading (flat-field) correction, and pixel-defect correction were provided. Testing confirmed that the pixel offset correction, shading and white balance, and color correction matrix functions work correctly.

# g. Image Composition

Information and specifications on the scanning method and Z-stack depth, was provided. Test data to analyze the image composition performance was provided.

h. Image Files Format

Information and specifications on the compression method, compression ratio, file format, and file organization were provided. Testing demonstrated compression specifications were met.

# i. Image Review Manipulation Software

Information and specifications for continuous panning, continuous zooming, discrete Z-axis displacement, comparison of slides in multiple windows, annotation tools, image enhancement, color manipulation (not for use in diagnostic procedures), tracking of visited areas and digital bookmarks was provided. Testing demonstrated the alignment precision of Z-stack images.

# $j$ . Computer Environment

Information and specifications on the computer hardware, operating system, memory, hard disk, graphics card, graphics card driver, color management settings, color profile, display interface and network were provided.

# k. Display

Information and specifications on the technological characteristics of the display device, physical size of the viewable area and aspect ratio, backlight type and properties, frame rate and refresh rate, pixel array, pitch, pixel aperture ratio and subpixel matrix scheme, subpixel driving to improve grayscale resolution, supported color spaces, display interface, user controls of brightness, contrast, gamma, color space, power-saving options, etc., via the on-screen display menu, color calibration tools, and frequency and nature of quality-control tests was provided. Test data to verify the performance of the display was provided.

# l. Color Reproducibility

Test data to quantify the accuracy and precision of the color transformation from the slide to the display monitor was provided.

# m. Spatial Resolution

Test data to evaluate the spatial resolution, including the composite optical performance of all components in the image acquisition phase was provided.

# n. Focusing Test

Test data to demonstrate that the focus quality is clinically acceptable for a variety of histologic preparations, including different tissue types, stain intensities, specimen thicknesses, and stain types was provided.

# o. Whole Slide Tissue Coverage

Test data to demonstrate that the entire tissue specimen on the clinical slide is detected by device was provided.

# $p$ . Stitching Error

Test data to assess the quality of WSI stitching boundaries for clinical slides exhibiting a variety of histologic preparations, including different tissue types, stain intensities, specimen thicknesses, and stain types was provided.

# $q$ . Turnaround Time

Test data to evaluate the average time required to execute zooming and panning operations, and to refresh the display in response to user input was provided.

SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTS:

Two clinical studies were conducted with the NanoZoomer System: 1) feature detection and 2) primary diagnosis.

The feature detection study evaluated the repeatability and reproducibility of histological feature detection when using the WSI method. The study was divided into the following sub-studies:

Scans from the same scanner (intra-scanner precision)

 Scans from different scanners at the same site (inter-scanner precision)  Scans from different scanners at different sites (inter-site precision)

TABLE 2: INTRA-SCANNER STUDY RESULTS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofPairwiseAgreements</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofComparisonPairs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement Rate and 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92.8, 95.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>934</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93.5, 96.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92.8, 95.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2799</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93.7, 95.3)</td></tr></table>

TABLE 3: INTER-SCANNER STUDY RESULTS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SystemsCompared</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofPairwiseAgreements</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofComparisonPairs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement Rate and 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner 1 vScanner 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>874</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4, 94.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner 1 vScanner 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91.2, 94.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner 2 vScanner 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>861</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89.3, 93.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.7, 93.8)</td></tr></table>

TABLE 4: INTER-SITE STUDY RESULTS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SitesCompared</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofPairwiseAgreements</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofComparisonPairs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement Rate and 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1 vs. Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.9, 94.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1 vs. Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91.5, 95.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2 vs. Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91.6, 95.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91.8, 94.9)</td></tr></table>

The data show that the studies met the acceptance criterion of the lower limit of the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (CI) of the Average Positive Agreement exceeding $8 5 \%$ .

The Primary Diagnosis Study successfully met the primary endpoint of the study by demonstrating non-inferiority to light microscopy of glass slides in the viewing of surgical pathology slides during the process of determining a primary diagnosis. The results of the Hamamatsu Photonics Primary Diagnosis Study are very similar to prior studies of digital pathology devices $0 . 4 \%$ difference for the NanoZoomer System compared to glass vs. $0 . 4 \%$ differential for PIPS, and a $3 . 5 \%$ major discordance rate for the NanoZoomer System vs. $4 . 7 \%$ for PIPS).

The acceptance criteria as follows:

The upper bound of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ CI of the difference between the overall major discordance rates of WSI diagnoses and Glass diagnoses was required to be $\leq 4 \%$ . The major discordance rate of the WSI diagnoses was required to be $\leq 7 \%$ .

In addition, there were no significant differences observed in outcomes by organ.

TABLE 5: MAJOR DISCORDANCE RATES BY ORGAN   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">WSI MajorDiscordance</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Glass MajorDiscordance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WSI-GlassDifference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Breast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Prostate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Respiratory*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Colorectal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">GE Junction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Stomach</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Skin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lymph Node</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bladder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Gynecological</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liver/</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bile Duct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Endocrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Brain/Neuro</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Kidney</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Salivary Gland</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hernial/Peritoneal+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gallbladder+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appendix#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Soft Tissue Tumors#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Anus/Perianal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modeled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Miscellaneous+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr></table>

\* - includes: Lung, Bronchus, Larynx, Oral Cavity, & Nasopharynx + - MMRM could not be fit for organs for which no major discordances were observed: Hernial/Peritoneal, Gallbladder, and Other miscellaneous. # - MMRM failed to converge for Appendix and Soft Tissue Tumors

While not an endpoint or prospective analysis for this study, the Hamamatsu Photonics NanoZoomer Primary Diagnosis study results demonstrated a strong similarity to the results of the studies conducted by Philips Medical Systems comparing light microscopy to whole slide imaging.

# CONCLUSION:

Hamamatsu Photonics K.K. considers the NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device.