Proscia, Inc.   
Kim Rendon   
Director of Regulatory Affairs   
1700 Market St.   
23rd Floor   
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103

Re: K230839 Trade/Device Name: Concentriq Dx Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ Dated: March 27, 2023 Received: March 27, 2023

Dear Kim Rendon:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics

# Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K230839</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Concentriq Dx</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

Concentriq $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Dx is a software only device intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage these digital slide images for the purpose of primary diagnosis. Concentriq $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Dx is not intended for use with frozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and the validity of the interpretation of images using Concentriq Dx. Concentriq Dx is intended for use with the Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and JVC JD-C240BN01A monitor.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary Concentriq® Dx

# DATE PREPARED: February 7, 2024

# SUBMITTER

Proscia, Inc.   
1700 Market Street $2 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Floor Philadelphia, PA 19103   
(215) 608-5411

# PRIMARY CONTACT PERSON

Kim Rendon Director of Regulatory Affairs

# DEVICE

Proprietary Name/Trade Name:   
Classification Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Product Code:   
Device Classification:   
Review Panel:   
Common Name:   
Concentriq® Dx   
Whole Slide Imaging System   
21 CFR 864.3700   
QKQ   
Class II   
88 - Pathology   
Digital Pathology Image Viewing and Management Software

# PREDICATE DEVICE

Proprietary Name: Submission Number:

NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system K213883

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

Concentriq $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Dx is a software only device intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage these digital slide images for the purpose of primary diagnosis. Concentriq $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Dx is not intended for use with frozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and the validity of the interpretation of images using Concentriq Dx. Concentriq Dx is intended for use with the Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and JVC JD-C240BN01A monitor.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

# CONCENTRIQ DX IS OPERATED AS FOLLOWS:

1. The image acquisition is performed using the validated WSI scanner. A lab technician prepares, and scans slides and reviews the slide quality in accordance with the WSI scanner Instructional Manual and standard lab procedures. The Concentriq Dx workflow is initiated when the WSI from the local file system is ingested into Concentriq Dx.

2. The reading pathologist selects a case from a worklist external to the subject device or from within the subject device, whereby the subject device fetches the associated images from the image storage.

3. The reading pathologist uses the subject device to view and interpret the images:

• Zoom and pan the image   
• Measure distances and areas in the image   
• Annotate the image   
• View multiple images side by side

4. Prior to using a whole slide image for diagnosis, a data and image quality assessment is performed.

5. The above steps are repeated as required.

6. After viewing all images for a case, the pathologist will make a diagnosis. The diagnosis wil be documented in another system, e.g., a Laboratory Information System (LIS).

7. When finished using the system, the pathologist clicks "Sign Out" in the user menu.

# Quality Control:

Prior to using a whole slide image for diagnosis, the pathologist should ensure that all scanned slide images have been imported for every case and the images are of acceptable quality for diagnostic purposes. The pathologist reviews scanned images from all the slides associated with a case before rendering a diagnosis.

Table 1: WSI scanner   

<table><tr><td>Manufacturer</td><td>Model</td></tr><tr><td>Hamamatsu</td><td>NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner</td></tr></table>

Table 2: WSI display   

<table><tr><td>Manufacturer</td><td>Model</td></tr><tr><td>JVC</td><td>JD-C240BN01A</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Computer environment/System Requirements:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WorkstationComponent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specifications</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Processor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 GHz processor or higher with at least 4 cores</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 GB or higher</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JVC JD-C240BN01A for use with Hamamatsu NanoZoomerS360MD Slide scanner</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Network connectivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 Mbps (1 Gbps LAN recommended) connection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Keyboard / Mouse /Trackpad</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Windows 10 compatibleOptional: 3Dconnexion SpaceMouse Pro, 3Dconnexion SpaceMouseCompact</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Windows 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supported browsers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Google Chrome 119.0.6045.105, Microsoft Edge 118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antivirus software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norton Antivirus V22.22.6.10 and McAfee Antivirus 16.0</td></tr></table>

# COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH PREDICATE DEVICES

The following table summarizes the similarities and differences between the Concentriq Dx and the predicate device, NanoZoomer System.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device TradeName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NanoZoomer System(NZViewMD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentriq Dx</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QKQ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 C.F.R. § 864.3700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 C.F.R. § 864.3700</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Slide Imaging System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Slide Imaging System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner system ("NanoZoomerSystem") is an automated digitalslide creation, viewing, andmanagement system. TheNanoZoomer System is intendedfor in vitro diagnostic use as an aidto the pathologist to review andinterpret digital images of surgicalpathology slides prepared fromformalin-fixed paraffin embedded("FFPE") tissue. The NanoZoomerSystem is not intended for use withfrozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.The NanoZoomer Systemcomprises the NanoZoomerS360MD Slide scanner, theNZViewMD Software and the JVCKenwood JD-C240BN01A display.The NanoZoomer System is forcreation and viewing of digitalimages of scanned glass slides thatwould otherwise be appropriate formanual visualization byconventional light microscopy. It isthe responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employ appropriateprocedures and safeguards toassure the validity of theinterpretation of images obtainedusing NanoZoomer System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic UseConcentriq® Dx is a software onlydevice intended for viewing andmanagement of digital images ofscanned surgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. Itis an aid to the pathologist toreview, interpret and manage thesedigital slide images for the purposeof primary diagnosis. Concentriq®Dx is not intended for use withfrozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.It is the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employ appropriateprocedures and safeguards toassure the quality of the imagesobtained and the validity of theinterpretation of images usingConcentriq Dx. Concentriq Dx isintended for use HamamatsuNanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner and JVC JD-C240BN01Amonitor.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompatibleDisplay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JVC Kenw0od JD-C24BN01A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JVC Kenw0od JD-C24BN01A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology slides preparedfrom FFPE tissue</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image FileFormats</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hamamatsu's NZAcquireMD .ndpifile format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageManipulationFunctions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, imageadjustments, annotations, anddistance/area measurements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of SoftwareApplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows based</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internet browser based</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanner, Image ManagementSoftware and Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image Management Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI are acquired by usingNanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner, the WSI are automaticallysaved to the hard disk duringscanning and may be viewed laterby using the included viewingsoftware. During review, thepathologist opens WSI from theimage storage attached to localnetwork, performs further QC andreads WSI of the slides to make adiagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After the WSI are acquired byusing NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner, the WSI are stored incustomer provided image storage.During image review, thepathologist opens the WSI(displayed as .ndpi images) fromthe image storage using ConcentriqDx; performs further QC and thenreads the WSI to make a diagnosis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NZViewMD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentriq Dx</td></tr></table>

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON

The proposed subject device has the same Indications for Use and similar Functional and Technological Characteristics to the predicate device’s Image Management System (IMS) application software and is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# PERFORMANCE DATA

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pixel-wise comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A pixel-wise comparison test was performed to compare imageswhich were reproduced by Concentriq Dx and NZViewMD for thesame NDPI file to validate identical image reproduction. Test resultsshowed that the 95th percentile of pixelwise differences betweenConcentriq Dx and NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system wasgreater than 3 CIEDE2000, indicating that their output images are notpixel-wise identical as Concentriq Dx applies image compression toits output. Based on the findings from bench testing, a clinical studywas performed to establish the safety and effectiveness of the device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A clinical study was conducted to demonstrate that viewing,reviewing, and diagnosing WSIs of H&amp;E stained FFPE tissue slidesusing Concentriq Dx [manual digital read (MD)] is non-inferior toglass slide reads using optical (light) microscopy [manual optical(MO)]. The primary endpoint of the study was the difference in majordiscordance rates between MD and MO when compared to thereference (main) diagnosis, which was the original sign-out pathologicdiagnosis using MO [ground truth, (GT)] rendered at the institution.The differences in major discordance rates between MD and GTcompared to MO and GT were -0.1% (95% CI, -1.0, 0.4) for all casesacross the 3 reading pathologists. The upper limit of the CI for thedifference in the major discordance rate was 0.4%, which is less thanthe prespecified noninferiority threshold of 4%, therefore meeting theprimary objective of the study.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turnaround</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system requirements have been fulfilled:Images load in less than 5 seconds when selected for viewingImages load in less than 2 seconds when spanning andzooming</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurements of Areaand Distance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement accuracy has been verified by comparing themeasurements of markings made in the Concentriq viewer to themeasurements of markings on a calibrated cross scale slide withknown sizes. The tests were used to validate the measurementaccuracy of the subject device. Tests verified that the distance andarea measurements made in the Concentriq Dx viewer accuratelyreflected the distance and area of the markings on an image of thecalibrated slide. These results show that Concentriq performedaccurate measurements with respect to its intended use.</td></tr><tr><td>Human Factors Validation Study</td><td>Concentriq Dx has been found to be safe and effective for the intended users, uses and use environments.</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION

Based on the information provided in the $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ , the subject device Concentriq Dx is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared predicate device, when used Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and JVC JD-C240BN01A monitor. A clinical study was conducted to establish the Substantial Equivalence of the device.