Indica Labs, Inc.   
Michele Fredrickson   
Sr Manager, Quality and Regulatory 8700 Education Place NW   
Building B   
Albuquerque, New Mexico 87114

Re: K232833 Trade/Device Name: HALO AP Dx Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ Dated: September 13, 2023 Received: September 13, 2023

Dear Michele Fredrickson:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

HALO AP Dx is a software only device intended as an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue for the purposes of pathology primary diagnosis. HALO AP Dx is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or nonFFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. HALO AP Dx is intended for use with the Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and the JVC Kenwood JDC240BN01A display.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# HALO AP Dx

# 1. Submitter

Indica Labs, Inc.   
8700 Education Place, Building B   
Albuquerque, NM, 87114 USA   
Contact Person: Michele Fredrickson, Sr. Manager Quality & Regulatory Tel: 505-492-0972   
Date Prepared: May 6, 2024

# 2. Device

Device Trade Name: HALO AP Dx   
Version: 2.1   
Regulation Name: Whole Slide Imaging System   
Regulation: 21 CFR §864.3700   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Classification Code: QKQ   
Review Panel: 88 – Pathology   
510 (k) Submission Number: K232833

# 3. Predicate Device

Predicate Manufacturer: Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.   
Predicate Trade Name: NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system Predicate 510(k): K213883   
No reference devices were used in this submission.

# 4. Device Description

HALO AP Dx, version 2.1 is a browser-based software-only device intended to aid pathology professionals in viewing, manipulating, management and interpretation of digital pathology whole slide images (WSI) of glass slides obtained from the Hamamatsu Photonics K.K. NanoZoomer S360MD scanner and viewed on the JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A display.

HALO AP Dx is typically operated as follows:

1. Image acquisition is performed using the predicate device, NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner according to its Instructions for Use. The operator performs quality control of the digital slides per the instructions of the NanoZoomer and lab specifications to determine if re-scans are necessary.

2. Once image acquisition is complete, the unaltered image is saved by the scanner’s software to an image storage location. HALO AP Dx ingests the image, and a copy of image metadata is stored in the subject device’s database to improve viewing response times.

3. Scanned images are reviewed by scanning personnel such as histotechnicians to confirm image quality and initiate any re-scans before making it available to the pathologist.

4. The reading pathologist selects a patient case from a selected worklist within HALO AP Dx whereby the subject device fetches the associated images from external image storage.

5. The reading pathologist uses the subject device to view the images and can perform the following actions, as needed:

a. Zoom and pan the image.   
b. Measure distances and areas in the image.   
c. Annotate images.   
d. View multiple images side by side in a synchronized fashion.   
6. The above steps are repeated as necessary.

After viewing all images belonging to a particular case (patient), the pathologist will make a diagnosis which is documented in another system, such as a Laboratory Information System (LIS).

The interoperable components of HALO AP Dx are provided in table 1 below:

Table 1. Interoperable Components for Use with HALO AP Dx   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hamamatsu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JVC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JD-C240BN01A</td></tr></table>

# 5. Intended Use

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

HALO AP Dx is a software only device intended as an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue for the purposes of pathology primary diagnosis. HALO AP Dx is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. HALO AP Dx is intended for use with the Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and the JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A display.

# 6. Summary of Technological Characteristics

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K213883)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device TradeName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MDSlide scanner system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HALO AP Dx</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QKQ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.3700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.3700</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Slide Imaging System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Slide Imaging System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner system ("NanoZoomerSystem") is an automated digital slidecreation, viewing and managementsystem. The NanoZoomer System isintended for in vitro diagnostic use asan aid to the pathologist to review andinterpret digital images of surgicalpathology slides prepared fromformalin-fixed paraffin embedded("FFPE") tissue for the purposes ofpathology primary diagnosis. TheNanoZoomer System is not intendedfor use with frozen section, cytology,or non-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens.The NanoZoomer System comprisesthe NanoZoomer S360MD Slidescanner, the NZViewMD Software andthe JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01Adisplay. The NanoZoomer System isfor creation and viewing of digitalimages of scanned glass slides thatwould otherwise be appropriate formanual visualization by conventionallight microscopy. It is the responsibilityof a qualified pathologist to employappropriate procedures andsafeguards to assure the validity ofthe interpretation of images obtainedusing NanoZoomer System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HALO AP Dx is a software only deviceintended as an aid to the pathologist toreview, interpret and manage digital imagesof scanned surgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixed paraffinembedded (FFPE) tissue for purposes ofpathology primary diagnosis. HALO AP Dxis not intended for use with frozen section,cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens.It is the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employ appropriateprocedures and safeguards to assure thequality of the images obtained and, wherenecessary, use conventional lightmicroscopy review when making adiagnostic decision. HALO AP Dx isintended for use with the HamamatsuNanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner andthe JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A display.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology slides preparedfrom FFPE tissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiagnosticImage FileFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hamamatsu NDPi File</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageManipulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functions for continuous panning andzooming, annotations, distance/areameasurements, track visited areas,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functions for continuous panning andzooming, annotations, image adjustments,distance/area measurements, organize</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and ReviewFunctions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">export images, discrete Z-axisdisplacement, and display ofdiagnostic status of images.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">workload and view patient data, exportimages, and display of diagnostic status ofimages.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of SoftwareApplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC-based installed application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internet browser-based application:Google Chrome version 116 and aboveMicrosoft Edge version 116 and above</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">During review, the pathologist opensthe WSI images acquired with thescanner from the network storage,performs further QC, and reviews andinterprets the WSI images to make adiagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User-supplied network attachedstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">End User'sInterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NZViewMD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HALO AP Dx</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hamamatsu S360MD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display Monitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 7. Performance Data

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical ImageReproduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on pixel-wise comparison to NZViewMD viewer, across multipletiles at multiple magnification levels, it was determined that color imagesreproduced by HALO AP Dx demonstrated identical image reproductioncompared to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turnaround time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turnaround times for image loading, panning, and zooming have beendetermined and found to be adequate for the intended use of the subjectdevice. The system requirements have been fulfilled:When selecting a case, it should not take longer than 4 secondsuntil the image is fully loaded.When panning the image, it should not take longer than 3seconds until the image is fully loaded.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement accuracy has been verified using a test image containingobjects with known sizes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human factors testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HALO AP Dx has been found to be safe and effective for the intendedusers, uses, and use environments.</td></tr></table>

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Comparison

The major difference between the subject and predicate device is that the predicate includes the Hamamatsu S360MD scanner and the JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A monitor, whereas the subject device is indicated for use with the same scanner and monitor. Therefore, the indications for use for the predicate contain a section detailing the creation of the WSI, while HALO AP Dx is only focused on viewing those images.

As proposed, when HALO AP Dx is used with the Hamamatsu S360MD scanner and the JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A monitor, it has similar indications for use, inputs, outputs, intended user types, and technological characteristics as the NZViewMD viewing software included with the predicate device. Therefore, HALO AP Dx is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K213883).

# 9. Summary of Studies

# Non-clinical test results

Conducted per FDA’s Guidance on Technical Performance Assessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Devices (2016):

Pixelwise comparison testing was conducted in the Windows 10 environment to support identical image reproduction. Pixel-level comparisons were made across multiple tiles at multiple magnification levels, to compare color images reproduced by HALO AP Dx and Nanozoomer NZViewMD. After alignment of the image pair, the pixelwise differences were computed. The mean, minimum and maximum of the 95th percentile were reported compositely and separately, per Region of Interest (ROI), image, magnification level, scanner, and browser. The 95th percentile values (CIEDE2000) across all ROIs taken from images with varied tissue types and diagnoses are less than 3 ΔE00. It was determined that color images reproduced by HALO AP Dx demonstrated identical image reproduction compared to the predicate device.

Turnaround times for panning and zooming have been determined and found to be adequate for the intended use of the subject device. Concurrent multi-user load testing confirms HALO AP Dx performance remains responsive under constant utilization over a long time period.

• The subject device has been found to perform accurate measurements with respect to its intended use.

Conducted per FDA’s Guidance on Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices (2016):

• Task-based usability tests verified the HALO AP Dx user interface to be intuitive, safe, and effective for the range of intended users.

# 10. Conclusion

When HALO AP Dx is used with the Hamamatsu Photonics K.K. NanoZoomer S360MD scanner and JVC Kenwood JD-C240BN01A display, it has similar Indications for Use, Functional, and Technological Characteristics as the predicate’s viewing software. The results of non-clinical testing demonstrate the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K213883).