AetherAI Co., Ltd.   
Leticia Hong   
Team Leader of RA   
15F & 15F-1., No. 508, Sec. 7 Zhongxiao E. Rd., Nangang Dist. Taipei City, 115011   
Taiwan

Re: K233126 Trade/Device Name: aetherSlide Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ Dated: September 15, 2023 Received: September 27, 2023

Dear Leticia Hong:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K233126

# Device Name aetherSlide

Indications for Use (Describe)

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use   
aetherSlide is a software-only device intended for viewing and managing digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from fornalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of pathology slides for primary diagnosis. aetherSlide is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.   
It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. aetherSlide is intended for use with the Philips Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS) and the Philips PS27QHDCR monitor.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date of Summary: 05/30/2024

2. Submitter: aetherAI Co., Ltd.

Address: 15F & 15F-1, No. 508, Sec. 7, Zhongxiao E. Rd., Nangang Dist., Taipei City 115011, Taiwan (R.O.C.)   
Phone: +886-2-27856892   
Contact: Leticia Hong (leticiahong@aetherai.com)

# 3. Identification of the Subject Device:

Proprietary/Trade Name: aetherSlide   
Version: 101692   
Classification Product Code: QKQ   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700   
Regulation Description: Digital Pathology Image Viewing and Management Software   
Review Panel: 88 - Pathology   
Device Class: Ⅱ   
510 (k) Submission   
Number: K233126

# 4. Identification of the Predicate Device:

# Predicate Device Name:

Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution   
(PIPS)   
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V   
PSY   
21 CFR 864.3700   
Ⅱ   
DEN160056   
Applicant:   
Classification Product Code:   
Regulation number:   
Device Class:   
Submission Number:

# 5. Indications for Use / Intended Use of the Device

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

aetherSlide is a software-only device intended for viewing and managing digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of pathology slides for primary diagnosis. aetherSlide is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. aetherSlide is intended for use with the Philips Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS) and the Philips PS27QHDCR monitor.

# 6. Description of the Device

aetherSlide, version 101692 is a web-based, software only device that is intended to aid pathology professionals in viewing, interpretation and management of digital whole slide images (WSI) of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue obtained from Philips Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS). It aids the pathologist in the review, interpretation, and management of pathology slide digital images used to generate a primary diagnosis.

aetherSlide is operated as follows:

1. Image acquisition is performed using the Philips UFS. The operator conducts quality control of the digital slides according to Philips UFS instructions and laboratory specifications to determine if re-scans are necessary.   
2. Once the WSI is acquired using Philips UFS, it becomes available in the Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) database file systems. The operator then exports the WSI in iSyntax format from PIPS Image Management System (IMS) to a designated storage path.

3. The operator can manually upload the exported WSI into aetherSlide via aetherSlide Gateway, which is a separate medical image communications software. Alternatively, the aetherSlide Gateway can automatically initiate the upload of the WSI into aetherSlide when the auto-upload function is activated on the settings page of aetherSlide Gateway. Once the WSI is uploaded, the reading pathologist uses the device to perform the following actions:

View slide image   
C Zoom and pan the image   
 Measure distances in the image   
Annotate the image

4. After viewing all images for a patient (case), the pathologist will make a diagnosis. The diagnosis will be documented in another system, e.g., a Laboratory Information System (LIS).

aetherSlide is designed to be deployed to a customer-managed infrastructure and may be accessed on the user's workstation browser. aetherSlide operates with and is validated for use with the components specified the tables below:

Table 1. Interoperable Components for Use with aetherSlide   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philips      MedicalSystems NederlandB.V.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ultra Fast Scanner</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philips       MedicalSystems NederlandB.V.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PS27QHDCR Monitor</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Computer Environment/System Requirements   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Component</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum Requirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Client PC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intel or AMD with 64-bit support, atleast 2 GHz, at least 2 cores</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 GB RAM or higher</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128 GB SSD or higher</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Network</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 Mbps Ethernet or above</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft Windows 11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Browser</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Google Chrome (122 or higher)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Gateway Workstation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intel or AMD with 64-bit support, atleast 2 GHz, at least 2 cores</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 GB RAM or higher</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128 GB SSD or higher</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Network</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 Mbps Ethernet or above</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft Windows 11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Server</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intel or AMD with 64-bit support, atleast 2 GHz, at least 8 cores</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 GB RAM or higher</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">512 GB SSD or higher</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Network</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Gbps or above</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ubuntu 22.04 LTS</td></tr></table>

# 7. Summary of Performance Testing

A series of tests were performed to assess the safety and effectiveness of aetherSlide. All the test results demonstrate that the subject device meets the requirements of its pre-defined acceptance criteria and intended use.

The following performance tests were conducted per FDA guidance “Technical Performance Assessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Device (2016)”

<table><tr><td>Test</td><td>Result</td></tr><tr><td>Pixel-wise comparison</td><td>Pixel-wise comparison study was conducted to compare images reproduced by aetherSlide and PIPS IMS for the same iSyntax file to validate identical image reproduction. Test results showed that the 95th percentile of pixelwise differences between aetherSlide and PIPS IMS was less than 3 CIEDE2000, indicating that their output images</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">are pixel-wise identical. Therefore, it wasdetermined that color images reproduced byaetherSlide were visually adequate with respect toits intended use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turnaround time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system requirements have been fulfilled:•When selecting a case, it should not take longerthan 10 seconds until the image is fully loaded.• When panning the image (one quarter of themonitor) it shall not take longer than 7 secondsuntil the image is fully loaded.Turnaround times for opening an image andpanning have been determined and found to beadequate for the intended use of the subjectdevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement accuracy has been verified using ascanned image of the grid micrometer. aetherSlidehas been found to perform accurate measurementswith respect to its intended use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Usability testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The usability test was conducted per FDAguidance "Applying Human Factors and UsabilityEngineering to Medical Devices (2016)". The testresult demonstrated that the subject device hasbeen found to be safe and effective for theintended users, uses, and use environments.</td></tr></table>

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Determination

The aetherSlide submitted in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ file is substantially equivalent in intended use, safety and performance claims to the cleared device, Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) (DEN160056).

Table 3. Summary of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Substantial EquivalenceDiscussion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>aetherAI Co., Ltd.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>aetherSlide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>K233126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DEN160056</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Indications forUse/Intended Use</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=2>For In Vitro Diagnostic UseaetherSlide is a software-only device intendedfor viewing and managing digital images ofscanned surgical pathology slides preparedfrom formalin-fixed paraffin embedded(FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist toreview, interpret and manage digital images ofpathology slides for primary diagnosis.aetherSlide is not intended for use with frozensection,cytology,    or    non-FFPEhematopathology specimens.It is the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employ appropriate proceduresand safeguards to assure the quality of theimages obtained and, where necessary, useconventional light microscopy review whenmaking a diagnostic decision. aetherSlide is</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>The Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution(PIPS) is an automated digital slide creation,viewing, and management system. The PIPSis intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aidto the pathologist to review and interpretdigital images of surgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixed paraffinembedded (FFPE) tissue.The PIPS is not intended for use with frozen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SimilarWhen the subject device isused with PIPS UFS andPhilips        PS27QHDCRmonitor, the software hassimilar indications for use to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>interpret</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>section, cytology, or nonFFPE</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>the Image ManagementSystem (IMS) applicationsoftware of the predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>hematopathology specimens. The PIPS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>comprises the Image Management System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>(IMS), the Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS) andDisplay. The PIPS is for creation and viewing</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>device. Thus, it would notaffect the equivalence.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>of digital images of scanned glass slides that</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>would otherwise be appropriate for manualvisualization by conventional light</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Substantial EquivalenceDiscussion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aetherAI Co., Ltd.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aetherSlide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (IPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submission No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K233126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEN160056</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for use with the Philips Ultra FastScanner (UFS) and the Philips PS27QHDCRmonitor.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">microscopy. It is the responsibility of aqualified pathologist to employ appropriateprocedures and safeguards to assure thevalidity of the interpretation of imagesobtained using PIPS.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digitized surgical pathology slides preparedfrom FFPE tissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology slides prepared from FFPEtissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThe specimen type of thesubject device is the digitizedslides, which is obtained fromthe PIPIS UFS, and thepredicate device includes thecreation of digital imagesused PIPS UFS. Thus, theequivalence would not beaffected.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image File Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iSyntax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iSyntax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageManipulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, color manipulationfunction, annotations, and measurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, color manipulationfunction, annotations, and measurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThe performance of the</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Substantial EquivalenceDiscussion</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aetherAI Co., Ltd.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aetherSlide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submission No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K233126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEN160056</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(only for distance)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(distance &amp; area)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">subject device is not affectedand meet the requirements.Thus, it would not affect theequivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of SoftwareApplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internet browser-based application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internet browser-based application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aetherSlide imaging viewing software,aetherSlide Gateway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS), ImageManagement System (IMS), Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThe aetherSlide Gateway isused for uploading the slideinto aetherSlide. Thisdifference would not affectthe performance of thesubject device and itsequivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images are successfully acquiredby using PIPS UFS, the WSI images are storedin the image storage provided by the end user.During review, the pathologist opens WSI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images are successfully acquiredby using PIPS UFS, the WSI images are storedin IMS Application Server &amp; Storage softwarethat is not provided as part of the PIPS, but</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThe performance of thesubject device is not affectedtand meet the requirements.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Substantial EquivalenceDiscussion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aetherAI Co., Ltd.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aetherSlide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submission No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K233126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEN160056</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">images from storage, performs further QC andreads WSI images of the slides to make adiagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">may be located in a central server roomseparate from the workstation with the IMSviewing software and Display. During review,the pathologist opens WSI images from IMSServer &amp; Storage, perform further QC andreads WSI images of the slides to make adiagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thus, it would not affect theequivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images are stored in an end user providedimage storage attached to the local network.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images are stored in the end user providedimage storage (PIPS IMS Application Server&amp; Storage) attached to the local network.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThe performance associatedwith image storage of subjectdevice is not affected andmeet the requirements. Thus,it would not affect theequivalence.</td></tr></table>

# 9. Similarity and Difference

The subject device has similar indications for use/intended use, similar technology/principle of operation, technological characteristics, and safety and performance to the predicate device, when used with the PIPS UFS scanner and the Philips PS27QHDCR monitor.

However, there is slight difference between the subject device and the predicate device which include the following aspect:

Medical image communication software Once a slide image is acquired using PIPS UFS, according to its Instructions for Use, and becomes available in scanner database file systems, aetherSlide contains a Gateway which will automatically initiate uploading the slide image and corresponding metadata to the storage (not part of the device), or allow the operator to manually upload the slide image via aetherSlide Gateway. aetherSlide Gateway will perform integrity checks at the time of upload when data is copied to storage.

Nevertheless, verification activities were conducted on the subject device, and all tests were verified to meet the required acceptance criteria. The result of the verification tests indicated that aforementioned differences do not affect the indications for use/intended use of the subject device or raise any unresolved issues. Consequently, any differences between the subject device and the predicate device are insignificant and do not present any substantial equivalence concerns. The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device as claimed.

# 10. Conclusion

After analyzing non-clinical safety and performance testing data, it can be concluded that when aetherSlide is used with the PIPS UFS scanner and the Philips PS27QHDCR monitor, it is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.