JelloX Biotech Inc.   
Tzu-Han Fan   
Medical Laboratory Scientist   
No. 66-5, Shengyi 5th Rd., Zhubei City, Hsinchu County, 302041   
Taiwan

Re: K240303 Trade/Device Name: MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ Dated: December 13, 2023 Received: February 2, 2024

Dear Tzu-Han Fan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software

Indications for Use (Describe) For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

MetaLi DX Digital Pathology Sotware s sotware nly evicintended orviewing andmangementgial surgcal patholgy slides preparfromraln-e par bede PEtissurhe pathology slides.

MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

I theatae nd whecesaryuvetinalhscoyvi henakdos MetLX ial atholgySoar e os hlpsUrasSand e Bar-1 display.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and aintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

1. Date of Summary:

October 28, 2024

2. Submitter: Address:

JelloX Biotech Inc.   
No. 66-5, Shengyi 5th Rd., Zhubei City, Hsinchu County, 302041, Taiwan (R.O.C)   
$+ 8 8 6 { - 3 }$ -6583058 ext 204   
Tzu-Han Fan   
fancyhan@jellox.com

Phone: Contact: Email

3. Identification of the Device: Proprietary/Trade Name:

MetaLite DX Digital Pathology   
Software   
MLDXUS   
1.2.1   
Whole Slide Imaging System   
88 – Pathology   
21 CFR 864.3700   
QKQ   
Class II   
K240303   
Model Number:   
Version:   
Regulation Description:   
Review Panel:   
Regulation Number:   
Product Code:   
Device Class:   
${ \displaystyle 5 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) }$ Submission Number:

# 4. Identification of the Predicate Device: Predicate Device Name:

Model Number: 510(k) Number: Manufacturer:

Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS)   
N/A   
K203845   
Philips Medical Systems   
Nederland B.V.   
21 CFR 864.3700   
PSY   
Class II

Regulation Number: Product Code: Device Class:

# 5. Intended Use/ Indications for Use of the Device

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software is a software only device intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue for the purposes of pathology primary diagnosis. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of pathology slides.

MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software is intended for use with Philips Ultra Fast Scanner and the Barco MDPC-8127 display.

# 6. Device Description

MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software, Model MLDXUS, version 1.2.1 is software designed for viewing digital pathology images of glass slides from the Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution Ultra-Fast Scanner (PIPS-UFS), version 1.8.4 on Barco MDPC-8127 display.

MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software is operated as follows:

Before scanning the slide on the PIPS-UFS, the technician performs quality control on the tissue of interest. The images captured by the PIPS-UFS are compressed using Philips’ proprietary iSyntax format and are transmitted to the Philips Image Management System (IMS).

(1) After the Whole Slide Images (WSIs) are successfully, acquired by using PIPS-UFS, the WSIs are stored in the Local file system. A qualified pathologist will upload compatible iSyntax format digital pathology images, and the software will load them to the “Main Viewer” area of the graphical

interface for the pathologist to view.

(2) Once properly loaded, the pathologist will use the inherent features of the device (including tools that allow for adjusting the position and viewing angle of the image, measuring lengths between two coordinates, and adding annotations to specific regional areas).

(3) After viewing all images for a patient (case), the pathologist will make a diagnosis. The diagnosis will be documented in another system, e.g., a Laboratory Information System (LIS).

The software has various features such as zoom-in and zoom-out functions, scale display, thumbnail view, measurement function, annotation function, and panning function to help pathologists interpret, diagnose and manage digital whole slide images. The MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software is validated for use with the components specified the tables below.

Table 1. Interoperable Components for Use with MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philips Medical SystemsNederland B.V.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UltraFastScanner(UFS),Version 1.8.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barco NV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDPC-8127</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Computer Environment/System Requirements   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum Requirements</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Client PC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Processor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intel® Core (TM) I7 11th Gen or above</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16GB or above</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB Flash Drive 8GB or above</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Windows 10 or above</td></tr></table>

# 7. Summary of Performance Testing

A series of tests were performed to assess the safety and effectiveness of the subject device, MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software.

The following performance tests were conducted per FDA guidance “Technical Performance Assessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Device (2016)” and “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices (2016)”.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pixel-wise comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pixel-wise comparison study was conducted tocompare images reproduced by MetaLite DXDigital Pathology Software and PIPS IMS forthe same iSyntax file generated from UFS 1.8.4to validate identical image reproduction. Testresults showed that the 95th percentile ofpixelwise differences between MetaLite DXDigital Pathology Software and PIPS IMS wasless than 3 CIEDE2000, indicating that theiroutput images are pixel-wise identical.Therefore, it was determined that color imagesreproduced by MetaLite DX Digital PathologySoftware were visually adequate with respectto its intended use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turnaround time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The turnaround time of opening, panning andzooming an image is within 5 seconds, whichhas been determined and found to beadequate for the intended use of the subjectdevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement accuracy has been verified usinga scanned image of the calibration scale slide.MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software hasbeen found to perform accurate measurementswith respect to its intended use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Usability testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The usability test was conducted per FDAguidance Applying Human Factors andUsability Engineering to Medical Devices</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(2016)". The test result demonstrated that the subject device has been found to be safe and effective for the intended users, uses, and use environments.</td></tr></table>

All test results demonstrate MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software meets the requirements of its pre-defined acceptance criteria and intended use, and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Determination

MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software submitted in this 510(k) file is substantially equivalent in intended use, principles of operation, safety and performance to the cleared Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) (K203845). Differences between the devices cited in this section do not raise any new issue of substantial equivalence.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substantialequivalencedetermination</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K240303</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K203845</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MetaLite DX DigitalPathology Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips IntelliSite PathologySolution (PIPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JelloX Biotech Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philips Medical SystemsNederland B.V.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QKQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic UseMetaLite DX DigitalPathology Software is asoftware only device intendedfor viewing and managementof digital images of scannedsurgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE)tissue for the purposes of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Philips IntelliSitePathology Solution (PIPS) is anautomated digital slide creation,viewing, and managementsystem. The PIPS is intendedfor in vitro diagnostic use as anaid to the pathologist to reviewand interpret digital images ofsurgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameBoth software aredesigned to view andmanage the digital imageof scanned surgicalpathology slides preparedfrom formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE)tissue.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pathology primary diagnosis.It is an aid to the pathologistto review, interpret andmanage digital images ofpathology slides.MetaLite DX DigitalPathology Software is notintended for use with frozensection, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens.It is the responsibility of aqualified pathologist toemploy appropriateprocedures and safeguards toassure the quality of theimages obtained and, wherenecessary, use conventional</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tissue. The PIPS is not intendedfor use with frozen section,cytology, or non-FFPEhematopathology specimens.The PIPS comprises the ImageManagement System (IMS), theUltra Fast Scanner (UFS) andDisplay. The PIPS is forcreation and viewing of digitalimages of scanned glass slidesthat would otherwise beappropriate for manualvisualization by conventionallight microscopy. It is theresponsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employappropriate procedures andsafeguards to assure the validityof the interpretation of images</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">light microscopy reviewwhen making a diagnosticdecision. MetaLite DXDigital Pathology Software isintended for use with PhilipsUltra Fast Scanner and theBarco MDPC-8127 display.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">obtained using PIPS.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digitized surgical pathologyslides prepared from FFPEtissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology slidesprepared from FFPE tissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image file format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iSyntax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iSyntax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageManipulationFunctions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, colormanipulation function,annotations, and measurements(distance)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, colormanipulation function,annotations, and measurements(distance &amp; area)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarSame image manipulationfunction where subjectdevice only measuresdistance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type ofSoftwareApplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stand-alone software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internet browser-basedapplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentThe difference in softwareapplication does not raise</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">new safety andeffectiveness questions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MetaLite DX DigitalPathology Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS),Image Management System(IMS) and Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentThe subject device cansubstitute the IMS in thepredicate device and thisdoes not raise new safetyand effectiveness questions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images aresuccessfully acquired by usingPhilips IntelliSite PathologySolution Ultra Fast Scanner(PIPS-UFS), the pathologistperforms further QC and readsWSI images of the slides tomake a diagnosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images aresuccessfully acquired by usingPIPS UFS, the WSI images arestored in IMS ApplicationServer &amp; Storage software thatis not provided as part of thePIPS but may be located in acentral server room separatefrom the workstation with theIMS viewing software andDisplay. During review, the</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pathologist opens WSI imagesfrom IMS Server &amp; Storage,perform further QC and readsWSI images of the slides tomake a diagnosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images are stored in the localcomputer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images aresuccessfully acquired by usingPIPS UFS, the WSI images arestored in IMS ApplicationServer &amp; Storage software thatis not provided as part of thePIPS, but may be located in acentral server room separatefrom the workstation with theIMS viewing software andDisplay. During review, thepathologist opens WSI imagesfrom IMS Server &amp; Storage,perform further QC and reads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentNetwork connectivity isnot needed for subjectsoftware to function</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substantialequivalencedetermination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WSI images of the slides tomake a diagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 9. Similarities and Differences

The subject device has similar indications for use/intended use and principle of operation as the predicate device.

There are three differences between the subject device and the predicate device, including the software application, the device component and the image storage.

For the device component, both devices are intended for viewing digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. The display used with subject product is Barco MDPC-8127, which has been confirmed to be substantially equivalent to the PS27QHDCR used in predicate device.

For the software application, the subject device is a stand-alone software, in contrast to the predicate device which operates as an internet browser-based software. The difference does not raise new safety and effectiveness questions.

Conversely, as the subject device does not require internet connectivity, it decreases the risk of vulnerability through the internet. The maintenance for the subject device includes installation and update is conducted by qualified specialist of JelloX Biotech Inc., this also enhances network security.

For the image storage, subject device would store images in local computer without using network to assess image data, compared to cloud storage, it significantly reduces the risk of data breaches.

The subject device has undergone safety and performance tests, and the results complied with the test requests. The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in intended use, principles of operation, safety and performance claims.

# 10. Conclusion

After analyzing non-clinical laboratory studies and safety testing data, it can be concluded that when MetaLite DX Digital Pathology Software is used with the PIPS USF scanner and the Barco MDPC-8127 display, it is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.