Paige.AI, Inc   
Mufaddal Jafferji   
Director of Quality and Compliance   
11 Times Sq, Floor 37   
New York, NY 10036

Re: K241273 Trade/Device Name: FullFocus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole Slide Imaging System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ Dated: May 6, 2024 Received: May 6, 2024

Dear Mufaddal Jafferji:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td></td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Indications for Use</td><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K241273</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>FullFocus</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe) For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

FullFocus is a software intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of pathology slides for primary diagnosis. FullFocus is not intended for use with frozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. FullFocus is intended to be used with the interoperable components specified in the below Table.

Table: Interoperable components of FullFocus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner Output fileformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interoperable Displays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leica Aperio GT 450 DXscanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DICOM, SVS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Dell UP3017Dell U3023EDell U3223QEJVC-Kenwood JD-C240BN01A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hamamatsu NanoZoomerS360MD Slide Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDPI</td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary FullFocus

# Date Prepared: January 8, 2025

# Submitter

Paige.AI, Inc. 11 Times Square, 37th Floor New York, NY 10036

# Contact Person

Mufaddal Jafferji   
Director of Quality and Compliance   
11 Times Square, 37th Floor   
New York, NY 10036   
mufaddal.jafferji@paige.ai   
Phone: (774) 262-3461

# Device

Proprietary Name of the Device:   
Version:   
Classification Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Product Codes:   
Device Class:   
Review Panel:   
Common Name:   
510(k) Number:   
FullFocus   
2.29   
Whole Slide Imaging System   
21 CFR 864.3700   
QKQ   
Class II   
88 – Pathology   
FullFocus   
K241273

# Predicate Devices

Trade name:

1. Aperio GT450X (K232202) Manufacturer: Leica Biosystems Imaging, Inc.   
2. NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system (K213883) Manufacturer: Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.   
Device Class: Class II   
CFR section: 864.3700   
Product code: PSY   
Classification name: Whole Slide Imaging System

# Device Description

FullFocus, version 2.29, is a web-based software-only device that facilitates the viewing and navigating of digitized pathology images of slides prepared from FFPE-tissue specimens acquired from FDA cleared digital pathology scanners on FDA cleared displays. FullFocus renders these digitized pathology images for review, management and navigation for pathology primary diagnosis.

Image acquisition is performed using the intended scanner (s), with the operator conducting quality control on the digital WSI images according to the scanner's instructions for use and lab specifications to determine if re-scans are needed. Please see the Intended Use section and below tables for specifics on scanners and respective displays for clinical use.

Once a whole slide image is acquired using the intended scanner and becomes available in the scanner's database file system, a separate medical image communications software (not part of the device), automatically uploads the image and corresponding metadata to persistent cloud storage. Integrity checks are performed during the upload to ensure data accuracy.

The subject device enables the reading pathologist to open a patient case, view the images, and perform actions such as zooming, panning, measuring distances and areas, and annotating images as needed. After reviewing all images for a case, the pathologist will render a diagnosis.

FullFocus operates with and is validated for use with the FDA cleared components specified in the tables below:

Table 1: Interoperable Components Intended for Use with FullFocus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner Output file format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interoperable Displays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leica Aperio GT 450 DXscanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DICOM, SVS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Dell UP3017Dell U3023EDell U3223QEJVC-Kenw0od JD-C240BN01A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hamamatsu NanoZoomerS360MD Slide Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDPI</td></tr></table>

FullFocus version 2.29 was not validated for the use with images generated with Philips Ultra Fast Scanner.

Table 2: Computer Environment/System Requirements for during the use of FullFocus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum Requirements</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Processor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 CPU, 2 cores, 1.6GHz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 GB RAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Network</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bandwidth of 10Mbps</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  Windows•  macOS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Browser</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•   Google Chrome (129.0.6668.90 or higher)•  Microsoft Edge (129.0.2792.79 or higher)</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use/Indications for Use

FullFocus is a software intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of pathology slides for primary diagnosis. FullFocus is not intended for use with frozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. FullFocus is intended to be used with the interoperable components specified in the below Table.

Table: Interoperable components of FullFocus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner Output fileformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interoperable Displays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leica Aperio GT 450 DXscanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DICOM, SVS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Dell UP3017Dell U3023EDell U3223QEJVC-Kenwood JD-C240BN01A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hamamatsu NanoZoomerS360MD Slide Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDPI</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Technological Characteristics

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Comparison with Predicate (Aperio GT 450X):</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Subject Device (FullFocus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate Device (K232202)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device TradeName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>FullFocus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Aperio GT 450 DX</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Intended Use FullFocus is a software intended for viewing andmanagement of digital images of scanned surgicalpathology slides prepared from formalin-fixedparaffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to thepathologist to review, interpret and manage digitalimages of pathology slides for primary diagnosis.FullFocus is not intended for use with frozensections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens.It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist toemploy appropriate procedures and safeguards toassure the quality of the images obtained and,where necessary, use conventional lightmicroscopy review when making a diagnosticdecision. FullFocus is intended to be used with theinteroperable components specified in the belowTable.Table: Interoperable components of FullFocus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>The Aperio GT 450 DX is an automated digital slide creation andviewing system. The Aperio GT 450 DX is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpretdigital images of surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. The Aperio GT 450 DX isfor creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slidesthat would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization byconventional light microscopy.Aperio GT 450 DX is comprised of the Aperio GT450 DX scanner,which generates images in the Digital Imaging and Communicationsin Medicine (DICOM) and in the ScanScope Virtual Slide (SVS) fileformats, the Aperio WebViewer DX viewer, and the displays. TheAperio GT 450 DX is intended to be used with the interoperablecomponents specified in Table 1.Table 1: Interoperable components of Aperio GT 450 DX</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ScannerHardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ScannerOutputfileformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InteroperableViewingSoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InteroperableDisplays</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ScannerHardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ScannerOutputfileformat</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InteroperableDisplaysDell UP3017</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Aperio GT50 DXscanner</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SVS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AperioWebViewerDX</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Barco MDPC-8127Dell UP3017Dell U3023EDell U3223QE</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=3>Leica Aperio   DICOM,  Dell UP3017GT 450 DX    SVS      Dell U3023Escanner                       Dell U3223QEHamamatsu    NDPI     JVC-KenwoodNanoZoomer                JD-S360MD Slide               C240BN01AScanner</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DICOM,SVS</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Aperio GT450 DXscanner</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SVS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sectra DigitalPathologyModule (3.3)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Dell U3223QE</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HamamatsuNanoZoomerS360MD SlideScanner</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NDPI</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aperio GT450 DXscanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DICOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sectra DigitalPatthologyModule (3.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dell U3223QE</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Digitized surgical pathology slides preparedfrom FFPE tissue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image fileformat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SVS &amp; DICOM - Aperio GT450 DXNDPI - Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MDSlide scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SVS &amp; DICOM</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImageManipulation Functions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Panning, zooming, annotations, andmeasurements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type ofoftwareApplication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Internet browser-based application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceComponents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>FullFocus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Scanner, Webviewer DX, Display</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>End User&#x27;sInterface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>FullFocus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>WebViewer DX, Sectra Digital Pathology Module (3.3)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle ofOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>After WSI images are successfully acquired byusing Aperio GT 450 DX scanner or HamamatsuNanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner, the WSIimages are stored in the cloud. During review, the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>The Aperio GT 450 DX is a WSI system. The technician places theslides into the Aperio GT 450 DX scanner. The Aperio GT 450 DXscanner automatically loads the slides, takes the micro images, findsthe tissues, and scans the slides. The scanner also automatically</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pathologist opens WSI images from storage,perform further QC and reads WSI images of theslides render a diagnosis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>performs quality control (QC) and notifies the user of any imagequality issue during the image acquisition. The image data is sent toend-user-provided image storage attached to the local network. Duringthe review, the pathologist opens WSI images acquired with the WSIscanner from the image storage, performs further QC, and reads WSIimages of the slides to make a diagnosis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImageStorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Images are stored in the cloud</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Images are stored in the end-user provided image storage attached tothe local network</td></tr></table>

# Comparison with Predicate (Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD slide scanner system)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Subject Device (FullFocus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K213883)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device TradeName</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">FullFocus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Intended Use FullFocus is a software intended for viewing and managementof digital images of scanned surgical pathology slidesprepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE)tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret andmanage digital images of pathology slides for primarydiagnosis. FullFocus is not intended for use with frozensections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employappropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality ofthe images obtained and, where necessary, use conventionallight microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision.FullFocus is intended to be used with the interoperablecomponents specified in the below Table.Table: Interoperable components of FullFocus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">The NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system("NanoZoomer System") is an automated digital slidecreation, viewing, and management system. TheNanoZoomer System is intended for in vitro diagnosticuse as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpretdigital images of surgical pathology slides prepared fromformalin-fixed paraffin embedded ("FFPE") tissue. TheNanoZoomer System is not intended for use with frozensection, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens. The NanoZoomer System comprises theNanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner, the NZViewMDSoftware and the JVC Kenwood JDC240BN01A display.The NanoZoomer System is for creation and viewing ofdigital images of scanned glass slides that wouldotherwise be appropriate for manual visualization byconventional light microscopy. It is the responsibility of aqualified pathologist to employ appropriate proceduresand safeguards to assure the validity of the interpretationof images obtained using NanoZoomer System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanner Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ScannerOutput fileformat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InteroperableDisplays</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leica Aperio GT 450DX scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DICOM,SVS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dell UP3017Dell U3023EDell U3223QEJVC-KenwoodJD-C240BN01A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HamamatsuNanoZoomer S360MDSlide Scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDPI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Digitized surgical pathology slides prepared from FFPEtissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image fileformat</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">SVS &amp; DICOM - Aperio GT450 DXNDPI  Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDPI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageManipulation Functions</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Panning, zooming, annotations, and measurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The NZViewMD software provides the user with acontinuous view across the XY plane of the WSI with theability to: View images with continuous panning andzooming, Annotate and bookmark images, Track visitedareas and a software only subsystem with functionality thatincludes the ability to: View images and patient data,Organize workload, Annotate, bookmark, and/or tagimages, Manually score images, Invite and join others for ashared session annotations, Export images to a networkserver, Discrete Z-axis displacement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type ofSoftware</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Internet browser-based application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC-based installed application</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanner, NZViewMD, Display</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">End User'sInterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NZViewMD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After WSI images are successfully acquired by using LeicaAperio GT 450 DX scanner or Hamamatsu NanoZoomerS360MD Slide scanner, the WSI images are stored in thecloud. During review, the pathologist opens WSI imagesfrom storage, perform further QC and reads WSI images ofthe slides render a diagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system("NanoZoomer System") is an automated digital slidecreation, viewing, and management system. TheNanoZoomer System is intended for in vitro diagnostic useas an aid to the pathologist to review and interpret digitalimages of surgical pathology slides prepared fromformalinfixed paraffin embedded ("FFPE") tissue. TheNanoZoomer System is not intended for use with frozensection, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathologyspecimens. The system's embedded image processingsoftware is responsible for image acquisition and theprocessing of individual tiles prior to image composition orstitching. Hamamatsu's NZAcquireMD software organizesall WSI tiles into a single NDPi file, which is a proprietaryfile format. During the review, the pathologist opens theWSI on the NZViewMD software to render a diagnosis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageStorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images are stored in the cloud</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images are stored in the end-user provided image storageattached to the local network</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing Data

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Pixel-wise comparison study was conducted to compare images reproduced by FullFocus,version 2.29, and the comparators (the predicate device's image review manipulationsoftware (IRMS, as defined in FDA guidance document, "Technical PerformanceAssessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Devices" dated April 20, 2016") asdescribed below for the same image file format generated from the same intended usescanner to validate identical image reproduction on the same intended displays.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageFileFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device(Viewer/Browser)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator (Predicatedevice IRMS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Displays</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Leica AperioGT450DXscanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DICOM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus/Chrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sectra UniView/Chrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Dell UP3017Dell U3023EDell U3223QEJVC-KenwoodJD-C240BN01A</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus/Edge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sectra UniView/Edge</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SVS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus/Chrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aperio WebViewerDX/Chrome</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus/Edge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aperio WebViewerDX/Edge</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">HamamatsuNanoZoomerS360MDSlide scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NDPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus/Chrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NZViewMD</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FullFocus/Edge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NZViewMD</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">A total of 30 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue glass slides, representing a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">range of human anatomical sites, were scanned at 40x magnification using both slidescanner systems. The slides scanned with the Leica Aperio GT450 DX scanner were savedin both DICOM and SVS formats, while the slides scanned with the HamamatsuNanoZoomer S360MD Slide Scanner were saved in NDPI format. For each WSI, threeregions of interest (ROIs) were identified to highlight relevant pathological features, asverified by a pathologist. Screenshots of these ROIs were captured at two magnificationlevels (10x and 40x) across multiple displays and browsers as specified in the above table.The testing process ensured comprehensive evaluation across display variations, with allimage pairs registered and cropped for analysis. Every pixel of each screenshot was sampledto calculate the pixel-wise color difference using the CIEDE2000 (∆E00) metric.The acceptance criterion for this testing required that the 95th percentile of the pixel-wisecolor differences in any image pair across all required screenshots be less than 3.0 ΔE00.Test results showed that the 95th percentile of pixelwise differences between FullFocus andthe comparators were less than 3 CIEDE2000, indicating that their output images can beconsidered to be pixel-wise identical. Therefore, FullFocus has been found to visuallyadequately reproduce digital pathology images to human readers with respect to its intendeduse.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turnaroundtime</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">The system requirements have been fulfilled:When selecting a case, it should not take longer than 10 seconds until the image is fullyloaded.When panning and zooming the image it shall not take longer than 7 seconds until theimage is fully loaded.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Measurements</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Measurement accuracy has been verified using a test image containing objects withknown sizes. FullFocus has been found to perform accurate measurements with respect to itsintended use. See the overview of the test results below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptance Criteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Straight LineMeasurement inChrome and Edgebrowsers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Calibration Slide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The 1 mm measured lineshould match the referencevalue exactly 1 mm ± 0mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All measurements comparedto the reference were exactly1 mm, with no error.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Area Measurementin Chrome andEdge browsers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Calibration Slide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The measured area mustmatch the reference areaexactly 0.2 x 0.2 mm for atotal of 0.04 mm² ± 0 mm2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All area measurementscompared to the referencevalue were exactly 0.04mm2,with no error.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ScalebarMeasurement inChrome and Edgebrowsers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Calibration Slide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2mm scalebar is accurate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Tests Passed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanFactorsTesting</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Human factors study designed around critical user tasks and use scenarios performed byrepresentative users were conducted for previously cleared FullFocus, version 1.2.1, inK201005, per FDA guidance "Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering toMedical Devices (2016)". Human factors validation testing is not necessary as the userinterface and workflow remain unchanged.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision of FullFocus to the predicate devices.