Lumea, Inc.   
Emre Gulturk   
Regulatory Consultant 2889 Ashton Blvd #300 Lehi, UT 84043

Re: K242244 Trade/Device Name: Viewer+ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QKQ Dated: July 19, 2024 Received: July 31, 2024

Dear Emre Gulturk:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K242244</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe) For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

Viewer+ is a software only device intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of pathology slides for primary diagnosis. Viewer+ is not intended for use with frozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. Viewer+ is intended for use with Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and BARCO MDPC-8127 display.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# 1. Date of Summary:

# March 11, 2025

2. Submitter: Address:

Lumea, Inc.   
2889 Ashton Blvd #300 Lehi, UT 84043 USA   
+1-612-396-1376   
Emre Gulturk   
emre@lumeadigital.com

Phone: Contact: Email:

3. Identification of the Device: Proprietary/Trade Name: Version: Regulation Description: Review Panel: Product Code: Device Class: 510(k) Submission Number:

Viewer+   
1.0.1   
Whole Slide Imaging System   
88 - Pathology   
QKQ   
Class II   
K242244

# 4. Identification of the Predicate Device:

Predicate Device Name 510(k) Number: Manufacturer: Regulation Number: Product Code: Device Class:

NanoZoomer S360md Slide Scanner System K233027   
Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.   
21 CFR 864.3700   
PSY   
Class II

# 5. Intended Use/Indications for Use:

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

Viewer+ is a software only device intended for viewing and management of digital images of scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. It is an aid to the pathologist to review, interpret and manage digital images of pathology slides for primary diagnosis. Viewer+ is not intended for use with frozen sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the quality of the images obtained and, where necessary, use conventional light microscopy review when making a diagnostic decision. Viewer+ is intended for use with Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and BARCO MDPC-8127 display.

# 6. Device Description:

Viewer+, version 1.0.1, is a web-based software device that facilitates the viewing and navigating of digitized pathology images of slides prepared from FFPE-tissue specimens acquired from Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner and viewed on BARCO MDPC-8127 display. Viewer+ renders these digitized pathology images for review, management, and navigation for pathology primary diagnosis.

Viewer+ is operated as follows:

1. Image acquisition is performed using the NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner according to its Instructions for Use. The operator performs quality control of the digital slides per the instructions of the NanoZoomer and lab specifications to determine if re-scans are necessary.   
2. Once image acquisition is complete and the image becomes available in the scanner’s database file system, a separate medical image communications software (not part of the device) automatically uploads the image and its corresponding metadata to persistent cloud storage. Image and data integrity checks are performed during the upload to ensure data accuracy.   
3. The subject device enables the reading pathologist to open a patient case, view the images, and perform actions such as zooming, panning, measuring distances and areas, and annotating images as needed. After reviewing all images for a case, the pathologist will render a diagnosis.

The interoperable components of Viewer+ and other systems are provided below:

Viewer+ operates with and is validated for use with the components specified the tables below:

Table 1. Interoperable Components for Use with Viewer+   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BARCO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDPC-8127</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Computer Environment/System Requirements   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum Requirements</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Client PC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Processor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  1 CPU•  4 cores•  2.0GHzStandard consumer GPU, such as Intel, AMD, orNVIDIA with 2GB VRAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 GB or more</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Network</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 Mbps or faster (1 Gbps recommended)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingSystem/Browser</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0  Windows (10 or higher) forO  Google Chrome (130.06723.117 or higher)O Microsoft Edge (132.0.2.2849.80 orhigher)O  Mozilla Firefox (132.0.1 or higher)Apple OS (13.7.2 Ventura or higher) forO  Apple Safari (18.1 (20619.2.8.11.10) orhigher)</td></tr></table>

# 7. Summary of Performance Testing

A series of tests were performed to assess the safety and effectiveness of the subject device, Viewer+.

The following performance tests were conducted per FDA guidance “Technical Performance Assessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Device (2016)” and “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices (2016)”.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pixel-wise comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pixel-wise comparison study was conducted to compareimages reproduced by Viewer+ and NZViewMD for the samefile generated from NanoZoomer S360md Slide Scanner tovalidate identical image reproduction. Test results showed thatthe 95th percentile of pixelwise differences between Viewer+and NZViewMD was less than 3 CIEDE2000, indicating thattheir output images are pixel-wise identical. Therefore, it wasdetermined that color images reproduced by Viewer+ werevisually adequate with respect to its intended use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turnaround time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The turnaround time of opening, panning and zooming animage has been determined and found to be adequate for theintended use of the subject device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement accuracy has been verified using scannedimages of the biological slides. Viewer+ has been found toperform accurate measurements with respect to its intendeduse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Usability testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The usability test was conducted per FDA guidance &quot;ApplyingHuman Factors and Usability Engineering to MedicalDevices (2016)&quot;. The test result demonstrated that the subjectdevice has been found to be safe and effective for the intendedusers, uses, and use environments.</td></tr></table>

All test results demonstrate Viewer+ meets the requirements of its pre-defined acceptance criteria and intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Determination

Viewer+ submitted in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ file is substantially equivalent in intended use, principles of operation, safety and performance to the cleared NanoZoomer S360md slide scanner system (K233027). Differences between the devices cited in this section do not raise any new issue of substantial equivalence.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp;PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K242244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K233027</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubstantialEquivalenceDetermination</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device TradeName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NanoZoomer S360MDSlide scanner system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicSimilarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro DiagnosticUseViewer+ is a softwareonly device intended forviewing and managementof digital images ofscanned surgicalpathology slides preparedfrom formalin-fixedparaffin embedded(FFPE) tissue. It is an aidto the pathologist toreview, interpret andmanage digital images ofpathology slides forprimary diagnosis.Viewer+ is not intendedfor use with frozensections, cytology, ornon-FFPEhematopathologyspecimens.It is the responsibility ofa qualified pathologist toemploy appropriateprocedures and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">The NanoZoomerS360MD Slide scannersystem ("NanoZoomerSystem") is an automateddigital slide creation,viewing, and managementsystem. The NanoZoomerSystem is intended for invitro diagnostic use as anaid to the pathologist toreview and interpretdigital images of surgicalpathology slides preparedfrom formalin-fixedparaffin embedded("FFPE") tissue. TheNanoZoomer System isnot intended for use withfrozen section, cytology,or non-FFPEhematopathologyspecimens.The NanoZoomer Systemcomprises theNanoZoomer S360MDSlide scanner, theNZViewMD Software anda compatible display thathas been 510(k) clearedfor use with theNanoZoomer system or a510(k)-cleared display thathas been assessed inaccordance with thePredetermined ChangeControl Plan (PCCP) forqualifying additional</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">SameBoth software aredesigned to viewand manage thedigital image ofscanned surgicalpathology slidesprepared fromformalin-fixedparaffinembedded(FFPE) tissue.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">safeguards to assure thequality of the imagesobtained and, wherenecessary, useconventional lightmicroscopy review whenmaking a diagnosticdecision. Viewer+ is</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for use withHamamatsu</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E</td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp;PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K242244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K233027</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubstantialEquivalenceDetermination</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NanoZoomer S360MDSlide scanner andBARCO MDPC-8127display.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">compatible displays. TheNanoZoomer System isfor creation and viewingof digital images ofscanned glass slides thatwould otherwise beappropriate for manualvisualization byconventional lightmicroscopy. It is theresponsibility of aqualified pathologist toemploy appropriateprocedures and safeguardsto assure the validity ofthe interpretation ofimages obtained usingNanoZoomer System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology slidesprepared from FFPEtissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surgical pathology slidesprepared from FFPE tissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiagnosticImage FileFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hamamatsu NDPI File</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hamamatsu NDPI File</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User-supplied networkattached storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicDifferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageManipulationand ReviewFunctions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functions for continuouspanning and zooming,annotations, imageadjustments,distance/areameasurements, organizeworkload and viewpatient data, exportimages, and display ofdiagnostic status ofimages.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functions for continuouspanning and zooming,annotations, distance/areameasurements, trackvisited areas, exportimages, discrete Z-axisdisplacement, and displayof diagnostic status ofimages.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarSame imagemanipulationfunction wheresubject deviceonly measuresdistance/area</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type ofSoftwareApplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internet browser-basedapplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC-based installedapplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp;PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K242244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K233027</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubstantialEquivalenceDetermination</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The difference insoftwareapplication doesnot raise newsafety andeffectivenessquestions</td></tr></table>

# 9. Similarities and Differences

The subject device has similar indications for use/intended use and principle of operation as the predicate device.

There are differences between the subject device and the predicate device, including the software application, the device component and the image storage.

For the software application, the predicate device is a PC-based software, in contrast to the subject device which operates as an internet browser-based software. The difference does not raise new safety and effectiveness questions.

The subject device has undergone safety and performance tests, and the results complied with the test requests. The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in intended use, principles of operation, safety and performance claims.

# 10. Conclusion

After analyzing non-clinical laboratory studies and safety testing data, it can be concluded that when Viewer+ is used with the NanoZoomer S360md scanner and the Barco MDPC8127 display, it is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.