Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.   
Donna Peled   
Head of Regulatory Affairs - Clinical Informatics Veenpluis 6   
Best, 5684 PC   
Netherlands

Re: K243871 Trade/Device Name: Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution 5.1 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700 Regulation Name: Whole slide imaging system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSY Dated: December 17, 2024 Received: December 17, 2024

Dear Donna Peled:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Shyam Kalavar -S

Shyam Kalavar   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution 5.1

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) 5.1 is an automated digital slide creation, viewing, and management system. The PIPS 5.1 is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpret digital images of surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. The PIPS 5.1 is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

The PIPS 5.1 comprises the Image Management System (IMS) 4.2, Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS), Pathology Scanner SG20, Pathology Scanner SG60, Pathology Scanner SG300 and Philips PP27QHD display, a Beacon C411W display or a Barco MDCC-4430 display. The PIPS 5.1 is for creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slides that would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization by conventional light microscopy. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the validity of the interpretation of images obtained using PIPS 5.1.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance with 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# 1.1 General information

March 05, 2025

# 1.1.1 Company identification

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V. Veenpluis 6   
5684 PC Best   
The Netherlands   
Registration number: 3012563754

# 1.1.2 Contact Person

Donna Peled   
Head of Regulatory Affairs - Clinical Informatics   
Digital & Computational Pathology   
Phone: +972-52-6145353   
Email: donna.peled@philips.com

# 1.1.3 Identification of the device and classification

Device trade name: Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution 5.1   
510(k) number: K243871   
Device Class: Class II   
Classification regulation: 864.3700   
Product code: PSY   
Classification name: Whole Slide Imaging System   
Classification panel: Pathology

# 1.1.4 Legally marketed predicate devices to which substantial equivalence is claimed

Device trade name: Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution 5.1   
510(k) number: K242848   
Device Class: Class II   
CFR section: 864.3700   
Product code PSY   
Classification name: Whole Slide Imaging System   
Classification panel: Pathology

# 1.2 Device description

The Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) 5.1 is an automated digital slide creation, viewing, and management system. PIPS 5.1 consists of two subsystems and a display component:

1. A scanner in any combination of the following scanner models • Ultra Fast Scanner (UFS) Pathology Scanner SG with different versions for varying slide capacity Pathology Scanner SG20, Pathology Scanner SG60, Pathology Scanner SG300

2. Image Management System (IMS) 4.2

3. Clinical display • PP27QHD or C411W or MDCC-4430

PIPS 5.1 is for creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slides that would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization by conventional light microscopy. The PIPS does not include any automated image analysis applications that would constitute computer aided detection or diagnosis. The pathologists only view the scanned images and utilize the image review manipulation software in the PIPS 5.1.

# 1.2.1 Intended use

Compared to the predicate device the Intended Use / Indications for Use statement of the subject device has been updated to reflect the new Barco MDCC-4430 display. The Intended use remains unchanged.

The Philips IntelliSite Pathology Solution (PIPS) 5.1 is an automated digital slide creation, viewing, and management system. The PIPS 5.1 is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist to review and interpret digital images of surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue. The PIPS 5.1 is not intended for use with frozen section, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

The PIPS 5.1 comprises the Image Management System (IMS) 4.2, Ultra-Fast Scanner (UFS), Pathology Scanner SG20, Pathology Scanner SG60, Pathology Scanner SG300 and Philips PP27QHD display, a Beacon C411W display or a Barco MDCC-4430 display. The PIPS 5.1 is for creation and viewing of digital images of scanned glass slides that would otherwise be appropriate for manual visualization by conventional light microscopy. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate procedures and safeguards to assure the validity of the interpretation of images obtained using PIPS 5.1.

# 1.2.2 Comparison of technological characteristics with the predicate device

The proposed device has the same technological characteristics compared to the predicate device, with the exception of the following minor modification implemented in the proposed device: Introduction of a new clinical display, MDCC-4430, as an alternative option for the predicate display, PP27QHD.

The proposed device will employ display MDCC-4430 from manufacturer Barco as an option for the current predicate display. The new display has similar technological characteristics and pixel resolution as compared to the predicate device. Table 1.1 below describes the modified technological characteristics for the new display in accordance with FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff entitled, “Technical Performance Assessment of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Devices” (hereafter referred to as TPA Guidance), dated April 20, 2016.

Other TPA guidance items related to the display are not impacted by the new display and remain identical to the predicate device.

Table 1.1 Modified technological characteristics for the display   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">TPA Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicatedevice(K242848)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subjectdevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion on substantialequivalence</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Technologicalcharacteristicsof the displaydevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color LCD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">unchanged</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Substantially equivalent:The minor difference in thephysical display size is aminor change and does notraise any questions of safetyor effectiveness.Conclusion: The proposedand predicate device areconsidered substantiallyequivalent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barco N.V.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IPStechnologywith a-SiThin FilmTransistor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physicaldisplay size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">648.5 mm x423 mm x91.3 mm(withbacklightdisc)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">714 mm x478 mm x 74mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Physical sizeof theviewable areaand aspectratio</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Activedisplay area</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">596.74 mmx 355.66mm(27.0 inchdiagonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">655 mm x410 mm(30.4 inchdiagonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substantially equivalent:The slightly higher viewablearea for the new display withrespect to the predicatedevice is a minor change.Verification testing confirmsthat the image quality of thedisplay is equivalent to thepredicate device.Conclusion: This changedoes not raise any newconcerns on safety andeffectiveness. The proposedand predicate device areconsidered substantiallyequivalent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspect ratio</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16:9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16:10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pixel array,pitch,pixel apertureratio andsubpixel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2560 x 1440pixels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2560 x 1600pixels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substantially equivalent:The slightly higher resolutionand pixel size for the newdisplay with respect to thepredicate device is a minor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pixel Pitch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2331 mmX 0.2331mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.256 mm x0.256 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">matrixscheme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">change. Verification testingconfirms that the imagequality is equivalent to thepredicate device.Conclusion: This changedoes not raise any newconcerns on safety andeffectiveness. The proposedand predicate device areconsidered substantiallyequivalent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Colorcalibrationtools (sensorhardware andassociatedsoftware)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrationsoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MediCalQAWebAgentsoftwareversion1.13.12installed ontheworkstation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QAWebEnterpriseversion2.14.0installed ontheworkstation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substantially equivalent:The new display employsdifferent calibration softwarein comparison with thepredicate device. Thecalibration method (via builtin front sensor), calibrationtargets and frequency ofquality control tests remainsunchanged.Conclusion: This changedoes not raise any newconcerns on safety andeffectiveness. The proposedand predicate device areconsidered substantiallyequivalent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrationhardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Build in frontsensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 1.3 Summary of non-clinical performance data

Non-clinical performance testing was performed on the display of the proposed device and demonstrates compliance with the following international and FDA-recognized consensus standards:

IEC 60601-1 Edition 3.2 (2020) Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General requirements for basic safety and essential performance IEC 60601-1-6 (4th Ed) Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-6: General requirements for basic safety and essential performance - Collateral Standard: Usability IEC 62471:2006 Photobiological safety of lamps and lamp systems ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices

Following the TPA guidance, the below mentioned sub-set of tests were performed to verify that the technological characteristics of the display were not affected by the new panel.

Spatial resolution   
• Pixel defects   
• Artifacts   
• Temporal response   
• Maximum and minimum luminance   
• Grayscale   
• Luminance uniformity   
• Stability of luminance and chromaticity • Bidirectional reflection distribution function • Gray tracking   
• Color scale response   
Color gamut volume.

In addition, the existing functional, safety and system integration requirements related to the display were verified.

# Conclusion:

The verification for the new display showed that the proposed device has similar technological characteristics compared to the predicate device following the TPA guidance and is in compliance with aforementioned international and FDA-recognized consensus standards. Verification and validation of the existing safety, user and system integration requirements showed that the proposed PIPS 5.1 with the new clinical display is safe and effective. The proposed device conforms to its intended use and user needs. Therefore, the proposed device with the new clinical display is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety and effectiveness.

# 1.4 Summary of clinical performance data

The proposed device with the new display did not require clinical performance data since substantial equivalence to the currently marketed predicate device was demonstrated with the following attributes:

Intended Use / Indications for Use, • Technological characteristics, Non-clinical performance testing, and Safety and effectiveness

These attributes demonstrated that the clinical performance of the modified device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 1.5 Conclusion

The proposed PIPS 5.1 with a new clinical display as option for the current display is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of Intended Use/Indications for Use, technological characteristics, and safety and effectiveness.

The change of the display of the proposed device is within the controls and predetermined specifications. Additionally, non-clinical performance tests (bench testing) ensured that the modifications are properly introduced. These tests were used to support substantial equivalence of the proposed device and demonstrated that it is as safe and effective as its predicate device without raising any new safety and/or effectiveness concerns.