# SEP - 8 2006

EUROIMMUN US, LLC c/o Ms. Kathryn Kohl Managing Director Tek Campus of Morris County 429 Rockaway Valley Rd. U1200 Boonton TWP, NJ 07005

Re: k060700 Trade/Device Name: EUROIMMUN anti-Proteinase 3 (PR3) ELISA IgG and EUROIMMUN anti-Myeloperoxidase (MPO) ELISA IgG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5660 Regulation Name: Multiple Autoantibodies Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MOB Dated: March 10, 2006 Received: March 15, 2006

Dear Ms. Kohl:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

mane Dan for to Rotet Beck

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

ATTACHMENT 1

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number (if known): k060700

Device Name:

Anti-Proteinase 3 (PR3) ELISA IgG

Indications For Use:

This test kit is designed for the determination of anti-proteinase 3 antibodies (PR3) in human serum and plasma. This test is used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis and other autoimmune vasculitides, in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (OIVD)

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number (if known): k060700

Device Name: Anti-Myeloperoxidase (MPO) ELISA IgG

Indications For Use:

This test kit is designed for the determination of anti-myeloperoxidase antibodies (MPO) in human serum and plasma. This test is used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of microscopic polyangitis, Churg-Strauss syndrome and other autoimmune vasculitides, in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (OIVD)