NOV 2 0 2006

# 510(k) Executive Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Submitter Medicon Hellas S.A. Name, address, 5-7 Melitona St. Contact Gerakas, Attiki 153 44 GREECE

Contact Person: George Psichas +30210-6606140

Date Prepared: July 12, 2006

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Medicon Ferritin - LATEX

Common name: Ferritin Reagent

Classification name: Ferritin Immunological Test

# Device Description

The Ferritin - LATEX is an immunoturbidimetric assay. When serum or plasma specimen is mixed with the appropriate buffer and latex particles coated with anti-feritin antibodies (R2), ferritin reacts with the antibodies leading to agglutination of latex particles. This agglutination is detected as turbidity change (600 nm) and it is proportional to ferritin concentration in the sample.

Reagent Composition:   

<table><tr><td>Reagent</td><td>Components</td></tr><tr><td>R1</td><td>120 mM Tris buffer pH=8.2 Accelerator Surfactant Stabilizers Preservatives</td></tr><tr><td>R2</td><td>Latex particles coated with rabbit anti- human ferritin in 20 mM Tris buffer Preservatives</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">pH=8.4 Stabilizers</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

Kit Format:   

<table><tr><td>Cat No.</td><td>Quantity</td><td>Storage</td></tr><tr><td>1418-0270</td><td>4x6 ml R1+4x1.25ml R2</td><td>2-8</td></tr><tr><td>1418-0279</td><td>4x24ml R1+4 x 5ml R2</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Intended use

In vitro diagnostic reagent intended for the determination of Ferritin in human serum and plasma using Olympus AU 400/600/640 automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

# Indications For Use

Medicon Ferritin -LATEX reagent is for the determination of Ferritin in human serum and plasma using automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The measurement of ferritin may aid in the diagnosis of diseases affecting iron metabolism.

# Substantial Equivalance

The Ferrtin - LATEX is substantially equivalent to other devices lyarkn nit StatWe ca uival the Olympus Ferritin Reagent (K030124). Both products are intended for use in the quantitative determination of Ferritin Olympus AU 400/600/640 automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

Substantial equivalenceSimilarities

The following table compares the Medicon Ferritin - LATEX with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ferritin - LATEX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ferritin(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic reagentintended for the determination ofFerritin in human serum andplasma using Olympus AU400/600/640 automated clinicalchemistry analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic reagentintended for thedetermination of Ferritin inhuman serum usingautomated Olympus clinicalchemistry analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medicon Ferritin -LATEX reagentis for the determination oFerritin in human serum andplasma using automated clinicalchemistry analyzers.The measurement of ferritin mayaid in the diagnosis of diseasesaffecting iron metabolism.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent for the determinationof ferritin concentrations inhuman serum using Olympusfamily of clinical chemistryanalyzers.Serum ferritin is an indicatorof body iron stores: it hasbeen shown to correlate withstainable bone marrow iron.Measurements of ferritin aidin the diagnosis of diseasesaffecting iron metabolism,such as hemochromatosis(iron overload) and irondeficiency anemia.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Particle enhancedImmunoturbidometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Particle enhancedImmunoturbidometric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus Clinical ChemistryAnalyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus Clinical ChemistryAnalyzers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Final reactive ingredients:Tris Buffer pH: 8.2Latex particles coated with rabbitanti-human ferritinPreservative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Final reactive ingredients:Tris Buffer pH: 8.2Latex particles coated withrabbit anti-human ferritinPreservative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus Serum Protein Multi-Calibrator ODR3021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus Serum ProteinMulti-Calibrator ODR3021</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus ITA Control Sera,ODC0014, ODC 0015, ODC 0016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus ITA Control Sera,ODC0014, ODC 0015, ODC0016</td></tr></table>

Substantial equivalenceSimilarities

The following table compares the Ferrtin - LATEX with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin - LATEX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board: 30 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board: 30 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After each lot and 14 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After each lot and 14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the 3International Standard for ferritin,Recombinant NBSC code:94/572.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the International Standard forferritin, Recombinant NBSCcode:94/572</td></tr></table>

Substantial equivalencedifferences

The following table compares the Ferritin - LATEX with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin - LATEX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 -450 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 -450 μg/l</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Intervals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum / Plasma:Infants - 1 month: 6-400 ng/ml1 month - 6 months: 6-410 ng/ml6 months - 12 months: 680ng/ml1 year - 5 years: 660 ng/ml6 years - 19 years: 6-320 ng/mladult men: 20-250 ng/mladult women: 20-200 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum:New born infants - 6 months:25- 200μg/l6 months - 15 years:7-142 μg/lAdult male: 20-300μg/Adult female: 10-120μg/l</td></tr></table>

Substantial equivalencePerformance Characteristics

The performance characteristics of the Ferritin-LATEX and the predicate device are compared in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ferritin - LATEX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ferritin(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within run CV3.20% @ 38.0 ng/ml1.31% @ 108.1 ng/ml0.99% @ 224.1 ng/mlTotal CV3.94% @ 38.0 ng/ml1.62% @ 108.1 ng/ml1.43% @ 224.1 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within run CV2.25% @ 40.0 ng/ml2.00% @ 101 ng/ml1.25% @ 383 ng/mlTotal CV3.43% @ 40.0 ng/ml2.81% @ 101 ng/ml2.12% @ 383 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical sensitivity(LDL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 - 450 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0 - 450 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear regression analysis:Ferritin-LATEX v.s. commerciallyavailable ferritin assay on patientserum samplesy= 1,0016x+4,3849R= 0.9958Ferritin-LATEX between patientserum and EDTA plasmay= 0,9847x - 1.1275R= 0.9987Ferritin-LATEX between patientserum and Li-Heparine plasmay= 0,9778x + 1.2886R= 0.9988</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear regression analysis:Predicate device v.s.commercially available ferritinassay on patient serumsamplesy= 0,964x-2,549R= 0.995</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemolysis: Less than5% up to500 mg/dlhemoglobin.Lipemic: Less than 10%up to 400mg/ILIntralipid®.Icterus: Less than 5% upto 20mg/dl bilirubin.Rheumatoid Factor: Lessthan 5% up to 900 1U/mlRF.Ascorbic acid: Less than5% up to 3 mg/dl ascorbicacid.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemolysis: Lessthan 10% up to 5 g/Lhemoglobin.Lipemic: Less than10% up to 400mg/dLIntralipid®.Icterus: Less than 5%up to 40mg/dL or 684μmol/l bilirubin.Rheumatoid Factor:Less than 5% up to500 IU/ml RF.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prozone Effect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hook effect observed up to10000 ng/ml.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No hook effect observed upto 5000 ng/ml.</td></tr></table>

Food and Drug Administration 2098 Gaither Road Rockville MD 20850

Mecicon Hellas S.A. c/o Mr. Daniel W. Lehtonen 2307 East Aurora Road Twinsburg, OH 44087

# NOV 20 2006

Rc: k062746 Trade/Device Name: Medicon Ferritin-LATEX Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5340 Regulation Name: Ferritin Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DBF Dated: September 13, 2006 Received: September 14, 2006

Dear Mr. Lchtonen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of thc Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device s classifid (seeabove) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally

Page 2 -

marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labcling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

mana I han fr Dr Robnt Bed

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if Known): K062746

Device Name: Medicon Ferritin - LATEX

Indications for Use:

Medicon Ferritin -LATEX reagent is for the determination of Ferritin in human serum and plasma using automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The measurement of ferritin may aid in the diagnosis of diseases affecting iron metabolism.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K062746