# 510(k) Summary for Dimension Vista" STFR Flex® reagent cartridge Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L, M and H

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Teas K 60 33 ep

1. Manufacturer's Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation:

Manufacturer:

Dade Behring Marburg GmbH Emil-von-Behring Str. 76 35041 Marburg, Germany

# Contact Information:

Dade Behring Inc.   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, Delaware 19714-6101 Attn: Kathleen Dray-Lyons   
Tel: 781-826-4551   
Fax: 781-826-2497

Preparation date: December 7, 2006

2. Device Name:

Dimension VistaT Fle® reagent ca Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control M Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control H

Classification: \* Product Code: Panel:

Class II; Class II; Class I   
DDG; JIX; JJY   
Immunology (82) and Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Identification of the Legally Marketed Devices:

Dade Behring N Latex sTFR- K053072   
Dade Behring N Protein Standard SL - K012470   
Dade Behring N/T Protein Control SL - K012468

# 4. Device Descriptions:

# Dimension Vista" STFR $F l e x ^ { \otimes }$ reagent cartridge

Polystyrene particles coated with monoclonal antibodies specific to human soluble transferrin receptor are aggregated when mixed with samples containing soluble transferrin receptor. These aggregates scatter a beam of light passed through the sample. The intensity of the scattered light is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator

Protein 1 Calibrator is a multi-analyte, liquid, human serum based product containing C3 Complement, C4 Complement, immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), munogobulin  (IGM) and prealbumin REALB)and Soluble Transferrn Receptor (STFR).

Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L, M and H

Protein 1 Control L, M and H are multi-analyte, iquid, human serum based products containing C3 complement, C4 complement, immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (iGM) and prealbumin (PREALB) and soluble transferrin receptor (STFR).

# 5. Device Intended Uses:

Dmsion Vis Flex®gnt a

The STFR method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of soluble transerrin receptor in human serum and heparinized plasma on he Dimension Vista System. Measurements of soluble transferrin receptor aid in the diagnosis of malnutrition, acute inflammation, infection, and iron deficiency anemia.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator:

PROT1 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), Immunoglobulin A (IGA), Immunoglobulin G (IGG), Immunoglobulin M (IGM), Prealbumin (PREALB) and Soluble Transferrin Receptor (STFR), methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

Dimension Vista Protein 1 Control L, M and H:

PROT1 CON L, M and H are assayed intralaboratory quality controls for assessment of precision and analytical bias in the determination of C3 complement (C3), C4 complement (C4), immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM), prealbumin (PREALB) and soluble transferrin receptor (STFR) on the Dimension Vista® System.

6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed and comparison information:

The Dimension Vista" STFR assay, like Dade Behring N Latex sTfR is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of soluble transferrin receptor in human serum and plasma.

# 7. Device Performance Characteristics:

The Dimension Vista" STFR assay was compared to the Dade Behring N Late T assay on the BN ProSpec® System by evaluating serum and plasma samples with

concentrations ranging from $0 . 2 1 m g / L$ to $4 . 1 3 \mathsf { m g / L }$ Regression analysis of these results yielded the following equation.

Method Comparison Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparative Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interceptmg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Latex sTFR on the BNProSpec® System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusion:

These studies demonstrate correlation and equivalent performance between the Dade Behring N Latex sTfR assay and the Dimension Vista" STFR assay.

# MAR 2 1 2007

Ms. Kathleen A. Dray-Lyons   
Regulatory Affairs & Compliance Manager Dade Behring Inc.   
PO Box 6101, M/S 514   
Newark DE 19714- 6101

Re: k063663 Trade/Device Name: Dimension VistaTM STFR $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Reagent Cartridge Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Control L Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Control M Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Control H Regulation Number: 21 CFR§866.5880 Regulation Name: Transferrin Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DDJ, JIX, JJY Dated: February 12, 2007 Received: February 15, 2007

Dear Ms. Dray-Lyons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications Statement

# Device Name:

Dimension Vis Flex® eant ar Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control M Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control H

Indications for Use:

Dimension Vista™ STFR $F l e x ^ { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge.

The STFR method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of soluble transferrin receptor in human serum and heparinized plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of soluble transferrin receptor aid in the diagnosis of malnutrition, acute inflammation, infection, and iron deficiency anemia.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator

PROT1 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), Immunoglobulin A (IGA), Immunoglobulin G (IGG), Immunoglobulin M (IGM), Prealbumin (PREALB) and Soluble Transferrin Receptor (STFR) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L, M and H PROT1 CON L, M and H are assayed intralaboratory quality controls for assessment of precision and analytical bias in the determination of C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM), prealbumin (PREALB) and Soluble Transferrin Receptor (STFR) on the Dimension Vista® System.

Prescription Use (Per 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter-Use (21 CFR 801)