# 510(k) Summary for Dimension Vista AAT Flex® reagent cartridge Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L, M and H

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( k )$ number is: 06361D

1. Manufacturer's Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation:

Manufacturer:

Dade Behring Marburg GmbH Emil-von-Behring Str. 76 35041 Marburg, Germany

# Contact Information:

Dade Behring Inc.   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, Delaware 19714-6101 Attn: Kathleen Dray-Lyons   
Tel: 781-826-4551   
Fax: 781-826-2497

Preparation date: December 20, 2006

2.

Device Name:

mion iATFle Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control L Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control M Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control H

Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Class II; Class II; Class I   
DEM; JIX; JJY   
Immunology (82) and Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Identification of the Legally Marketed Devices:

Dade Behring N Antisera to Human α1-Antitrypsin- K053072   
Dade Behring N Protein Standard SL - K012470   
Dade Behring N/T Protein Control SL - K012468

# 4. Device Descriptions:

# Dimension Vist A1AT Flex reagent car

Proteins contained in human body fluids form immune complexes in an immunochemical reaction with specific antibodies. These complexes scatter a beam of light passed through the sample. The intensity of the scattered light is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator

Protein 1 Calibrator is a multi-analyte, liquid, human serum based product containing a1- antitrypsin (A1AT), C3 complement, C4 complement, immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM) and prealbumin (PREALB).

Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L, M and H

Protein 1 Control L, M and H are multi-analyte, liquid, human serum based products containing a1-antitrypsin (A1AT), C3 complement, C4 complement, immunoglobutin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM) and prealbumin (PREALB).

# 5. Device Intended Uses:

Dimension Vista" A1AT ${ \pmb { F } } | { \pmb { \circ } } { \pmb { x } } ^ { \otimes }$ reagent cartridge:

The A1AT method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination ${ \tt G } _ { 1 }$ - antitrypsin in human serum, heparinized plasma or EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of ${ \tt a } _ { 1 }$ antitrypsin aid in the diagnosis of cirrhosis of the liver and pulmonary emphysema.

# Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator:

PROT1 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the ${ \mathfrak { a } } _ { 1 }$ -antitrypsin (A1AT), C3 complement (C3), C4 complement (C4), Immunoglobulin A (IGA), Immunoglobulin G (IGG), Immunoglobulin M (IGM) and Prealbumin (PREALB) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

Dimension Vista™ Protein 1 Control L, M and H:

PROT1 CON L, M and H are assayed intralaboratory quality controls for assessment of precision and analytical bias in the determination of a1-antitrypsin (A1AT), C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM) and prealbumin (PREALB)on the Dimension Vista® System.

6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed and comparison information:

The Dimension Vista" A1AT assay, Iike Dade Behring N Antisera to Human α1- Antitrypsin is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of a1-antitrypsin in human serum and plasma.

# 7. Device Performance Characteristics:

The Dimension Vista" A1AT assay was compared to the Dade Behring N Antisera to Human a1-antitrypsin assay on the BN ProSpec® System by evaluating serum and plasma samples with concentrations ranging from $0 . 2 3 \ : 9 1 L$ to $4 . 7 1 g / L$ .Regression analysis of these results yielded the following equation.

Method Comparison Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparative Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interceptg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Antisera to Humanα-Antitrypsin BNProSpec®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusion:

These studies demonstrate correlation and equivalent performance between the Dade Behring N Antisera to Human ${ \mathfrak { a } } _ { 1 }$ Antitrypsin assay and the Dimension Vista" A1AT assay.

Dade Behring, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Kathleen Dray-Lyons JAN 1 1 2007 Manager, Regulatory Affairs and Compliance   
Glasgow Site   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, DE 19714

Re: k063610 Trade/Device Name: Dimension VistaTM A1AT Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Reagent Cartridge Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Control L Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Control M Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Control H Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5130 Regulation Name: Alpha-1-Antitrypsin Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DEM, JIX, JJY Dated: December 1, 2006 Received: December 4, 2006

Dear Ms. Dray-Lyons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807);

Page 2 -

labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, mane Char for Dr Robet Becken

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications Statement K063610

# Device Name:

Dimension Vista™ A1AT Flex® reagent cartridge Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control L Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control M Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control H

Indications for Use:

Dimension Vista™ A1AT $\mathsf { F l e x } ^ { \mathfrak { Q } }$ reagent cartridge:

The A1AT method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of ${ \tt G } _ { 1 }$ -antitrypsin in human serum, heparinized plasma or EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of ${ \mathfrak { a } } _ { 1 }$ antitrypsin aidin the diagnoss cirrhosis of the liver and pulmonary emphysema.

# Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator

PROT1 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the α1- antitrypsin (A1AT), C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), Immunoglobulin A (IGA), Immunoglobulin G (IGG), Immunoglobulin M (IGM), and Prealbumin (PREALB) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

# Dimension Vista™ Protein 1 Control L, M and H

PROT1 CON L, M and H are assayed intralaboratory quality controls for assessment of precision and analytical bias in the determination of a1-antitrypsin (A1AT), C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM), and prealbumin (PREALB) on the Dimension Vista® System.

Prescription Use _ X (Per 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)