Dade Behring Inc. Dimension Vista B2MIC 510(k) Notification

# Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control M and H

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness inormation isbeng ubmitte  accorance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The asignd 1(Kol327

1. Manufacturer's Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation:

Manufacturer:

Dade Behring Marburg GmbH Emil-von-Behring Str. 76 35001 Marburg, Germany

# Contact Information:

Dade Behring Inc.   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, Delaware 19714-6101 Attn: Kathleen Dray-Lyons   
Tel: 781-826-4551   
Fax: 781-826-2497

Preparation date:

2. Device Name:

Dmsion VisBIC Fle t Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control M Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control H

Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Class II; Class II; Class I   
JZG; JIX; JJY   
Immunology (82) and Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Identification of the Legally Marketed Device:

Dade Behring N Latex $\beta _ { 2 }$ -Microglobulin - K002731   
Dade Behring N Protein Standard SL - K012470   
Dade Behring N/T Protein Control SL - K012468

# 4. Device Description:

# Dimension Vista™" B2MIC Flex® reagent cartridge

Polystyrene particles coated with specific antibodies to human $\beta _ { 2 }$ -microglobulin are aggregated when mixed with samples containing human $\beta _ { 2 }$ -microglobulin. These aggregates scatter a beam of light passed through the sample. The intensity of the scattered light is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator

Protein 1 Calibrator is a multi-analyte, liquid, human serum based product containing $\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { - }$ EY microglobulin C3 complement, C4 complement, immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM), and prealbumin / transthyretin (PREALB).

# Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control M and H

Protein 1 Control M and H are multi-analyte, liquid, human serum based products containing $\beta _ { 2 }$ -microglobulin C3 complement, C4 complement, immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM), and prealbumin / transthyretin (PREALB).

# 5. Device Intended Use:

# Dimension Vista" B2MIC $\mathsf { F l e x } ^ { \mathfrak { o } }$ reagent cartridge:

The B2MIC method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of $\beta _ { 2 ^ { - } }$ G microglobulin in human serum, or heparinized or EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista System. Measuresments of $\beta _ { 2 }$ -microglobulin aid in the diagnosis of renal dysfunction.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator:

PROT1 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the $\beta _ { 2 }$ -microglobulin (B2MIC), C3 complement (C3), C4 complement (C4), Immunoglobulin A (IGA), Immunoglobulin G (IGG), Immunoglobulin M (IGM) and Prealbumin / Transthyretin (PREALB) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control M and H:

PROT1 CON M and H are assayed intralaboratory quality controls for assessment of precision and analytical bias in the determination of $\beta _ { 2 }$ -microglobulin (B2MIC), C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM) and prealbumin / transthyretin (PREALB) on the Dimension Vista® System.

# 6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed and comparison information:

The Dimension Vista" B2MIC $F l e x ^ { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge, Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator and Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control M and H are substantially equivalent to the Dade Behring N Latex $\beta _ { 2 }$ -Microglobulin assay (K002731), N Protein Standard SL (K012470), and N/T Protein Control SL (K012468), respectively.

# 7. Device Performance Characteristics:

The Dimension Vista™" B2MIC assay was compared to the Dade Behring N Latex $\beta _ { 2 } .$ . Microglobulin assay on the BN ProSpec® System by evaluating serum and plasma samples with concentrations ranging from 0.81 to 21.94 mg/L. Regression analysis of these results yielded the following equation:

Method Comparison Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparative Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Latex β2-Microglobulinon BN ProSpec® System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusion:

These studies demonstrate correlation and equivalent performance between the Dade Behring N Latex $\beta _ { 2 }$ -Microglobulin assay and the Dimension Vista" B2MIC assay.

000099

Dade Behring Inc.   
c/o Ms. Kathleen Dray-Lyons   
Regulatory Affairs and Compliance Manager Glasgow Site   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k063272 Trade/Device Name: Dimension VistaTM B2MIC Flex® reagent cartridge Dimension Vista™M Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension VistaTM Protein 1 Control M Dimension VistarM Protein 1 Control H Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5630 Regulation Name: Beta-2-Microglobulin Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JZG, JIX, JJY Dated: December 20, 2006 Received: December 26, 2006

Dear Ms. Dray-Lyons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either classII (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2 -

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications Statement

$$
1 0 0 3 \lambda 7 2
$$

# Device Name:

Dimension Vista™ "BICFle®e r Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Calibrator Dimension Vista" Protein 1 Control M Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control H

Indications for Use:

Dimension Vista" B2MIC $F l e x ^ { \infty }$ reagent cartridge:

The B2MIC method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of β2-microglobulin in human serum, or heparinized or EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of β2-microglobulin aid in the diagnosis of renal dysfunction.

Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Calibrator

PROT1 CAL s  in vi ostiouc r hecalration $\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { - }$ EY microglobulin (B2MIC), C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), Immunoglobulin A (IGA), Immunoglobulin G (IGG), Immunoglobulin M (IGM) and Prealbumin / Transthyretin (REALB) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

Dimension Vista™" Protein 1 Control M and H

PROT1 cON M and H are assayed intralaboratory quality controls for assessment of precision and analytical bias in the determination of $\beta _ { 2 ^ { - } }$ EPY microglobulin (B2MIC), C3 Complement (C3), C4 Complement (C4), immunoglobulin A (IGA), immunoglobulin G (IGG), immunoglobulin M (IGM) and prealbumin / transthyretin (PREALB) on the Dimension Vista® System.

Prescription Use X (Per 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)