# K070626

# Summary of Safety & Effectiveness SYNCHRON® Systems High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) Reagent

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Tara Viviani   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
200 S. Kraemer Blvd., W-110   
Brea, California 92822-8000   
Telephone: (714) 961-3626   
FAX: (714) 961-4123

MAY - 4 2007

# 2.0 Date Submitted:

March 2, 2007

3.0

Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names SYNCHRON® Systems High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) Reagent   
3.2 Classification Name C-Reactive Protein immunological test system (21 CFR § 866.5270)

4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number/(Product Code)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synchron SystemsHigh Sensitivity CardiacCRPH Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dade BehringCardioPhase hsCRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dade Behringlnc.*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K033908(NQD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synchron SystemsHigh Sensitivity CardiacCRPH Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synchron SystemsHigh SensitivityCRPH Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeckmanCoulter, Inc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K010597(DCK)</td></tr></table>

\*Dade Behring Inc. (Newark, DE)

# 5.0 Description:

High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) reagent, is intended for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum or plasma by rate turbidimetry. SYNCHRON® System(s) CRPH reagent is based on the highly sensitive Near Infrared Particle Immunoassay rate methodology. An anti-CRP antibody-coated particle binds to CRP in the patient sample resulting in the formation of insoluble aggregates causing turbidity.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) reagent, when used in conjunction with SYNCHRON $\iota x ^ { \otimes } 2 0$ PRO System, UniCel® DxC 600/800 System(s) and SYNCHRON® Systems CAL 5 Plus, is intended for the quantitative determination of CReactive Protein in human serum or plasma by rate turbidimetry.

# Clinical Significance:

Measurement of C-Reactive protein (CRP) aids in evaluation of stress, trauma, infection, inflammation, surgery, and associated diseases. Cardiac CRP assays are indicated for use as an aid in the identification and stratification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. When used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, CRP may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndrome.

Beckman Coulter, Inc., Section 510(k) Notification   
SYNCHRON® System High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) Reagent,   
SYN Cardiac CRPH Summary of Safety final.doc, March 2007

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The following table shows similarities and differences between the predicates identified in Section 4.0 of this summary.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Synchron CardiacCRPHReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Same asDade BehringCardioPhase hsCRPSame asDade Behring CardioPhase hsCRP andSynchron CRPHThe formulation is identical to LX System CRPHReagent.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use of Latex particletechnology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid stable reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single point adjustedCalibration model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LX System CRPH Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Synchron CardiacCRPH Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYNCHRON Cardiac CRPH uses goat andmouse while the Dade Behring Kit uses mouseonly.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial dilution range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYNCHRON Cardiac CRPH initial dilution rangecovers from 0.02 to 8.0 mg/dL while the DadeBehring Kit covers from 0.31 to 20.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extended dilution range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYNCHRON Cardiac CRPH extended dilutionrange covers up to 38.0 mg/dL while the DadeBehring Kit covers uses multiple dilutions tocover the range from 0.016 to 1600.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYNCHRON Cardiac CRPH uses a differentmodel equation for the predetermined calibrationcurve than SYNCHRON CRPH.</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data:

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to chemistry test systems already in commercial distribution. Equivalence is demonstrated through method comparison, stability, linearity, and imprecision experiments.

Method Comparison Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synchron Cardiac CRPH(0.2 to 80 mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BehringCardioPhase hsCRP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synchron Cardiac CRPH(0.2 to 10 mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BehringCardioPhase hsCRP</td></tr></table>

SYNCHRON High Sensitivity Cardiac CRPH Reagent Imprecision Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.D. (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%C.V.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Within-Run Imprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0907</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Total Imprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

Beckman Coulter, Inc., Section 510(k) Notification   
SYNCHRON® System High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) Reagent,   
SYN Cardiac CRPH Summary of Safety final.doc, March 2007 Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Tara Viviani   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 200 South Kraemer Blvd.   
M/S /W110   
Brca, CA 92822-8000

Re: k070626 Trade/Device Name: Synchron $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Systems High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5270 Regulation Name: C-reactive protein immunological test system. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NQD Dated: March 2, 2007 Received: March 6, 2007

Dear Ms. Viviani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affing your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (f known:00626

Device Name:

SYNCHRON® Systems High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH)

# Reagent

Indications for Use:

High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CRPH) reagent, when used in conjunction with SYNCHRON LX® PRO System, UniCel® DxC 600/800 System(s) and SYNCHRON® Systems CAL 5 Plus, is intended for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive Protein in human serum or plasma by rate turbidimetry.

# Clinical Significance:

Measurement of C-Reactive protein (CRP) aids in evaluation of stress, trauma, infection, inflammation, surgery, and associated diseases. Cardiac CRP assays are indicated for use as an aid in the identification and stratification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. When used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, CRP may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndrome.

Prescription Use Y (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-the-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)