# K07/002

Summary of Safety & Effectiveness Immage® 800 Immunochemistry Systems High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CCRP) Reagent

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Tara Viviani   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
200 S. Kraemer Blvd., W-110   
Brea, California 92822-8000   
Telephone: (714) 961-3626   
FAX: (714) 961-4234

JUN 2 1 2007

2.0 Date Submitted:

April 6, 2007

3.0 Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names Immage® Immunochemistry Systems High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CCRP) Reagent Beckman CAL 5 Plus

# 3.2 Classification Name

C-Reactive Protein immunological test system (21 CFR $\ S$ 866.5270) Calibrator, multi-analyte mixture (21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150)

4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocketNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>IMMAGE ImmunochemistrySystems High SensitivityCardiac CCRP Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dade BehringCardioPhase hsCRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dade BehringInc.*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K033908</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMAGE ImmunochemistrySystems High SensitivityCRPH Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeckmanCoulter, Inc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K010236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman CAL 5 Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Cal 5 Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeckmanCoulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K926236/A</td></tr></table>

\*Dade Behring Inc. (Newark, DE)

# 5.0 Description:

High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CCRP) reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive protein in human serum or plasma by rate turbidimetry. The IMMAGE $\mathfrak { P }$ 800 Immunochemistry Systems CCRP reagent is based on the highly sensitive Near Infrared Particle Immunoassay rate methodology. An anti-CRP antibody-coated particle binds to CRP in the patient sample resulting in the formation of insoluble aggregates causing turbidity. The rate of aggregate formation is directly proportional to the concentration of CRP in the sample.

CAL 5 Plus (Calibrator 5 Plus) is a frozen liquid serum matrix intended for use on IMMAGE® Immunochemistry Systems for the calibration of Anti-Streptolysin O (ASO), CReactive Protein (CRP) and Rheumatoid Factor (RF).

# 6.0 Intended Use:

High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CCRP) reagent, when used in conjunction with IMMAGE $\circledR$ 800 Immunochemistry Systems and Calibrator 5 Plus, is intended for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive protein in human serum or plasma by rate turbidimetry.

CAL 5 Plus (Calibrator 5 Plus), when used in conjunction with Beckman Coulter reagents, is intended for use on IMMAGE® Immunochemistry Systems for the calibration of AntiStreptolysin O (ASO), C-Reactive Protein (CRP) and Rheumatoid Factor (RF).

# Clinical Significance:

Measurement of C-Reactive protein (CRP) aids in evaluation of stress, trauma, infection, inflammation, surgery, and associated diseases. Cardiac CRP assays are indicated for use as an aid in the identification and stratification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. When used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, CRP may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndrome.

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The following table shows similarities and differences between the predicates identified in Section 4.0 of this summary.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ImmageCardiac CCRPReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as BehringCardioPhase hsCRP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use of Latexparticle technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same asDade Behring CardioPhase hsCRP and ImmageCRPH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid stablereagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The formulation is identical to Immage CRPHReagent.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single pointadjustedCalibration model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as IMMAGE CRPH Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman CAL5 Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical to Beckman CAL 5 Plus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ImmageCardiac CCRPReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMAGE CCRP uses goat and mouse while theDade Behring Kit uses mouse only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial dilution range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMAGE initial dilution range covers from 0.2to 60.0 mg/L while the Dade Behring Kit coversfrom 3.0 to 220 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extended dilutionrange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMAGE extended dilution range covers up to1440.0 mg/L while the Dade Behring Kit covers therange from 0.16 to 16000.0 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMAGE High Sensitivity Cardiac CCRP uses adifferent model equation for the predeterminedcalibration curve than IMMAGE CRPH.</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data:

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to chemistry test systems already in commercial distribution. Equivalence is demonstrated through method comparison, stability, linearity, and imprecision experiments.

Method Comparison Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMAGE High SensitivityCardiac CCRP Reagent(0.2 to 60 mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9962</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dade BehringCardioPhase hsCRP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMAGE High SensitivityCardiac CCRP Reagent(0.2 to 10 mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dade BehringCardioPhase hsCRP</td></tr></table>

IMMAGE High Sensitivity Cardiac CCRP Reagent Imprecision Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.D. (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%C.V.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Within-Run Imprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Total Imprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

Beckman CAL 5 Plus Stability Testing Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StressTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Duration ofIncubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredictedStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman StabilityClaim*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months</td></tr></table>

\* expiration dating placed on the packaging based in date of manufacture

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
Diagnostics Development Center c/o Ms. Tara Viviani   
Sr. Regulatory Affair Specialist 200 S. Kraemer Boulevard, W-110 P.O. Box 8000   
Brea, CA 92822-8000

Re: k071002 Trade/Device Name: Immage $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Immunochemistry Systems High Sensitivity Cardiac CReactive Protein (CCRP), Cal 5 Plus (Calibrator 5 Plus) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NQD, JIX Dated: April 06, 2007 Received: April 09, 2007

Dear Ms. Viviani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at \$ http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known): K071002

Device Name:

# Reagent:

Indications for Use:

High Sensitivity Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (CCRP) reagent, when used in conjunction with IMMAGE® 800 Immunochemistry Systems and Calibrator 5 Plus, is intended for the quantitative determination of C-Reactive protein in human serum or plasma by rate turbidimetry.

Clinical Significance:

Measurement of C-Reactive protein (CRP) aids in evaluation of stress, trauma, infection, inflammation, surgery, and associated diseases. Cardiac CRP assays are indicated for use as an aid in the identification and stratification of individuals at risk for future cardiovascular disease. When used in conjunction with traditional clinical laboratory evaluation of acute coronary syndromes, CRP may be useful as an independent marker of prognosis for recurrent events in patients with stable coronary disease or acute coronary syndrome.

Calibrator:

Indications for use:

CAL 5 Plus (Calibrator 5 Plus), when used in conjunction with Beckman Coulter reagents, is intended for use on IMMAGE® Immunochemistry Systems for the calibration of Anti-Streptolysin ASO), C-Reactive Protein (CRP) and Rheumatoid Factor (RF).

Prescription Use AND/OR Over-the-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Carol C. Benam sion Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device yaluation and Safety K071002