# 510(k) Summary

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ ey nfeiveaieitco with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ number is:

K073489

Submitter name, address, contact

Olympus America Inc.   
3500 Corporate   
Parkway   
Center Valley, PA 18034

U.S. Telephone: 469-230-0959   
U.S. Fax: 972-317-7861

Contact Person: Stephanie G. Donnelly

Date Prepared: December 10, 2007

Device name

Proprietary Name: Olympus IgA Reagent (OSR6X171)

Common Name: IgA reagent

Classification Name: igA, Antigen, Antiserum, Control

Predicate device

Reagent:

Olympus (OSR6X44) IgA Reagent Submitted K951055

Device description

In this Olympus procedure:

When a sample is mixed with R1 buffer and R2 antiserum solution, human IgA reacts specifically with anti-human IgA antibodies to yield insoluble aggregates. √ Immune complexes formed in solution scatter light in proportion to their size, shape and concentration. Turbidimeters measure the reduction of incidence light due to reflection, absorption or scatter. In theOlympus procedure, the decrease n intensity of light transmitted (increase in absorbance) through particles suspended in solution is as a result of complexes formed during the antigen-antibody reaction.

.Intended use

System reagent for the quantitative determination of IgA immunoglobulins in human serum and plasma on OLYMPUS analyzers.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

<table><tr><td>The following Tables compare the new Olympus IgA (OSR6X171) reagent with the predicate devices outlined in point 3 above.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus IgA (OSR6X171) reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System reagent for the quantitativedetermination of IgA immunoglobulins inhuman serum and plasma on Olympusanalyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System reagent for the quantitativedetermination of igA immunoglobulins inhuman serum on Olympus analyzers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus AU400/400®, 600/640/640 and2700/5400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayMethodology/OperatingPrinciple</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoturbidimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent storage form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LiquidOn -board storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus Serum Protein Mulit-Calibrator(ODR3021)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This method is traceable to the InternationalReference Preparation CRM 470 (USdesignation RPPHS lot 91/0619)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat Anti-IgA antiserum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66-433 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On Board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opened reagents are stable for 90 dayswhen stored in the refrigeratedcompartment of the analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus IgA (OSR6X171) reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, EDTA Plasma and Li-HeparinizedPlasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Frequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Olympus IgA (OSR6X171) reagent</td><td colspan="2">Predicate System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="15">Precision</td><td>AU400/400 Totai CV%</td><td></td><td>AU400/400 Total CV%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample 1 2.43</td><td></td><td>Sample 1 1.53</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2 2.52</td><td></td><td>2 1.63</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3 2.95</td><td></td><td>3 1.26</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>AU600/640/640</td><td></td><td>AU600</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Total CV%</td><td>Sample</td><td>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td>1 3.39</td><td></td><td>1</td><td>1.38</td></tr><tr><td>2 3 4.01</td><td>3.85</td><td>2</td><td>1.08</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>3</td><td>1.81</td></tr><tr><td>AU2700/5400</td><td></td><td>AU640/640</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Total CV%</td><td>Sample</td><td>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.50</td><td>1</td><td>1.8</td></tr><tr><td>NM</td><td>1.91</td><td>2</td><td>1.3</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.83</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>AU2700/5400</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Sample</td><td>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>1</td><td>2.64</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>2</td><td>2.05</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>3</td><td>3.29</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Assay Range</td><td>10 to 700 mg/dL</td><td>10 to 700 mg/dl.</td></tr><tr><td>LoQ</td><td>10 mg/dL</td><td>Not specified</td></tr><tr><td>Method Comparison (Linear Regression)</td><td>Intercept 15.1 mg/dL Slope 0.923 R^{}$ 0.999 N 111 Range 38-672 mg/dL</td><td>Intercept 1.3 mg/dL Slope 0.957 R^{}$ 0.99 N 94 Range 54-660 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Interfering Substances</td><td>AU400/400 Bilirubin: Interference less than 2% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysate: Interference less than 1% up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: Interference less than 10% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid RF: Interferences less than 8% up to 600 1U/mL Not tested</td><td>AU400/400 Bilirubin: Interference less than 2% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysate: Interference less than 2% up to 500 mg/dL. Hemolysate Lipemia: Interference less than 10% up to 600 mg/dL Intralipid Not Specified Ascorbic Acid: Interferences less than</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>AU600/640/640 Bilirubin: Interference less than 3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysate: Interference less than 5% up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate</td><td>2% up to 20 mg/dL Ascorbate AU600/640/640 Bilirubin: Interference less than 5% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysate: Interference less than 2%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Lipemia: Interference less than 6% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid</td><td>up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: Interference less than 7% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>RF: Interferences less than 8% up to 600 IU/mL Not tested</td><td>Not Specified Ascorbic Acid: Interferences less than</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>AU2700/5400</td><td>2% up to 20 mg/dL Ascorbate</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bilirubin: Interference less than 3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysate: Interference less than 4% up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate</td><td>AU2700/5400 Bilirubin: Interference less than 5% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysate: Interference less than 3%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Lipemia: Interference less than 4% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid</td><td>up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: Interference less than 10% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>RF: Interferences less than 4% up to 600</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Not Specified</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1U/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Not tested</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Ascorbic Acid: Interferences less than</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>3% up to 20 mg/dL Ascorbate</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Prozone Capacity</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>up to 10, 000 mg/dL</td><td>No high dose effect at IgA concentrations</td><td>No high dose effect at IgA</td></tr></table>

# FEB 11 2008

Olympus America, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Stephanie Donnelly   
Regulatory Affairs/Quality Assurance Manager Olympus Life Science Research Europa GmbH Lismeehan, O, Callaghan's Mills   
Co. Claire, Ireland.

Re: k073489 Trade/Device Name: Olympus IgA reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5510 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, E immunological test systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CFN Dated: December 11, 2007 Received: December 12, 2007

Dear Ms. Donnelly:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The

Page 2 -

FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

KetBoke

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D.5Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k Numbe (f ko o73489

Device Name: The Olympus IgA reagent (OSR6X171).

Indication For Use: System reagent for the quantitative determination of IgA immunoglobulins in human serum and plasma on OLYMPUS analyzers.

The spectrum of abnormalities in serum immunoglobulin concentrations is broad. Abnormal concentrations range from a virtual absence of one or more of the three major classes of immunoglobulin (IgG, IgA, and IgM) to polyclonal increases in one or more immunoglobulins. Measurement of these immunoglobulins aids in the diagnosis of abnormal protein metabolism and the body's lack of ability to resist infectious agents.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)