K0r0194

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VIDAS® CEA (S) Assay

A. Submitter Information Submitter's Name: Address:

bioMérieux, Inc. 595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

Sandra Perreand 314-731-8594 314-731-8689 September 29, 2008

B.Device Name Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name:

VIDAS® CEA (S) Assay

Carcinoembryonic Antigen

System, Test, Carcinoembryonic Antigen

C.Predicate Device Name Trade Name:

Tosoh Medical, Inc. ST AIA Pack CEA Enzyme Immunoassay

# Device Description

The assay principle combines a two-step immunoassay sandwich method with a final fn detecion LFA).he old hase Recace R) a pipett p-ike vce, serves as the solid phase as well as the pipetting device for the assay. It is coated with antiCEA monoclonal immunoglobulins (mouse). The other assay reagents are ready-to-use and pre-dispensed in the sealed reagent strips (STRs).

After dilution,the sample is transferred into the well containig CEA antibody (conjugate) la with alkal phosphatase. Thesample/conjugatemixture  ccle nnd t  e SPR several times. This operation enables the antigen to bind with the immunoglobulins fixed the interior wall of the R and to the conjugate o form a sandwich.Unbound copouns are eliminated during the first washing step.

A second incubation step is then performed with alkaline phosphatase-labeled anti-CEA polyclonal antibodies (goat). The unbound conjugate is then eliminated during washing steps.

During the final detection step, the substrate (4-Methyl-umbelliferyl phosphate) is cycled in and out of the R.The conjugate enzyme catalyzes the hydrolysis of this substrate into a fluorescent product (4-Methy-mbeliferone) the fluorescenceof which ismeasured at 450 nm. The intensity of the fluorescence is proportional to the concentration of antigen prent in  splt e  e yults atically calculat instrument in relation to the calibration curve stored in memory, and then printed out.

# E. Intended Use

The VIDAS CEA (S) assay is VIDAS® CEA (S) is an automated quantitative test for use on the VIDAS instruments, for the quantitative measurement of Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) in human serum using the ELFA technique (Enzyme Linked Fluorescent Assay). The VIDAS CEA (S) assay is indicated as an aid in the monitoring of cancer patients in whom changing concentrations of CEA are observed.

# F. Technological Characteristics Summary

A general comparison of the similarities and differences of the VIDAS CEA (S) assay to the predicate device is presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS® CEA (S) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOSOH ST AIA-PACK CEA(K023893)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS CEA (S) is an automatedquantitative test for use on the VIDASinstruments, for the quantitativemeasurement of Carcinoembryonicantigen (CEA) in human serum usingthe ELFA technique (Enzyme LinkedFluorescent Assay). The VIDAS CEA(S) assay is indicated as an aid in themonitoring of cancer patients in whomchanging concentrations of CEA areobserved.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK CEA is designed forIN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USEONLY   for   the   quantitativemeasurement of CarcinoembryonicAntigen (CEA) in human serum toaid in the management of cancerpatients   in  whom   changingconcentrations of CEA are observedon TOSOH AIA System analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carcinoembryonic Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carcinoembryonic Antigen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat polyclonal CEA antibody; mousemonoclonal CEA antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Twomouse monoclonal CEAantibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two antibody &quot;sandwich&quot; binding of CEA.One antibody is bound to a solid phase andthe second antibody is in liquid form and islabeled with fluorescent compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two antibody &quot;sandwich&quot; binding ofCEA. One antibody is bound to asolid phase and the second antibodyis in liquid form and is labeled withfluorescent compound</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Technique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme-inked fluorescent assay (ELFA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-site     immunoenzymometricassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Master curve for each kit lot and eachcalibrator lot are traceable to referencestandards established by bioMérieux, Inc.and the CarcinoEmbryonic Antigen 1stInternational  Reference   Preparationprovided by the National Institute ofBiological Standards and Controls (NIBSC)code 73/601 (1975)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Each calibrator lot are traceable toWHO  International ReferencePreparation (IRP) 73/601 (1975)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 100 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

G. Performance Data A summary of the non-clinical and clinical test results is presented in the table below.   

<table><tr><td>Test</td><td>VIDAS® CEA (S) Assay</td><td>TOSOH ST AIA-PACK CEA (K023894)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Non-clinical (Analytical) Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Intra-Assay Precision</td><td>n = 40 runs (across sites and lots) Pool C:</td><td>n = 20 replicates Sample 1: Mean = 4.56 ng/mL CV = 4.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean = 3.4 ng/mL CV range = 2.7 - 4.4% Pool B: Mean = 25 ng/mL CV range = 3.5 - 4.4%</td><td>Sample 2: Mean = 19.74 ng/ml CV = 3.6% Sample 3:</td></tr><tr><td>Pool A: Mean = 160 ng/mL CV range = 3.7 - 5.3%</td><td>Mean = 45.64 ng/mL CV = 4.0% Sample 4: Mean = 79.11 ng/mL CV = 3.1%</td></tr><tr><td>Inter-Run Precision</td><td>n = 40 runs (across sites and lots) Pool C: Mean = 3.4 ng/mL CV range = 0 - 1.3% Pool B: Mean = 25 ng/mL CV range = 0 - 1.6% Pool A: Mean = 160 ng/mL CV range = 0 - 1.0%</td><td>n = 20 runs Sample 1: Mean = 5.26 ng/mL CV = 3.9% Sample 2: Mean = 22.81 ng/mL CV = 3.3% Sample 3: Mean = 50.17 ng/mL CV = 3.6% Sample 4: Mean = 91.52 ng/mL CV = 3.2%</td></tr><tr><td>Limits of Detection</td><td>&lt; 0.5 ng/mL</td><td>0.5 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Clinical Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIDAS® CEA (S) Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOSOH ST AIA-PACK CEA(K023893)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-smoker:Female ≤ 2.44 ng/mLMale ≤ 3.23 ng/mLSmoker:Female ≤ 3.53 ng/mLMale ≤ 6.44 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-smoker: ≤ 3.07 ng/mLSmoker: ≤ 6.17 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Method Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methods</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">X = TOSOH ST AIA-PaCk CEA; y = VIDAS® CEA (S)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of patients</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1,307 samples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Slope = 0.9410 (95% confidence interval = 0.8238 to 1.0582)Intercept = -1.2905 (95% confidence interval = -1.6812 to -0.8998)</td></tr></table>

# H. Conclusion The ViIDAS® CEA (S) Assay is substantially equivalent to the Tosoh Medical, Inc. ST AIA Pack CEA Assay.

The 510(k) summary includes only information that is also covered in the body of the 510(k). The summary does not contain any puffery or unsubstantiated labeling claims." The summary does not contain any raw data, i.e., contains only summary data. The summary does not contain any trade secret or confidential commercial information. The summary does not contain any patient identification information.

bioMèrieux, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Sandra Perreand   
Senior Director, North American Regulatory Affairs 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: k080194 Trade/Device Name: Vidas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CEA (S) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor associated antigen immunological test systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DHX Dated: September 29, 2008 Received: September 30, 2008

Dear Ms. Perreand:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter

Page 2 - bioMèrieux, Inc.

will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Acting Division Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K080194

Device Name: VIDAS® CEA (S)

Indications For Use:

VIDAS® CEA (S) is an automated quantitative test for use on the VIDAS instruments, for the quantitative measurement of Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) in human serum using the ELFA technique (Enzyme Linked Fluorescent Assay). The VIDAS CEA (S) assay is indicated as an aid in the monitoring of cancer patients in whom changing concentrations of CEA are observed.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety