# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k 080481

# Applicant:

Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

# Contact person:

Rachelle Parsons   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist, RAC   
Phone: 952.368.1227   
Fax: 952.368.7610

# Date prepared:

August 20, 2008

Proprietary name:

Access® Myoglobin and Access Myoglobin Calibrators on the Access Immunoassay Systems

Common name:

Myoglobin Enzyme Immunoassay

Product classification:

Class II

Product code:

DDR; JIS

# Predicate device:

Access Myoglobin Assay - k021229

Device description:

The Access Myoglobin reagent and calibrators, the Access Immunoassay Analyzers comprise the Access Immunoassay Systems for the quantitative determination of cardiac Myoglobin in human serum and plasma.

Intended use:

The Access Myoglobin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of myoglobin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Myoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Myoglobin(With Modification to IFU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativedetermination of myoglobinlevels in human serum andplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativedetermination of myoglobinlevels in human serum andplasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay principles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A two site immunoenzymatic(&quot;sandwich&quot;) assay. A sampleis added to a reaction vesselwith mouse monoclonal anti-myoglobin-alkalinephosphatase conjugate, mousemonoclonal anti-myoglobin-biotin conjugate, andparamagnetic particles coatedwith goat anti-biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A two site immunoenzymatic(&quot;sandwich&quot;) assay. A sampleis added to a reaction vesselwith mouse monoclonal anti-myoglobin-alkalinephosphatase conjugate, mousemonoclonal anti-myoglobin-biotin conjugate, andparamagnetic particles coatedwith goat anti-biotin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Support</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramagnetic particles.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramagnetic particles.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent substrate.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent substrate.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid calibrators (frozen)prepared from buffered bovineserum albumin matrix withhuman cardiac Myoglobin atspecified levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid calibrators (frozen)prepared from buffered bovineserum albumin matrix withhuman cardiac Myoglobin atspecified levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1- 4000ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1- 4000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imprecision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This assay exhibits totalimprecision of less than 8%across the expectedphysiological range.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This assay exhibits totalimprecision of ≤ 10% acrossthe expected physiologicalrange.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Precision Study

Imprecision: Within-run assay imprecision was tested for concentrations from approximately 79 to $2 4 0 5 \ n g / m L$ . The within-run imprecision ranged from $3 . 0 5 \%$ CV to $4 . 3 2 \%$ CV. Between-run assay imprecision ranged from $6 . 4 9 \%$ CV to $8 . 5 8 \%$ CV. Total imprecision ranged from $7 . 3 2 \%$ CV to $9 . 2 5 \%$ CV.

# Conclusion

Imprecision was the only performance characteristic revised in the Access Myoglobin assay and was not found to impact the safety and efficacy of the device. The modified Access® Myoglobin assay is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared Access® Myoglobin assay.

Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Rachelle Parsons   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist, RAC 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, MN 55318

Re: k080481 Trade/Device Name: Access $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Myoglobin and Access Myoglobin Calibrators on the Access Immunoassay Systems Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\{ 8 6 6 , 5 \ddot { \cup } \dot { \cup } 0 \}$ Regulation Name: Myoglobin Inmunologicai Test System. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DDR, JIT Dated: February 16, 2009 Received: February 17, 2009

Dear Ms. Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and 'adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k080481

Device Name:

Access Myoglobin and Access Myoglobin Calibrators on the Access $\textcircled{8}$ Immunoassay Systems

Indication For Use:

Access Myoglobin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of myoglobin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. i:

Measurement of myoglobin aids in the rapid diagnosis of heart and renal diseases.

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K080481