# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

Submitter's name:

Diazyme Laboratories

Submitter's address:

12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

Name of Contact Person:

JAN 1 3 2009

Dr. Abhijit Datta Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 Phone: 858-455-4762 Fax: 858-455-2120

Date the Summary was Prepared:

Aug 26, 2008; Dec 1, 2008

# Name of the Device

Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Assay

Trade Name:

Diazyme Lp(a) Assay

Common/Usual Name

Lp(a) Test System

Device Classification Name

Low Density Lipoprotein Immunological Test System

Product code:

DFC, JIS, JJX

Submission Type

510k

Regulation Number

866.5600, 862.1150, 862.1660

Device Class

# II

Predicate Device:

For the Lipoprotein (a) Immunological Test System Lipoprotein test system, we are claiming equivalence to Lp(a)- LATEX SEIKEN ASSAY KIT manufactured by Denka Seiken Co. Ltd

# Substantial Equivalence Information

1. Predicate device name(s): Lp(a) Assay

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K013359

# 3. Comparison with predicate:

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td>The Diazyme Lp(aimmunoassay is The Lp(a)Assay is a latex in vitro iag- intended for the in vitro quantitative determination of Lipoprotein (a) in human determination of Lipoprotein (a) in serum and plasma.</td><td>nostic immunoassay for the quantitative human serum and plasma.</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

# Principle

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Assay isbased on a latex enhanced immunoturbidi-metric assay. Lp(a) in the sample binds tospecific anti-Lp(a) antibody, which iscoated on latex particles, and causes agglu-tination. The degree of the turbidity causedby agglutination can be measured opticallyJand is proportional to the amount of Lp(a)lin the sample.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Lp(a)-Latex Seiken Assay kit is a latex-enhanced immunoturbidimetric in vitro diag-nostic assay. Lp(a) in the sample binds to thespecific anti-Lp(a) antibody, which is ad-sorbed to latex particles and agglutinates. Theagglutination is detected as an absorbancechange when read on an automated chemistryanalyzer (at 700 nm). The magnitude of thechange is proportional to the quantity ofLp(a) in the sample. The actual concenitrationis then determined by interpolation from acalibration curve prepared from calibrators ofknow concentrations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Test Objective

Type of Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro quantitative determinationof lipoprotein (a) in serum or plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro quantitative determinationof lipoprotein (a) in serum or plasma us-ing automated chemistry analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Type

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Product Type

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, Reagent, Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, Reagent, Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance

<table><tr><td>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Range: Serum: 5.44 mg/dL to 100.0 mg/dL Plasma: 5.44 mg/dL to 100.0 mg/dL</td><td>Reportable Range: Serum: 0.5mg/dL to 80.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Precision/Serum:</td><td>Plasma: 0.5mg/dL to 80.0 mg/dL Precision/Serum:</td></tr><tr><td>Within Run: 1.1% - 2.6%</td><td>Within Run: 1.26% - 2.00%</td></tr><tr><td>Total: 2.4% - 3.6% Accuracy/Serum:</td><td>Total: 0.99% - 2.22%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Accuracy/Serum:</td></tr><tr><td>Correlation Coefficient: 0.998</td><td>Correlation Coefficient: 0.989</td></tr><tr><td>Slope/Intercept: y = 0.9895x + 0.0279</td><td>Slope/Intercept:</td></tr><tr><td>Accuracy/Plasma:</td><td>y = 1.108x - 1.44</td></tr><tr><td>Correlation Coefficient: 0.9803</td><td>Accuracy/Plasma:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Correlation Coefficient: 0.990</td></tr><tr><td>Slope/Intercept:</td><td>Slope/Intercept:</td></tr><tr><td>y = 1.044x + 0.0407</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>y = 1.079x - 0.16</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Calibrator Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Control Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denka Lp(a) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Rationale for Considering the Device Substantially Equivalent to Devices Approved for Interstate Commerce

The Denka Lp(a) Assay (k013359) was selected for method comparison testing of human serum and plasma samples with the Diazyme Lp(a) Assay. Detailed performance characteristics and comparison analysis are given in this filing and demonstrate substantial equivalence to predicate device that is currently being legally marketed.

The Diazyme Lp(a) Assay is substantially similar to the approved predicate test. The minor differences in the performances of the tests should not affect the safety and effectiveness of the Diazyme Lp(a) Assay and offers users an in-vitro diagnostic device to measure Lp(a) in human serum and plasma.

# Description of the Device

Liporotein (a) is a cholesterol-rich lipoprotein particle found in human serum. There is substantial evidence linking lipoprotein (a) excess to a high risk for premature coronary heart disease (CHD), increased risk of myocardial infraction (Ml) and stroke, and restenosis after angioplasty (PTCA) and coronary bypass procedures. Lipoprotein (a) has been called a powerful predictor of premature atherosclerotic vascular disease. Therefore measurement of lipoprotein(a) is now recommended in several patient subgroups for whom excess lipoprotein(a) may have important clinical consequences: (1) patients with premature athero-sclerosis, (2) patients with a strong family history of premature coronary heart disease (CHD), (3) patients with elevated LDL-C and greater than or equal to two risk factors, (4) patients who have had coronary angioplasty in whom lipoprotein(a) excess may increase the risk of restenosis, and (5) patients who have undergone coronary bypass graft surgery in whom Lp(a) excess may be associated with graft stenosis.

# Intended Use of the Device:

The Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) $\left[ \mathrm { L p } ( \mathbf { a } ) \right]$ Assay and Lipoprotein (a) Assay Calibrator Set are intended for the in vitro quantitative determination of lipoprotein (a) in serum or plasma.

# Performance Testing Summaries

Precision

The Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Assay is based on a latex enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. Lp(a) in the sample binds to specificanti-Lp(a) antibody, which is coated on latex partices, and causes aglutination. The degree of the turbidity caused by agglutination can be measured optically and is proportional to the amount of Lp(a) in the sample.

The precision of the Diazyme Lp(a) Enzymatic Assay was evaluated according to Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (formerly NCCLS) EP5-A guideline. In the study, three levels of serum specimens containing about 17.2, 43.2, and $7 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L \ L p ( a ) }$ respectively are tested with 2 runs per day with duplicates over 20 working days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cv%=2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyv%=1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cv% = 1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cy%=3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cv%=3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cy%=2.4%</td></tr></table>

# Accuracy

Correlation studies were performed by testing 76 serum samples in comparison with an existing commercial Lp(a) assay method. The result summary indicates good agreement with legally marketed assay.

# Accuracy Summary:

Serum:   
Correlation Coefficient: 0.9983   
Slope/Intercept:

$$
\mathbf { y } = 0 . 9 8 9 1 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 0 9 4 7
$$

# Interference

We have conducted interference studies by spiking human serum samples with substances normally present in serum and found less than $10 \%$ interference at the indicated concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Interference Study</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: Detailed comparison analysis presented in this ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 \mathbf { k }$ submission, together with linearity, precision and interference and other detailed studies, demonstrates that the Diazyme Lp(a) Assay has excellent accuracy and is safe and effective. There is no significant deviation between the results obtained by Diazyme Lp(a) Assay and the legally marketed predicate device (k013359) when testing clinical patient samples and is therefore substantially similar.

General Atomics Diazyme Laboratories c/o Dr. Abhijit Datta 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064

Re: k082488 Trade/Device Name: Diazyme LP(a) assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5600 Regulation Name: Low-Density Lipoprotein Immunological Test System. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DFC, JIT, JJX Dated: December 1, 2008 Received: December 4, 2008

Dear Dr. Datta:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for atosulark eicavarke prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, th ark e evi ujet  teel conts poviss  tcThe al controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page - 2

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Courtny C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k082488

Device Name: Diazyme Lp(a) Assay

Indication For Use:

T y tativ determination f lipoprotein() [Lp(a) concentration in human serum r plasma (EDTA) on Clinical Cs sTeeis u alpolior i erscerocardovasculaisan pec poulaions, husn onjcin wi c evaluation.

D Cnughe alo - azyme Lp(a) reagents by turbidimetry.

agents by turbidimetry.