# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a deternination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521 - 3225

Contact person: Jack Rogers, Regulatory Affairs Principal

Date prepared: September 30, 2009

# Device Name

Proprietary name: 1) Elecsys Myoglobin Immunoassay 2) Elecsys Myoglobin STAT Immunoassay

Common name: 1) Myoglobin Immunoassay 2) Myoglobin STAT Immunoassay

Classification name: Myoglobin immunological test system

# Classification

21 CFR 866.5680: Class 2

# Device Description

The Elecsys Myoglobin Immunoassay includes two applications of the same reagents with different incubation tines of 18 minutes (Myoglobin assay) and 9 minutes (Myoglobin STAT assay). The assay is a two-step sandwich immunoassay, using two different monoclonal antibodies directed against human Myoglobin, with streptavidin microparticles, and electrochemniluninescence detection. Results are determined via a calibration curve which is instrument-specifically generated by 2-point calibration and a master curve provided via the reagent barcode.

# 510(k) Summary continued

# Intended Use / Indications for Use

# Elecsys Myoglobin Immunoassay

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of myoglobin in human serum and plasma. The Elecsys Myoglobin assay is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of heart and renal disease.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Elecsys Myoglobin STAT Immunoassay

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of myoglobin in human serum and plasma. The Elecsys Myoglobin STAT assay is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of heart and renal disease.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is. intended for use on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Predicate Device

The Elecsys Myoglobin and Elecsys Myoglobin STAT assays are substantially equivalent to the Elecsys Myoglobin STAT assay (K983 176).

Substantial EquivalenceDevice Comparison

The following table compares the new Elecsys Myoglobin and Elecsys Myoglobin STAT assays with the predicate device Elecsys Myoglobin STAT Assay (K983176).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin and MyoglobinSTAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin STAT(K983176) Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use /Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination ofmnyoglobin in human serum andplasma. The assay is intended to aidin the rapid diagnosis of heart andrenal disease.The electrochemiluminescenceimnunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; is intendedfor use on the Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination ofmyoglobin in human serum andplasma.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; is intendedfor use on the BoehringerMannheim Elecsys 1010 and 2010immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary continued

Substantial Equivalence - Device Comparison (continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin andMyoglobin STAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin STAT(K983176) Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21-3000 ng/ml. defined by thelower detection limit and themaximum of the master curve).Values below the detection limit arereported as &lt;21 ng/ml. Valuesabove the measuring range arereported as &gt;3000 ng/mL (or up to3000 ng/mL for 10-fold dilutedsamples)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-3000 ng/mL (defined by thelower detection limit and themaximum of the master curve).Values below the detection limit arereported as &lt;15 ng/ml. Valuesabove the measuring range arereported as ≥ 3000 ng/mL (or up to3000 ng/mL for 10-fold dilutedsaimples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Men 28-72 ng/mlWomen 25-58 ng/inlBased on a study with ElecsysMyoglobin STAT assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Men &lt; 72 ng/mlWomen &lt; 51 ng/mlBased on a study with Tina-quantMyoglobin.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability /Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Myoglobin assayThe Elecsys Myoglobin assay hasbeen standardized against theElecsys Myoglobin STAT assay.Myoglobin STAT assayThis method has been standardizedagainst an in-house referencepreparation.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrated against Tina-quantMyoglobin which was calibratedagainst a nephelometric method.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recomnended dilution factor is1: 10. The concentration of thediluted sample must be&gt;50 ng/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recomnended dilution factor is1:10. The concentration of thediluted sample must be&gt;200 ng/mL.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary continued

Substantial Equivalence - Device Coniparison (continued)   

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Elecsys Myoglobin and Myoglobin STAT</td><td>Elecsys Myoglobin STAT (K983176) Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="10">Precision</td><td>Myoglobin assay</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Repeatability (within run)</td><td>Repeatability (within run)</td></tr><tr><td>2.0% CV @ 32.0 ng/mL</td><td>2.1% CV @ 43.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.0% CV @ 87.0 ng/mL</td><td>1.3% CV @ 82.5 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.8% CV @ 1020 ng/mL</td><td>2.9% CV @ 237 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.1% CV @ 1194 ng/mL</td><td>2.9% CV @ 523 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.8% CV @ 2474 ng/mL</td><td>1.9% CV @ 672 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3.4% CV @ 1147 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>5.3% CV @ 3056 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Intermediate Precision (Total)</td><td>Intermediate Precision (Total)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.3% CV @ 32.0 ng/mL</td><td>2.6% CV @ 43.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.5% CV @ 87.0 ng/mL</td><td></td><td>1.6% CV @ 82.5 ng/mL.</td></tr><tr><td>2.5% CV @ 1020 ng/mL</td><td></td><td>3.6% CV @ 237 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.8% CV @ 1194 ng/mL</td><td></td><td>3.8% CV @ 523 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>2.2% CV @ 2474 ng/mL</td><td></td><td>2.3% CV @ 672 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>4.0% CV @ 1147 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>6.7% CV @ 3056 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Myoglobin STAT assay</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Repeatability (within run)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.7% CV @ 33.9 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.2% CV @ 90.1 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.8% CV @ 1016 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.1% CV @ | 171 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.2% CV @ 2468 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Intermediate Precision (Total)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.1% CV @ 33.9 ng/nL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.3% CV @ 90.1 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.2% CV @ 1016 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.3% CV @ 117l ng/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>2.6% CV @ 2468 ng/mL</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary continued

Substantial Equivalence -Device Comparison (continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin andMyoglobin STAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin STAT(K983176) Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance Characteristics (continued)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethodComparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Myoglobin assayN = 1 29Range: 24 to 2945Passing/BablokSlope = 1.03Intercept = 6.26r = 0.987Linear RegressionSlope = 1.02Intercept = 14.5r = 0.999Deming RegressionSlope = 1.00Intercept = 13.9r = 0.999Myoglobin STAT assayN = 139Range: 23 to 2523Passing/BablokSlope = 1.04Intercept = -2.08r = 0.955Linear RegressionSlope = 1.08Intercept = -9.60r = 0.988Deming RegressionSlope = 1.09Intercept = -14.6r = 0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 398Range: 26 to 595Passing/BablokSlope = 1.01Intercept = -0.135r = 0.996Linear RegressionSlope = 0.997Intercept = 1.284r = 0.996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 ng/mnL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofQuantitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary continued

Substantial Equivalence - Device Comparison (continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin andMyoglobin STAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Myoglobin STAT(K983176) Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance Characteristics (continued)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferences(limitations)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolytic no effect up to 1.4 g/dLBiotin no effect up to 50 ng/mLLipemia no effect up to 2200 mg/dLBilirubin no effect up to 65 mg/dLRheumatoid factor no effect up to1500 1U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics   
Centralized Diagnostics   
c/o Mr. Jack Rogers   
Regulatory Affairs Principal   
RPD Regulatory Submissions   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

OCT 1 6 2009

Re: k083260 Trade Name: Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Myoglobin Immunoassay, Elecsys Myoglobin STAT Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866,5680$ Regulation Name: Myoglobin immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: DDR Dated: September 30, 2009 Received: October 1, 2009

Dear Mr. Rogers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the. Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Cc

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Direct1   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K083260

Device Name:  Elecsys Myoglobin Immunoassay

# Indications For Use:

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of myoglobin in human serum and plasma.The Elecsys Myoglobin assay is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of heart and renal disease.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Iu62

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K083260

Device Name: Elecsys Myoglobin STAT Immunoassay

# Indications For Use:

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of myoglobin in human serum and plasma. The Elecsys Myoglobin STAT assay is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of heart and renal disease.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

162

Diviston Sign-Off   
ffice of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) 1083260