# DEC 1 1 2009

# 510(K) SUMMARY

# Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: k083845

Purpose for Submission: New Device.

# Measurand:

CFTR (cystic Fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator) gene from human blood specimens

Type of Test: Qualitative nucleic acid multiplex test.

Applicant:   
Luminex Molecular Diagnostics Inc. 439 University Ave.   
Toronto, ON M5G 1Y8 Canada   
Tel: 416.593.4323 x374   
Fax: 416.593.1001   
Contact person: Gloria Lee

Proprietary and Established Names: xTAG® Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2

Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation Section:   
21 CFR 866.5900, CFTR (cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator) gene mutation detection system

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product Code:NUA

4. Panel: Immunology (82)

# Intended Use:

T A®ysr 0k  s deviuss tc neny  panen ula includes mutations and variants currently recommended by he American College o Medical Genetics and American Colle f Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACMG/ACOG) plus somef the world's most common and North American atus  0  ualiv oypn hi povi o i diagnostic testing in newborns and children.

diagnostic purposes.

Indication(s) for use: same as intended use.

Special conditions for use statement(s):

T diagnostic purposes.

Special instrument requirements: Luminex 100 or 200 instrument

# Device Description:

The xTAG CFTR 60 kit v2 includes the following components:

xTAG PCR Primer Mix v2 xTAG ASPE Mix A v2 xTAG ASPE Mix B v2   
• xTAG Bead Mix A v2   
√ xTAG Bead Mix B.v2   
→ xTAG 10X Buffer   
√ Platinum TFI Exo(-) DNA Polymerase   
• Platinum® TFI Reaction Buffer, 5x   
• TFI 50mM $\mathbf { M g C l } _ { 2 }$ EPY   
• xTAG Shrimp Alkaline Phosphatase xTAG Exonuclease I . xTAG Strepavidin-Phycoerythrin Conjugate

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): xTAG® Cystic Fibrosis kit

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): k043011, k060627

# 510(k) summary for $\mathbf { x T A G } ^ { \otimes }$ CFTR 60 kit v2 Luminex Molecular Diagnostics Inc.

# 3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG Cystic Fibrosis kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The xTAG Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2 is adevice used to simultaneously detect andidentify a panel of mutations and variantsin the cystic fibrosis transmembraneconductance regulator (CFTR) gene inhuman blood specimens.   The panelincludes mutations and variants currentlyrecommended by the American College ofMedical Genetics and American College ofObstetricians     and     Gynecologists(ACMG/ACOG), plus some of the worldsmost common and North American-prevalent mutations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The xTAG Cystic Fibrosis kit is a device used tosimultaneously detect and identify a panel ofmutations and variants in the cystic fibrosistransmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR)gene in human blood specimens. The panelincludes  mutations and variants currentlyrecommended by the American College ofMedical Genetics and American College ofObstetricians       . and         Gynecologists(ACMG/ACOG), plus some of the worlds mostcommon  and  North American-prevalentmutations.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The xTAG Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2 is aqualitative genotyping test which providesinformation intended to be used for carriertesting in adults of reproductive age, as anaid in newborn: screening, andinconfirmatory diagnostic testing  innewborns and children.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The xTAG Cystic Fibrosis kit is a qualitativegenotyping test which provides informationintended to be used for carrier testing in adults ofreproductive age, as an aid in newborn screening.and in confirmatory diagnostic testing innewborns and children.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contra-Indications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The kit is not indicated for use in fetaldiagnostic or pre-implantation testing. Thiskit is also not indicated for stand-alonediagnostic purposes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The kit is not indicated for use in fetal diagnosticor pre-implantation testing. This kit is also notindicated for stand-alone diagnostic purposes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex PCR followed by multiplexallele specific primerextension−forgenotyping, · hybridizedtomultiplexfluorescent microparticles, detected byflow cytometry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex PCR followed by multiplex allelespecificprimerextension for genotyping,hybridized    to    multiplex    fluorescentmicroparticles, detected by flow cytometry.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductDescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests for 60 mutations and 4. variants in theCFTR gene (23 of which are recommendedby ACMG/ ACOG).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests for 39 mutations and 4 variants in theCFTR gene (23 of which are recommended byACMG/ ACOG).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral human whole blood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral human whole blood.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex 100 or 200 IS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex 100 or 200 IS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDAS CFTR contains 1 template to detectmutations. . Software masking functionwhere user can chose to display results foronly the ACMG / ACOG 23 mutations orthe full panel of mutations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TDAS CF-I contains 1 template to detectmutations.</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

American College of Medical Genetics (ACMG) / American Colege of Obstetricians and Gynecologists Technical Standards and Guidelines or CTRMutation Testing and Standards and Guidelines or Clinical GeneticLaboratories Cystic Fibrosis Foundation/ Center for Disease Control Recommendations on Newborn Screening for CF ACla  SpecialontoGuic: ualiy ontaterial r ysicbroi ucleicissays an 07 FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance: CFTR Gene Mutation Detection Systems (Oct 2005) CDRH Draft Guidanceon Multiplex Tests or Heritable DNA Markers, Mutations and Expression Paterns (Feb203)

# 510(k) summary for xTAG® CFTR 60 kit v2 Luminex Molecular Diagnostics Inc.

CDRH Draft Guidance on Statistical Guidance on Reporting Results from Studies Evaluating DiagnosticTests Ma   
2003)   
CDRH Guidance for the Content of Pre-Market Submission for Software Contained in Medical Devices (May 1998   
CDRH Guidance on General Principles of Software Validation (Jan 2002)   
CDRH Guidance on Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 5 10ks (Aug 2005)   
MM01-A2: Molecular Diagnostic Methods for Genetic Diseases   
MM13-PE: Collection, Transport, Preparation, and Storage of Specimens for Molecular Methods   
MM17-A: Verification and Validation of Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assays   
EP05-A2: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Clinical Chemistry Devices   
E07-A2E: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry   
EP12-A: User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance   
EP17-A: Protocols for Determining Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation

# Test Principle:

The TAGsFs 0 k  CR hic  h ASEractns  nB)an sbsequety  sparat e hyrzatctins  anB)DNA sample n e cee r 0 TRtans and arits (ben polymhisThe port he TAG Cys kit v2 simultaneously screens for the 23 mutations and 4 variants currently recommended by ACMG/ACOG, plus 1078delT and 16 of the worlds most common and North American-prevalent mutations. The 'B' portion of the xTAG Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2 simultaneously screens for 21 CFTR gene mutations.

TS v with Exonuclease I (EXO) to degrade any primers let over from the PCR reaction. Following AP/EXO-treatent, a ${ \mathsf { S } } { \mathsf { - } } { \mathsf { \pmb { \mu } } } { \mathbf { L } }$ E aliquot of the treated PCR product is used in each of the ASPE 'A' and $\mathbf { \delta B } ^ { \prime }$ reactions. Each ASPE reaction product is sorted SteptavidinR-hycyhri conjugat reportesolution).mpe eadn h Lumiex10/00analy fvau pt heupue e nalyz he TAGDtalyi Soa DAFTR).

F assay:

Option 1: Full Panel (60 mutations/deletions $^ { + 4 }$ variants).   
Option 2: ACMG/ACOG panel (23 mutations and deletions).

Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

Clinical Performance Characteristics: a) Method Comparison Studies / Accuracy:

A iyapo specmens. These specimens were supplemented with genomic NAs rom EBV-transormed lymphoid cell ines, and several custom-designed plasmids engineered to contain- CFTRmutations each.Archived clinical genomicDNA samples were obtained from a variety of sources.

The DA cleare TAG CysFibroisKit k03011and k0606was use s e cparatorr the panea and dideoxy-sequencing was used for the panel B mutations.

510(k) summary for $\mathbf { x T A G } ^ { \otimes }$ CFTR 60 kit v2 Luminex Molecular Diagnostics Inc.

Hets or homozygous mutants. The xTAG Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2 demonstrated $100 \%$ accuracy after allowable re-runs.

Analytical Performance Characteristics: a) Precision/Reproducibility:

A Fibrosis 60 kit v2.

v l DNA extracted fromlymphoid cell lines, and/or plasmis. Each t f amples contained samples repreentill v run in duplicate. A total of three (3) assay lots were tested (1 lot / site).

s  al alleles, with a precision of $> 9 9 . 9 9 \%$ after allowable re-runs across 3 sites, between 6 operators (2 per site) and between t ot al ot T odol a s te, 30 nerated a dF508 HET call an 6 enerated a F08 Mu calBth results eaccurae when taki consideration the definition of a Mu D call (i.e. only the mutant allele is detected).

Per sample: The xTAG Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit $\mathbf { v } 2$ assay detects mutant / variant / wild-type alleles of the 60 loci assayed with reproducibility (after allowed. reruns) of $9 1 . 6 7 \%$ for allele 2307insA, $9 9 . 5 7 \%$ for allele dF508mut, and $1 0 0 . 0 0 \%$ for the l 2307insA mutation (2 Whole Blood DNA and 1 Blood Spot DNA) were correctly identified by this assay.

b) Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (controls, calibrators, or methods): N/A

c)Detection Limit and range of assay:

Genomic DNA samples representing a subset of mutations in the CFTR 60 kit $\mathbf { v } \dot { 2 }$ test were assayed at the following concentrations: 300, 150, 50, 25, 12.5, 6.25, 3.125, 1.56, 0.78 and $0 . 3 9 \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ .Each sample was run in duplicate. Genomic DNAho i data across all samples were pooled. The lowest concentration giving an apparent assay failure rate of $55 \%$ was considered an estimator of the LoD. The proposed assay lower bound (LB) was set at a concentration $( \mathbf { C } ^ { \star } )$ lying at or slightly above the estimated LoD. At concentration $\mathbf { C } ^ { \ast }$ , 22 replicates of each of the 10 genomic DNAs were run along with 8 negative u  B range was determined to be $2 \approx \mu \mathrm { L }$ and $3 0 0 \mathrm { \ n g / \mu L }$ , respectively. The LoD was determined to be $1 . 5 6 \ : \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ .

d) Analytical Specificity / Interfering Sub stances:

AI whole blood samples $( 1 5 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ hemoglobin, $2 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ bilirubin, and $3 0 \mathrm { m g / m L }$ mixture of triglycerides). Eight whole b ex s ae  ultail whole blood produced a significant inhibitory effect on the performance of the CFTR 60 kit v2.

eAssay Cut-off: N/A

Luminex Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Gloria Lee, Ph.D.   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
439 University Avenue, Suite 2000 Toronto, Ontario   
Canada M5G 1Y8

# DEC 1 1 2009

Re: k083845 Trade/Device Name: xTAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cystic Fibrosis 60 Kit v2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 9 0 0$ EPY Regulation Name: CFTR (cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator) gene mutation detection system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NUA Dated: December 8, 2009 Received: December 9, 2009

Dear Dr. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2 - Gloria Lee, Ph.D.

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

ManaiI Chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k083845

Device Name: xTAG® Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2

Indications For Use:

The $\mathbf { x T A G } ^ { \otimes }$ Cystic Fibrosis $6 0 \mathrm { k i t } \mathrm { v } 2$ is a device used to simultaneously detect and identify a panel of mutations and variants in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) gene in human blood specimens. The panel includes mutations and variants currently recommended by the American College of Medical Genetics and American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACMG/ACOG) plus some of the world's most common and North American prevalent mutations. The xTAG Cystic Fibrosis 60 kit v2 is a qualitative genotyping test which provides information intended to be used for carrier testing in adults of reproductive age, as an aid in newborn screening, and in confirmatory diagnostic testing in newborns and children.

The kit is not indicated for use in fetal diagnostic or pre-implantation testing. This kit is also not indicated for stand-alone diagnostic purposes.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of

Office of In Vit Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) k083845