This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:  K091052

# 1. Applicant Information:

Date Prepared:   
Name:   
Address:

January 12, 2010 Abaxis, Inc. 3240 Whipple Road Union City, CA 94587

Contact Person: Dennis M. Bleile, PhD Phone Number: (510) 675-6515 Fax Number: (510) 405-8871

2. Device Information:

Classification Class.II Trade Name: Piccolo® C-Reactive Protein Test System

Classification Name: C-Reactive Protein Test system 866.5270

# 3. Identification of legally marketed device to which the submitter claims equivalence:

The following table identifies the legally marketed device to which Abaxis claims equivalence:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date of SEDetermination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High SensitivityC-Reactive ProteinSynchron LX20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc. (Brea, CA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K070626</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05/04/07</td></tr></table>

# 4. Description of the Device:

The Piccolo MetLyte Plus CRP Reagent Disc (which contains the Piccolo C-Reactive Protein Test System) is designed for lithium heparinized whole blood, lithium heparinized plasma, and serum, only. The disc meters the required quantity of sample and diluent, mixes the sample with diluent, and delivers the mixture to the

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness (continued)

reaction cuvettes along the disc perimeter. The diluted sample mixes with the reagent beads, initiating the chemical reactions that are then monitored by the analyzer.

# 5. Statement of Intended Use:

The Piccolo C-Reactive Protein Test System used with the Piccolo xpress Chemistry Analyzer is intended to be used for the in vitro quantitative determination of CRP concentration in lithium heparinized whole blood, lithium heparinized plasma, or serum in a clinical laboratory setting or point of care location. This test is not intended for high sensitivity CRP measurement.

6. Summary of the technological characteristics of the new device in comparison to those of the predicate device:

Table 1 outlines the technological characteristics of the Piccolo C-Reactive Protein Test System in comparison to the legally marketed predicate device.

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness (continued)

Table 1: Specification Comparison: Piccolo C-Reactive Protein Test System & Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piccolo xpress Chemistry Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Synchron LX20Chemistry System K070626</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative analysis ofC-Reactive Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative analysis ofC-Reactive Protein</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enhanced latex-agglutinationturbidimetric immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Particle-agglutination rateturbidimetric immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium heparinized whole blood,lithium heparinized plasma, and serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma and serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dynamic Range,Lower Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dry test-specific reagent beads andliquid diluent; reconstitution performedby analyzerActive ingredients:Anti-CRP antibody-coated latexparticles (latex particle-boundmouse monoclonal anti-CRPantibody)Anti-CRP goat antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid reagentsActive ingredients:Anti-CRP antibody-coatedparticles (particle-boundgoat and mouse anti-CRP.antibody)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature ofReaction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bar code with factorycalibrated lot specific data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-point adjusted, pre-determined calibration curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 - 200.0 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 80.0 mg/L(60 - 380.0 mg/L ORDAC*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 100 uL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μL(12 μL ORDAC*)</td></tr></table>

Beckman LX20 has an "Overrange Detection and Correction" for samples that exceed the 80.0 mg/L limit. This is an automated process within the analyzer that retests with a smaller sample volume.

Note: The Beckman system has been cleared for "high sensitivity" measurements, while the Abaxis system is seeking clearance for a "conventional, quantitative CRP" method, only. Still, The Beckman and the Abaxis systems share sufficient test system and performance characteristics so that the Synchron LX20 CRP assay may serve as the legal and functional predicate.

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness (continued)

7. Brief discussion of the clinical and nonclinical tests relied on for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Tables 2 & 3 summarize the results of clinical and non-clinical tests performed using the Piccolo C-Reactive Protein Test System.

# Linearity:

Table 2: Summary of Linearity   

<table><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>C-Reactive</td></tr><tr><td>Protein</td></tr><tr><td>Slope 1.037</td></tr><tr><td>Intercept -0.764</td></tr></table>

# Precision:

Precision studies were designed to evaluate within-run and total precision of the CReactive Protein Test System when run on the Piccoloxpress Chemistry Analyzer.

Table 3: Within-Run and Total Precision for C-Reactive Protein, Assayed on the Piccolo xpress Chemistry Analyzer   

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Within-Run</td><td></td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>C-Reactive Protein (mg/L)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Serum Level 1 (n = 80)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>8.3</td><td></td><td>8.3</td></tr><tr><td>SD %CV</td><td>0.70</td><td></td><td>0.81</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>8.4</td><td></td><td>9.8</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Level 2 (n = 40)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>8.1</td><td></td><td>8.1</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.49</td><td></td><td>0.51</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>6.1</td><td></td><td>6.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Level 3 (n = 40)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>8:8</td><td></td><td>8.8</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>0.54</td><td></td><td>0.54</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>6.2</td><td></td><td>6.2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness (continued)

Table 3 (continued)

<table><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>Within-Run</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>C-Reactive Protein (mg/L)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plasma 1 (n = 40)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>34.5</td><td>34.5</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>1.04</td><td>1.09</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>3.0</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plasma 2 (n = 40) Mean</td><td>105.5</td><td>105.5</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>2.06</td><td>2.30</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>1.9</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 1 (n = 80)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>33.0</td><td>33.0</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>1.21</td><td>2.12</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>3.7</td><td>6.4</td></tr><tr><td>Control Level 2 (n = 80)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>108.0</td><td>108.0</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>1.88</td><td>3.14</td></tr><tr><td>%CV</td><td>1.7</td><td>2.9</td></tr></table>

# Sample Type Comparison:

A study was conducted to examine and compare results for lithium heparinized whole bloo, lithiu heparinized plasma, and serum n he Piccolo press Cheisty Analyzer.

Lithium heparinized whole blood, lithium heparinized plasma, and serum comparability was established for CRP.

# 8. Conclusions

The clinical and non-clinical tests performed for CRP, when run on the Piccolo xpress Chemistry Analyzer, demonstrate that the test system is as safe, effective and performs as well as the legally marketed device identified above.

Abaxis, Inc   
c/o Dennis M. Bleile   
Director of Assay Performance & Compliance   
3240 Whipple Rd   
Union City, California 94587

Re: k091052 Trade/Device Name: Piccolo ${ } ^ { \mathfrak { G } } \complement$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 2 7 0$ E Regulation Name: C-reactive protein immunological test system Regulatory Class: I Product Code: DCN Dated: January 5, 2010 Received: January 7, 2010

Dear Mr. Bleile:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use staten the enclosure to legall markete predicate devics markete inntersae commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, andCosmeticAct (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device isclasified (see above)into class  (Special Controls), it ay be sbject o such aditional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.You must

comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100.or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Gene Silip Pon Maria M. Chan, Ph.D. Director Divisioni of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K091052

Device Name: Piccolo® C-Reactive Protein Test System

# Intended Use:

The Piccolo® C-Reactive Protein Test System used with the Piccolo xpress™ Chemistry Analyzer is intended to be used for the in vitro quantitative determination of CRP concentration in lithium heparinized whole blood, lithium heparinized plasma, or serum l t sensitivity CRP measurement.

# Indications for Use:

CReactive Protein es results dn the evalation  infection, ssue injury n inflammatory disorders in conjunction with her laboratory and clinical findigs.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Devices (OIVD)

Office of in Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 610(k. k091052