# 510(k) Summary

# Applicant Contact Information:

Applicant: Address:

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number:

Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director   
781-861-4467   
781-861-4207

Preparation Date:

March 3, 2010

# Device Trade Names:

HemosIL ™ AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgGHemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgMHemosIL  AcuStar Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG ControlsHemosIL ™ AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Controls

# Regulatory Information:

Classification Name:

Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system;   
Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed) Class II (Assays); Class I (Controls)   
21 CFR 866.5660 (Assays); 21 CFR 862.1660 (Controls) MSV (Antibodies, $\beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein I); JJX (Controls) Immunology

Device Class: Regulation No.: Product Code: Panel:

# Identification of Predicate Devices:

K031208   
K031208

REAADS IgG anti- ${ \boldsymbol { \cdot } } { \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ GPI Test Kit REAADS IgM anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ GPI Test Kit

# Device Indications for Uses:

HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti- ${ \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I (anti- $\cdot \mathsf { \{ B 2 G P I } $ $\mathtt { I g G }$ antibodies in human citrated plasma and serum on the ACL AcuStar, as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.   
• HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I (anti- $\cdot \mathsf { \beta } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P I } )$ $\mathrm { I g M }$ antibodies in human citrated plasma and serum on the ACL AcuStar as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.   
. HemosIL AcuStar Anti $\beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Controls: For the quality control of the Anti- ${ \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG assay performed on the ACL AcuStar. HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Controls: For the quality control of the Anti- ${ \boldsymbol { \cdot } } { \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ E Glycoprotein-I IgM assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

# Device Description:

HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\mathbf { \beta } \mathbf { \beta } \mathbf { \cdot } \mathbf { \beta } \mathbf { \beta }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG is a chemiluminescent two-step immunoassay consisting of magnetic particles coated with human purified $\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ which capture, if present, the antiEPY $\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ antiphospholipid antibodies from the sample. After incubation, magnetic separation, and a wash step, a tracer consisting of an isoluminol-labeled anti-human $\mathrm { I g } \mathsf { G }$ antibody is added and may bind with the captured anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P I }$ IgG on the particles. After a second incubation, magnetic separation, and wash step, reagents that trigger the luminescent reaction are added, and the emitted light is measured as relative light units (RLUs) by the ACL AcuStar optical system. The RLUs are directly proportional to the anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ IgG concentration in the sample.

The ACL AcuStar anti- $\cdot \mathsf { \{ \beta }  _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P I }$ IgG assay utilizes a 4 Parameter Logistic Curve (4PLC) fit data reduction method to generate a Master Curve. The Master Curve is predefined and lot dependent and it is stored in the instrument through the cartridge barcode. With the measurement of calibrators, the predefined Master Curve is transformed to a new, instrument specific 4PLC Working Curve. The concentration values of the calibrators are included in the calibrator tube barcodes.

HemosIL. AcuStar Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM is a chemiluminescent two-step immunoassay consisting of magnetic particles coated with human purified $\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ which capture, if present, the anti$\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ antiphospholipid antibodies from the sample. After incubation, magnetic separation, and a wash step, a tracer consisting of an isoluminol-labeled anti-human $\mathrm { I g } \mathrm { M }$ antibody is added and may bind with the captured anti- $\cdot \mathsf { \{ \{ \beta } _ { 2 } G P I  $ IgM on the particles. After a second incubation, magnetic separation, and wash step, reagents that trigger the luminescent reaction are added, and the emitted light is measured as relative light units (RLUs) by the ACL AcuStar optical system. The RLUs are directly proportional to the anti ${ \cdot } \mathsf { { B } } _ { 2 } \mathsf { { G P I } } \mathsf { { I g M } }$ concentration in the sample.

The ACL AcuStar anti ${ \cdot } \mathsf { { B } } _ { 2 } \mathsf { { G P I } } \mathsf { { I g } } \mathsf { { M } }$ assay utilizes a 4 Parameter Logistic Curve (4PLC) fit data reduction method to generate a Master Curve. The Master Curve is predefined and lot dependent and it is storedin the instrument through the cartridge barcode. With the measurement of calibrators, the predefined Master Curve is transformed to a new, instrument specific 4PLC Working Curve. The concentration values of the calibrators are included in the calibrator tube barcodes.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Controls: The Low and High Anti- $\cdot \{ \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Controls are prepared by means of a dedicated process and contain different concentrations of human anti ${ \bf \beta } \cdot { \bf \{ \beta \} } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG antibodies.

Low Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the normal or around cut-off anti- ${ \bf \cdot } { \bf \beta } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG levels.

High Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the abnormal anti- ${ \boldsymbol { \cdot } } { \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG levels.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti- ${ \bf \cdot } { \bf \beta } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Controls: The Low and High Anti- ${ \cdot \ B _ { 2 } }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Controls are prepared by means of a dedicated process and contain different concentrations of human anti ${ \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM antibodies.

Low Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the normal or around cut-off anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM levels.

High Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the abnormal anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM levels.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:HemosIL AcuStarAnti-β2 GPI IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:REAADS IgG Anti-β2GPI(K031208)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:HemosIL AcuStarAnti-β2 GPI IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:REAADS IgM Anti-β2GPI(K031208)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully automated chemiluminescentimmunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I (anti-βGPI)IgG antibodies in human citratedplasma and serum on the ACLAcuStar, as an aid in the diagnosisof thrombotic disorders related toprimary and secondaryAntiphospholipid Syndrome(APS) when used in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinicalfindings.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the detection and semi-quantitation of IgG anti-β2 GPIantibodies in human serum orplasma as an aid for assessingthe risk of thrombosis inindividuals with systemic lupuserythematosus (SLE) andlupus-like disorders (anti-phospholipid syndrome).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully automatedchemiluminescent immunoassayfor the semi-quantitativemeasurement of anti-β2Glycoprotein-I (anti-β2GPI) IgMantibodies in human citratedplasma and serum on the ACLAcuStar as an aid in the diagnosisof thrombotic disorders related toprimary and secondaryAntiphospholipid Syndrome(APS) when used in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinicalfindings.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the detection and semi-quantitation of IgM anti-βGPIantibodies in human serum orplasma as an aid for assessingthe risk of thrombosis inindividuals with systemic lupuserythematosus (SLE) andlupus-like disorders (anti-phospholipid syndrome).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step chemiluminescentimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step chemiluminescentimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two Calibrator Levels(Included in test kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three Calibrator Levels(Included in Test Kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two Calibrator Levels(Included in test kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three Calibrator Levels(Included in Test Kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low and High Controls(Sold Separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal and Positive Controls(Included in Test Kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low and High Controls(Sold Separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal and Positive Controls(Included in Test Kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 G Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 M Units</td></tr></table>

C e  c     c -

# Summary of Performance Data:

# Precision

Wthn n nd total precisin assesd over muliple us usg the respective assys with the to col levels and a plasma sample giving the following results:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgG</td><td rowspan="2">CV% (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (U/mL)</td><td>CV% (Within run)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar Low anti-β2GPI IgG Control</td><td>19.1</td><td>7.8%</td><td>11.2%</td></tr><tr><td>High anti-βGPI IgG Control</td><td>429</td><td>3.0%</td><td>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-βGPI IgG plasma sample A</td><td>14.7</td><td>6.9%</td><td>10.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgG plasma sample B</td><td>20.9</td><td>4.7%</td><td>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgG plasma sample C</td><td>58.1</td><td>3.2%</td><td>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgG plasma sample D</td><td>508</td><td>2.5%</td><td>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgG plasma sample E</td><td>1470</td><td>2.5%</td><td>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgG plasma sample F</td><td>2694</td><td>3.7%</td><td>3.7%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td rowspan="2">CV% (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (U/mL)</td><td>CV% (Within run)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar Low anti-β2GPI IgM Control</td><td>4.32</td><td>3.4%</td><td>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td>High anti-β2GPI IgM Control</td><td>63.0</td><td>2.4%</td><td>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgM plasma sample A</td><td>11.0</td><td>3.6%</td><td>5.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-βGPI IgM plasma sample B</td><td>13.6</td><td>4.5%</td><td>8.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgM plasma sample C</td><td>16.3</td><td>2.7%</td><td>6.6%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-βGPI IgM plasma sample D</td><td>91.9</td><td>2.4%</td><td>5.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgM plasma sample E</td><td>302</td><td>3.0% </td><td>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Anti-β2GPI IgM plasma sample F</td><td>510</td><td>4.1%</td><td>6.0%</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data (Cont.):

# Outcome Studies

Outcome studies were performed on 321 selected frozen citrated plasmas. These plasmas were from 6 different groups including selected individuals diagnosed as primary APS (PAPS), secondary APS (SAPS) systemic lupu eythematus (LE) but not PS nd LE-ike by anarbjecive tets.The fth roup was paents with cardiovascular disorders but not classified in the previous four groups. A group o apparently healthy people was also included.

The results summarized below are based on a cut-off of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { U / m L }$

Considering as positive the patient groups PAPS and SAPS the clinical Sensitivity, Specificity and Overall $\%$ EPY Agreement were:   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgG</td><td rowspan="2">% Positive</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>N (Positive)</td></tr><tr><td>Patient group PAPS</td><td>23</td><td>14</td><td>60.9%</td></tr><tr><td>SAPS</td><td>69</td><td>45</td><td>65.2%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE</td><td>115</td><td>20</td><td>17.4%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE-like</td><td>5</td><td>0</td><td>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Others</td><td>6</td><td>1</td><td>16.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Normals</td><td>103</td><td>0</td><td>0.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>System</td><td>N</td><td>Sensitivity (95% CI)</td><td>Specificity (95% CI)</td><td>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar</td><td>321</td><td>64.1% (53.5%-73.9%)</td><td>90.8% (86.3%-94.2%)</td><td>83.2% (78.6%-87.1%)</td></tr></table>

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM   

<table><tr><td>Patient group</td><td>N</td><td>N (Positive)</td><td>% Positive</td></tr><tr><td>PAPS</td><td>23</td><td>7</td><td>30.4%</td></tr><tr><td>SAPS</td><td>69</td><td>20</td><td>29.0%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE</td><td>115</td><td>10</td><td>8.7%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE-like</td><td>5</td><td>0</td><td>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Others</td><td>6</td><td>1</td><td>16.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Normals</td><td>103</td><td>0</td><td>0.0%</td></tr></table>

Considering as positive the patient groups PAPS and SAPS, the clinical Sensitivity, Specificity and Overall $\%$ EY Agreement were:   

<table><tr><td>System</td><td>N</td><td>Sensitivity (95% CI)</td><td>Specificity (95% CI)</td><td>Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar</td><td>321</td><td>29.3% (20.3%-39.8%)</td><td>95.2% (91.6%-97.6%)</td><td>76.3% (71.3%-80.9%)</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data (Cont.):

# Method Comparison Studies

# HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgG

The samples used in the clinical performance study that were within the compared methods' test ranges were measured in a Method Comparison study with REAADS $\mathrm { I g } \mathrm { G }$ Anti $\mathsf { \{ B }  _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P I }$ Test Kit. $\%$ Positive, Negative and Overall Agreement were:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2GPI IgG</td><td colspan="2">ELISA Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>Positive</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>80</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>19</td><td>51</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>N</td><td>% Positive Agreement (95% CI)</td><td>% Negative Agreement (95% CI)</td><td>% Overall Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ELISA Assay</td><td>150</td><td>100.0% (93.0%-100.0%)</td><td>80.8% (71.7%-88.0%)</td><td>87.3% (80.9%-92.2%)</td></tr></table>

# HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM

The samples used in the clinical performance study that were within the compared methods' test ranges were measured in a Method Comparison study with REAADS $\mathrm { I g } \mathrm { M }$ Anti $\cdot \mathsf { \{ { \beta } _ { 2 } G P I } $ Test Kit. $\%$ Positive, Negative and Overall Agreement were:

ELISA Assay HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { \{ \beta }  _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P I }$ IgM Negative Positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegativePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">% Positive Agreement (95% CI)</td><td rowspan="2">% Negative Agreement (95% CI)</td><td rowspan="2">t % Overall Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>N</td></tr><tr><td>ELISA Assay</td><td>205</td><td>63.8% (48.5%-77.3%)</td><td>96.8% (92.8%-99.0%)</td><td>89.3% (84.2%-93.2%)</td></tr></table>

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. c/o Carol Marble Regulatory Affairs Director 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

Re: k091556 Trade/Device Name:

HemosIL TM AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgG   
HemosIL™M AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta 2$ Glycoprotein-I IgM   
HemosIL ™M AcuStar Anti $\boldsymbol { \cdot } \beta \boldsymbol { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Controls   
HemosIL TM AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta 2$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Controls   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 6 6 0$ EPY   
Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system   
Class II   
MSV, JJX   
May 14, 2010   
May 17, 2010 Regulation Number: Regulation Name: Regulatory Class:   
Product Code:   
Dated:   
Received:

Dear Carol Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class I (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Page 2 - Carol Marble

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Mana I.Wan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): K09 /5S

Devices Name: HemosIL™ AcuStar Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgGHemosIL™ AcuStar Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Controls

# Indications for Use:

HemosIL T AcuStar Anti- ${ \bf \cdot } { \bf \beta } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti- ${ \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I (anti- $\cdot \mathsf { \beta } _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ ) IgG antibodies in human citrated plasma and serum on the ACL AcuStarT™M, as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

HemosIL™ AcuStar Anti. $\cdot \ B _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG Controls: For the quality control of the Anti ${ \cdot \mathsf { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgG assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

eena Plilip Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K k091556

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): k0915560

Devices Name: HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM HemosIL ™ AcuStar Anti- ${ \cdot \mathsf { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM Controls

# Indications for Use:

HemosIL™ AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti- $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I (anti- $\cdot \mathsf { \beta } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P I }$ $\mathrm { I g } \mathrm { M }$ antibodies in human citrated plasma and serum on the ACL AcuStar™M as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

HemosILT AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM Controls: For the quality control of the Anti $\cdot \beta _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.