EUROIMMUN US INC. c/o Ms. Kathryn Kohl Managing Director 429 Rockaway Valley Road Unit 1200 Boonton Township, NJ 07005

Re: k091969 Trade/Device Name: EUROIMMUN Anti- Desmoglein 1 ELISA (IgG) EUROIMMUN Anti- Desmoglein 3 ELISA (IgG) Regulation Number: 21 CFR§866.5660 Regulation Name: Multiple autoantibodies Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBO Dated: August 2, 2010 Received: August 9, 2010

Dear Ms. Kohl:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act

Page 2 - Ms. Kathryn Kohl

or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Smal Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Mana In tow

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

ATTACHMENT 2   
K091969

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number (if known): K091969

Device Name:

Anti-Desmoglein 1 ELISA (IgG) Anti-Desmoglein 3 ELISA (IgG)

Indications For Use:

The EUROiMMUN Anti-Desmoglein 1 ELISA (gG) test kit is intended for the qualitative or semi-quantitative deteination gGclss utntibodies agaist deglehuan seruman plasma t is useas the diagnosis of pemphigus foliaceus (PF), in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

The EUROIMUN Anti-Desmoglein 3 ELIA gG) test kit is intended for the qualitativeor semi-quantitative deteinatin  gGcss utntibdies agais degle inuma seru ad plasma Iisused s the diagnosis of pemphigus vulgaris (PV), in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (OIVD)

Zeene Phily Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K k091969