# 510(k) Summary for Dimension Vista® IGG Subclass 1 Assay Dimension Vista® IGG Subclass 2 Assay Dimension Vista® IGG Subclass 3 Assay Dimension Vista® IGG Subclass 4 Assay

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:  0 92 2  3

# 1. Manufacturer's Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation:

Manufacturer:

Siemens Healthcare Product GmbH Emil von Behring Str. 76 Marburg, 35041 Germany

Contact Information:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, Delaware 19714-6101   
Attn: Kathleen Dray-Lyons   
Tel: 781-826-4551   
Fax: 781-826-2497

Preparation date: September 9, 2009

2. Device Name:

Dmsion Visa® IGG Fle® e Dimension Vista® IGG2 Flex® reagent cartride Dmension Vista IGG Fle eagent cari Dimension Vista® IGG4 Flex® reagent cartridge

Classification: Product Code: Panel:

IGG (Gamma Chain Specific), Class II   
DFZ   
Immunology (82)

3. Identification of the Legally Marketed Device:

Siemens N Antisera to Human IgG subclasses 1 and 2   
Siemens N Latex IgG Subclasses 3 and 4

# 4. Device Description:

Dimension Vista® IGG 1-2 Flex® reagent cartridge

Proteins contained in human body fluids form immune complexes in an immunochemical reaction with specific antibodies. These complexes scatter a beam of light passed through the sample. The intensity of the scattered light is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

# Dimension Vista® IGG 3-4 Flex® reagent cartridge

Antibodies as well as polystyrene particles coated with antibodies specific to human IGG3 or IGG4 are aggregated when mixed with samples containing IGG3 or IGG4. These aggregates scatter a beam of light passed through the sample. The intensity of the scattered light is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

# 5. Device Intended Use:

Dimension Vista® IGG1 Flex® Reagent Cartridge:

The IGG1 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 1 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of immunoglobulin G subclass 1 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

# Dimension Vista® IGG Flex®eagent carrge

The IGG2 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 2 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of immunoglobulin G subclass 2 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

Dmnsion Visa® IGG Flex egnt are

The IGG3 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 3 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of immunoglobulin G subclass 3 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

# DmsionVis® IGG Fe® ret ar

The 1GG4 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 4 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of immunoglobulin $\textsf { G }$ subclass 4 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

# 6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed and comparison information:

The Dimension Vista® IGG1, 2, 3 and 4 reagent cartridges are substantially equivalent to the Siemens N Antisera to Human IgG Subclasses 1 and 2 assay and Siemens N Latex IgG3 and 4 respectively. The Dimension Vista® IGG1, 2, 3 and 4 assays, like the N Antisera to Human IgG Subclasses 1 and 2 and N Latex IGG 3 and 4 assays are an in vitro diagnostic reagents for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 1-4 in human serum and plasma.

# 7. Device Performance Characteristics:

The Dimension Vista® IGG 1 and 2 assays were compared to N Antiserum to Human IgG Subclasses 1 and 2 on the BN ProSpec® System. Regression analysis of these results yielded the following equations:

# Method Comparison Study

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterceptLg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimension Vista® IGG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.994</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimension VistaIGG2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">147</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.994</td></tr></table>

The Dimension Vista® IGG 3 and 4 assays were compared to N N Latex IgG3 and $| \ g G 4$ on the BN ProSpec System. Regression analysis of these results yielded the following equations:

Method Comparison Study   

<table><tr><td>Slope Intercept Correlation Coefficient</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension VistaIGG3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension VistaIGG4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr></table>

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
c/o Ms. Kathleen Ann Dray-Lyons   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
500 GBC Drive   
PO Box 6101   
Newark, DE 19714

Re: k092283 raDevice Name: Dimenson Vista® IgG Subclass 1 Flex reagent artge Dmnson Via  Subs  Flx® Dimension Vista® IgG Subclass 3 Flex® reagent cartridge Dimension Vista® IgG Subclass 4 Flex® reagent cartridge Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866,5510$ E Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, and E Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class Ⅱ Product Code: DFZ Dated: July 27, 2009 Received: July 29, 2009

Dear Ms. Dray-Lyons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class  (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Page 2 - Ms. Kathleen Ann Dray-Lyons

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

30 I Chaw

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k)Number: K092283

# Device Name: Dimension Vista $\textcircled{1}$ Immunoglobulin G Subclass 1 Flex® reagent cartridge

Indications for Use: The IgG1 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 1 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of immunoglobulin G subclass 1 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of in vitro Diagnostic devices (OIVD)

Rerna CPlilip

Page 1 of 4

Office of in Viro Diagnostit Device Evaluation and Safen 510m 092283

# Indications for Use

510(k)Number: K092283

# Device Name: Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Immunoglobulin G Subclass 2 Flex reagent cartridge

Indications for Use: The IgG2 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 2 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System. Measurements of immunoglobulin G subclass 2 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of in vitro Diagnostic devices (OIVD)

Page 2 of 4

Omce of in Vitro Diagnoslk. Devloe Evoluation ond Safely

k092283

# Indications for Use

510(k)Number: K092283

# Device Name: Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Immunoglobulin G Subclass 3 Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge

Indications for Use: The IgG3 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 3 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Measurements of immunoglobulin G subclass 3 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE. ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of in vitro Diagnostic devices (OIVD)

Page 3 of 4

Omice of in Viho Diagnosth Deviee Evolualon and Safon k092283

# Indications for Use

510(k)Number: K092283

# Device Name: Dimension Vista® Immunoglobulin G Subclass 4 Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge

Indications for Use: The IgG4 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of immunoglobulin G subclass 4 in human serum, heparinized plasma and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System. Measurements of immunoglobulin G subclass 4 aid in the diagnosis of plasma cell antibody forming abnormalities in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of in vitro Diagnostic devices (OIVD)

Page 4 of 4

Reana Pllip

Ofice of in Vimo ,2 '. " Dovco Evolugn k092283