# 510(k) Summary

# Applicant Contact Information:

# Applicant: Address:

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number:

Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director   
781-861-4467   
781-861-4207

Preparation Date:

March 3, 2010

# Device Trade Names:

HemosIL™ AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgGHemosIL™ AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgMHemosIL™ AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG ControlsHemosIL™ AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Controls

# Regulatory Information:

Classification Name:

Multiple Autoantibodies Immunological Test System;   
Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed) Class ⅡI (Assays); Class 1 (Controls)   
21 CFR 866.5660 (Assays); 21 CFR 862.1660 (Controls)   
MID (System Test, Anti-Cardiolipin Immunological); JJX (Controls) Immunology (82)

Device Class: Regulation No.: Product Code: Panel:

# Identification of Predicate Devices:

REAADS Anti-Cardiolipin IgG/IgM Semi-Quantitative Test Kit

# Device Indications for Uses:

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL) IgG antibodies in human citrate plasma and serum on the ACL™ AcuStar as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL) IgM antibodies in human citrated plasma and serum on the ACL™ AcuStar, as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Controls: For the quality control of the Anti-Cardiolipin IgG assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Controls: For the quality control of the Anti-Cardiolipin IgM assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

# Device Description:

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG is a chemiluminescent two-step immunoassay consisting of magnetic particles coated with cardiolipin and human purified $\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ which capture, if present, the aCL antiphospholipid antibodies from the sample. After incubation, magnetic separation and a wash step, a tracer consisting of an isoluminol-labeled anti-human IgG antibody is added and may bind with the captured aCL IgG on the particles. After a second incubation, magnetic separation, and wash step, reagents that trigger the luminescent reaction are added, and the emitted light is measured as relative light units (RLUs) by the ACL AcuStar optical system. The RLUs are directly proportional to the aCL IgG concentration in the sample.

The ACL AcuStar aCL IgG assay utilizes a 4 Parameter Logistic Curve (4PLC) fit data reduction method to generate a Master Curve. The Master Curve is predefined and lot dependent and it is stored in the instrument through the cartridge barcode. With the measurement of calibrators, the predefined Master Curve is transformed to a new, instrument specific 4PLC Working Curve. The concentration values of the calibrators are included in the calibrator tube barcodes.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM is a chemiluminescent two-step immunoassay consisting of magnetic particles coated with cardiolipin and human purified $\beta _ { 2 } \mathrm { G P I }$ which capture, if present, the aCL antiphospholipid antibodies from the sample. After incubation, magnetic separation, and a wash step, a tracer consisting of an isoluminol-labeled anti-human IgM antibody is added and may bind with the captured aCL IgM on the particles. After a second incubation, magnetic separation, and wash step, reagents that trigger the luminescent reaction are added, and the emitted light is measured as relative light units (RLUs) by the ACL AcuStar optical system. The RLUs are directly proportional to the aCL IgM concentration in the sample.

The ACL AcuStar aCL IgM assay utilizes a 4 Parameter Logistic Curve (4PLC) fit data reduction method to generate a Master Curve. The Master Curve is predefined and lot dependent and it is stored in the instrument through the cartridge barcode. With the measurement of calibrators, the predefined Master Curve is transformed to a new, instrument specific 4PLC Working Curve. The concentration values of the calibrators are included in the calibrator tube barcodes.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Controls: The Low and High Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Controls are prepared by means of a dedicated process and contain different concentrations of human aCL IgG antibodies.

Low Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the normal or around cut-off aCL lgG levels.   
High Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the abnormal aCL IgG levels.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Controls: The Low and High Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Cool   n aCL IgM antibodies.

Low Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the normal or around cut-off aCL IgM levels. • High Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Control: Control intended for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the assay at the abnormal aCL IgM levels.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:HemosIL AcuStarAnti-Cardiolipin IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:REAADSAnti-Cardiolipin IgGK022992)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:HemosIL AcuStarAnti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:REAADSAnti-Cardiolipin IgM(K022992)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully automatedchemiluminescent immunoassayfor the semi-quantitativemeasurement of anti-cardiolipin(aCL) IgG antibodies in humancitrate plasma and serum on theACLTM AcuStar as an aid in thediagnosis of thrombotic disordersrelated to primary and secondaryAntiphospholipid Syndrome(APS) when used in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinicalfindings.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An enzyme-linkedimmunoassay for the semi-quantitative determination ofanti-cardiolipin IgG antibodiesin human serum or plasma.For the detection and semi-quantitation of anti-cardiolipinantibodics in individuals withsystemic lupus erythematosus(SLE) and lupus-like disorders(anti-phospholipid syndrome).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully automatedchemiluminescent immunoassayfor the semi-quantitativemeasurement of anti-cardiolipin(aCL) IgM antibodies in humancitrated plasma and serum on theACLTM AcuStar, as an aid in thediagnosis of thrombotic disordersrelated to primary and secondaryAntiphospholipid Syndrome(APS) when used in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinicalfindings.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An enzyme-linkedimmunoassay for the semi-quantitative determination ofanti-cardiolipin IgM antibodiesin human serum or plasma.For the detection and semi-quantitation of anti-cardiolipinantibodies in individuals withsystemic lupus erythematosus(SLE) and lupus-like disorders(anti-phospholipid syndrome).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step chemiluminescentimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step chemiluminescentimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two Calibrator Levels(Included in test kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three Calibrator Levels(Included in Test Kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two Calibrator Levels(Included in test kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three Calibrator Levels(Included in Test Kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low and High Controls(Sold Separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal and Positive Controls(Included in Test Kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low and High Controls(Sold Separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal and Positive Controls(Included in Test Kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 GPL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 MPL</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

# Precision

Within un nd total precision assessed over multipl uns using the respetive assays with the two nol levels and a plasma sample giving the following results:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG</td><td rowspan="2">CV% (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (U/mL)</td><td>CV% (Within run)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar Low aCL IgG Control</td><td>16.4</td><td>6.8%</td><td>8.2%</td></tr><tr><td>High aCL IgG Control</td><td>158</td><td>6.1%</td><td>6.9%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample A</td><td>13.8</td><td>4.0%</td><td>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample B</td><td>19.1</td><td>3.7%</td><td>4.2%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample C</td><td>47.2</td><td>4.8%</td><td>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample D</td><td>515</td><td>3.7%</td><td>5.4%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample E</td><td>1029</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>3.5%</td><td>6.7%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan="2">CV% (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (U/mL)</td><td>CV% (Within run)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar Low aCL IgM Control</td><td>6.79</td><td>3.3%</td><td>4.9%</td></tr><tr><td>High aCL IgM Control</td><td>86.1</td><td>3.5%</td><td>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample A</td><td>14.7</td><td>3.0%</td><td>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgM plasma sample B</td><td>19.2</td><td>2.6%</td><td>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample C</td><td>19.5</td><td>2.6%</td><td>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample D</td><td>207</td><td>3.6%</td><td>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td>aCL IgG plasma sample E</td><td>556</td><td>6.8%</td><td>8.4%</td></tr></table>

# Outcome Studies

An outcome study was performed on 321 frozen citrated plasmas. These plasmas were from 6 different groups, including selected individuals diagnosed as primary APS (PAPS), secondary APS (SAPS), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) but not APS and SLE-like by standard objective tests. The fifth group was patients with cardiovascular disorders but not classified in the previous four groups. A groupof apparently healthy people was also included.

The results summarized below are based on a cut-off of $2 0 \ \mathrm { U / m L }$ :

Considering as positive the patint groups PAPS and SAPS the clinical Sensitivity, Specificity and Overall $\%$ EY Agreement were:   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG</td><td rowspan="2">% Positive</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>N (Positive)</td></tr><tr><td>Patient group PAPS</td><td>23</td><td>13</td><td>56.5%</td></tr><tr><td>SAPS</td><td>69</td><td>37</td><td>53.6%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE</td><td>115</td><td>9</td><td>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE-like</td><td>5</td><td>0</td><td>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Others</td><td>6</td><td>1</td><td>16.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Normals</td><td>103</td><td>0</td><td>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>System</td><td>N</td><td>Sensitivity (95% CI)</td><td>Specificity (95% Cl)</td><td>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar</td><td>321</td><td>54.3% (43.6%-64.8%)</td><td>95.6% (92.1%-97.9%)</td><td>83.8% (79.3%-87.7%)</td></tr></table>

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM   
Considering as positive the patient groups PAPS and SAPS, the clinical Sensitivity, Specificity and Overall $\%$ EY Agreement were:   

<table><tr><td>Patient group</td><td>N</td><td>N (Positive)</td><td>% Positive</td></tr><tr><td>PAPS</td><td>23</td><td>8</td><td>34.8%</td></tr><tr><td>SAPS</td><td>69</td><td>23</td><td>33.3%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE</td><td>115</td><td>10</td><td>8.7%</td></tr><tr><td>SLE-like</td><td>5</td><td>0</td><td>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Others</td><td>6</td><td>1</td><td>16.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Normals</td><td>103</td><td>1</td><td>1.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>System</td><td>N</td><td>Sensitivity (95% CI)</td><td>Specificity (95% CI)</td><td>Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar</td><td>321</td><td>33.7% (24.2%-44.3%)</td><td>94.8% (91.0%-97.3%)</td><td>77.3% (72.3%-81.7%)</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison Studies

# HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG

The samples us i he cnical peroran stuy that wee withn e cpar meto't ans wee measured in a Method Comparison study with REAADS Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Semi-Quantitative Test Kit. $\%$ Positive, Negative and Overall Agreement were:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosⅡL AcuStar aCL IgG</td><td colspan="2">ELISA Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>Positive</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>76</td><td>7</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>25</td><td>28</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Predicate Device N</td><td>% Positive Agreement (95% CI)</td><td>% Negative Agreement (95% CI)</td><td>% Overall Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ELISA Assay</td><td>136</td><td>80.0% (63.1%-91.6%)</td><td>75.2% (65.7%-83.3%)</td><td>76.5% (68.4%-83.3%)</td></tr></table>

# HcmosHL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM

The samples used i the cinical perorane study that wee within the copard methos'et ranes wee measured in a Method Comparison study with REAADS Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Semi-Quantitative Test Kit. $\%$ Positive, Negative and Overall Agreement were:

HemosIL AcuStar aCL IgM

ELISA Assay   

<table><tr><td>Negative</td><td>Positive</td></tr><tr><td>190</td><td>41</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>32</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Predicate Device</td><td>% Positive Agreement (95% CI)</td><td>% Negative Agreement (95% CI)</td><td>% Overall Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ELISA Assay</td><td>N 267</td><td>43.8% (32.2%-55.9%)</td><td>97.9% (94.8%-99.4%)</td><td>83.1% (78.1%-87.4%)</td></tr></table>

Instrumentation Laboratory, Inc. c/o Ms. Carol Marble . Regulatory Affairs Director 1 13 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

# MAR 1 1 2010

Re: k092181 Trade/Device Name: HemoSILTM AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG HemoSIL TM AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM HemoSILTM AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Controls HemoSIL TM AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MID, JJX Dated: March 3, 2010 Received: March 8, 2010

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbrandinig by reference to premarket notication" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

mana 2.chon

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): k092181

Devices Name: HemosIL™ AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Controls

Indications for Use:

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL) IgG antibodies in human citrate plasma and serum on the ACL TM AcuStar as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

•HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgG Controls: For the quality control of the AntiCardiolipin $\mathtt { l g G }$ assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): k092181

Devices Name: HemoslL™ AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM HemosILAcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin M Controls

# Indications for Use:

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL) IgM antibodies in human citrated plasma and serum on the ACLTM AcuStar, as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disorders related to primary and secondary Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Controls: For the quality control of the AntiCardiolipin $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { l g } } \boldsymbol { \mathrm { M } }$ assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

# Division Slgn-Off

# Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluatlon and Safety

570(KK092181