# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K100831.

# Submitter Information

Address:

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

Contact person:

Diana Dickson (610) 240-3917 dicksond@fdi.com

Summary preparation date: May 26, 2011

# Name of Device

Trade/Proprietary Name:

Common/Usual Name:

Regulation Number:

21 CFR 866.6010

Regulatory Class:

Class II

Product Code:

OVK

# Predicate Device

ARCHITECT CEA (K990774)

# Device Description

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA is a solid phase, non-competitive immunoassay based on two monoclonal antibodies (derived from mice) directed against two separate antigenic determinants of soluble fragments of cytokeratin 19. Calibrators, controls and patient samples are incubated together with biotinylated Anti-CYFRA 21-1 MAb and horseradish peroxidase (HRP) labeled Anti-CYFRA 21-1 MAb in streptavidin coated micro strips. After washing, buffered Substrate/Chromogen reagent (hydrogen peroxide and 3, 3', 5, 5' tetramethylbenzidine) is added to each well and the enzyme reaction is allowed to proceed. During the enzyme reaction a blue color wil develop if antigen is present. The intensity of the color development is proportional to the amount of CYFRA 21-1 present in the samples.

The color intensity is determined in a microplate spectrophotometer at 620 nm (or optionally at 405 nm after addition of Stop Solution).

Calibration curves are constructed for each assay by plotting absorbance value versus the concentration for each calibrator. The CYFRA 21-1 concentrations of patient samples are then read from the calibration curve.

# Reportable Range

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA measures concentrations between 0.5 and 50 ng/mL.

# Intended Use

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA kit is intended for the quantitative determination of soluble cytokeratin 19 fragments in human serum. The assay is to be used as an aid in monitoring disease progression during the course of disease and treatment in lung cancer patients. Serial testing for patient CYFRA 21-1 assay values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring lung cancer.

# Statement of Substantial Equivalence

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA kit is intended for the quantitative determination of soluble cytokeratin 19 fragments in human serum.

The assay is to be used as an aid in monitoring disease progression during the course of disease and treatment in lung cancer patients. Serial testing for patient CYFRA 21-1 assay values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring lung cancer.

As there is no FDA cleared or approved device for the CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit, substantial equivalence for the CYFRA 21-1 EIA test kit was determined by comparing the performance characteristics obtained with the CYFRA 21-1 EIA to the package insert claims in the ARCHITECT CEA assay.

The regulatory submission will be prepared pursuant to Title 21CFR $\ S$ 866.6010(b) which states Tumor Markers must comply with the following special controls;

1.Guidance document entitled "Guidance Document for the Submission of Tumor Associated Antigen Premarket Notifications (510(k)s) to FDA".   
2. Voluntary assay performance standards issued by the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI), formally NCCLS.

A comparison of the features of the CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit and the ARCHITECT CEA assay are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT CEA(Predicate Device)K990774</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro diagnostic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro diagnostic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.6010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.6010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Usage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen CollectionMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Routine Phlebotomy Techniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Routine Phlebotomy Techniques</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation of Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Curve</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT CEA(Predicate Device)K042731</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To be determined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum or Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CYFRA 21-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplied with Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplied as separate Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplied with Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplied as separate Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle of Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ManualEnzymatic Immunoassay (EIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutomatedChemiluminscent MicroparticleImmunoassay (CMIA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aid in monitoring diseaseprogression during the course ofdisease and treatment in lungcancer patients.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aid in the prognosis andmanagement of cancer patients inwhom changing concentrations ofCEA are observed.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

# Precision:

Two (2) sites tested two (2) CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit lots for the precision study. For each lot, the two (2) sites repeated the assay for twenty (20) days, (twenty (20) days each lot), and performed two (2) runs per day with four (4) serum based panel samples tested as unknowns. One (1) site tested three (3) CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit lots for the precision study.This site repeated the assay for thirty (30) days (ten (10) days each lot), performing two (2) runs per day with eight (8) serum based panel samples tested as unknowns. The total precision of the CYFRA 21-1 EIA was found to be $< 8 . 6 \%$ .

# Linearity:

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA assay mean dilution linearity is $100 \pm 2 0 \%$ . A study was conducted for the CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit modeled after the CLSI guideline EP6-A. Serum samples with elevated CYFRA 21-1 values were diluted with CYFRA 21-1 Calibrator A (zero). The CYFRA 21-1 concentration was determined for each dilution and the percent $( \% )$ recovery was calculated. The nonlinearity calculated by weighted polynomial regression is ≤ $10 \%$ across the measurement range of 0.5 to $5 0 . 0 \ n g / m L$ .

# Detection and Quantitation Limit:

The Limit of Detection of the CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit was determined to be $0 . 1 2 \ n g / m L$ The CLSI guideline EP17-A (22) was used to design the LoD experiments. The limit of detection (LoD) corresponds to the upper limit of the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval and represents the lowest concentration of CYFRA 21-1 antigen that can be distinguished from zero.

The Limit of Quantitation of the CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit was determined to be $0 . 2 1 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ The limit of quantitation (LoQ) corresponds to the lowest amount of analyte in a sample that can be accurately quantitated with the highest allowable imprecision of $1 7 . 7 8 \%$ .

# Interference:

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit mean assay specificity is $10 0 ~ \pm ~ 1 5 \%$ . Recovery studies were performed to compare sera containing the following compounds at the indicated concentrations with control sera. The CLSI guideline EP7-A was used to design the interference experiments. The following substances and concentrations were tested and found not to interfere with the test.

<table><tr><td>Endogenous serum interferences</td><td>Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides</td><td>30 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Billirubin Hemoglobin</td><td>0.2 mg/mL 5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Total Protein</td><td>120 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Chemotherapeutic drug interferences</td><td>Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Carboplatin</td><td>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cisplatin</td><td>165 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Dexamethasone</td><td>10 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxorubicin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Leucovorin</td><td>1.16 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methotrexate</td><td>2.68 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Paclitaxel</td><td>45 μg/mL 3.5 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Potentially interfering clinical conditions

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA assay was evaluated using specimens with HAMA and Rheumatoid Factor (RF) to further assess the assay specificity. Six specimens positive for HAMA and five specimens positive for RF were evaluated for $\%$ recovery with CYFRA 21-1 antigen spiked into each specimen at approximately 5 and $2 5 n g / m L$ .

<table><tr><td>Clinical condition</td><td>Number of specimens</td><td>Mean % recovery</td></tr><tr><td>HAMA</td><td>6</td><td>98</td></tr><tr><td>RF</td><td>5</td><td>101</td></tr></table>

# MONITORING THE COURSE OF DISEASE IN PATIENTS DIAGNOSED WITH LUNG CANCER

The effectiveness of the CYFRA 21-1 ElA as an aid in monitoring the course of disease in lung cancer patients was determined through a retrospective clinical study. Changes in CYFRA 21- 1 levels in serial serum samples collected from a tertiary cancer center were compared to changes in disease status. A study involving 100 patients was undertaken with a total of 314 observation pairs with an average number of 4.1 observations per patient. For the 100 lung cancer cases, 95 were classified as non-small cell lung cancer (NCSLC) and 5 were classified as small cell lung cancer (SCLC). 90 of the NSCLC were further classified as adenocarcinoma (68), squamous cell carcinoma (19), and large cell carcinoma (3). 79 of these the 100 lung cancer cases had staging information as shown in the following table. In this study, only 5 patients had Stage I or Il disease, the performance of CYFRA 21-1 has not been adequately assessed in this subpopulation.

<table><tr><td></td><td>Number of Patients</td></tr><tr><td>Stage I</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Stage II</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Stage III</td><td>36</td></tr><tr><td>Stage IV</td><td>38</td></tr><tr><td>Total (with Stage Information)</td><td>79</td></tr><tr><td>Unknown</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td>Unstaged</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Total Lung Cancer Cases</td><td>100</td></tr></table>

A positive change in CYFRA 21-1 was defined as a measurable increase in the value that was at least $50 \%$ greater than the previous value of the test. Observation pairs with both values below the normal reference range of 1.8 ng/mL were defined as no significant change. This level of change takes into account the variability of the assay and the biological variability.

Forty-six percent $(4 6 \% )$ or $3 9 / 8 5$ of the patient samples with a positive change correlated with the disease progression while eighty-seven percent $(87 \% )$ or 200/229 of the patient serial samples with no significant change in CYFRA 21-1 value correlated with no progression. The total concordance was seventy-six percent $(7 6 \% )$ or 239/314. The following table presents the data in a $2 \times 2$ format.

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Change in Disease State per Sequential Pair</td></tr><tr><td>Increase in CYFRA 21-1 concentration</td><td>Progression</td><td>No Progression</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>&gt;50%</td><td>39</td><td>29</td><td>68</td></tr><tr><td>≤50%</td><td>46</td><td>200</td><td>246</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>85</td><td>229</td><td>314</td></tr></table>

Clinicians may wish to use other percent changes in CYFRA 21-1 concentration to reflect their preferences in the trade-off between sensitivity and specificity. The following table shows the resulting sensitivities and specificities of the CYFRA 21-1 EIA at various percent changes in CYFRA 21-1 EIA concentrations, together with the positive predictive values (PPV) and negative predictive values (NPV) for the population tested (85 sequential pairs from patients with disease progression and 229 sequential pairs from patients with no progression.)

Sensitivity is represented as the proportion of patients with disease progression that had elevated CYFRA 21-1   
Specificity is represented as the proportion of patients without disease progression that had no elevation in CYFRA 21-1   
PPV is represented as the proportion of patients with elevated CYFRA 21-1 that had disease progression   
NPV is represented as the proportion of patients with no elevation in CYFRA 21-1 that did not have disease progression

<table><tr><td>Percent Increase in CYFRA 21-1</td><td>Sensitivity (%)</td><td>Specificity (%)</td><td>PPV (%)</td><td>NPV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Concentration (%) 30</td><td>52.9</td><td>84.3</td><td>55.6</td><td>82.8</td></tr><tr><td>40</td><td>48.2</td><td>85.6</td><td>55.4</td><td>81.7</td></tr><tr><td>50</td><td>45.9</td><td>87.3</td><td>57.4</td><td>81.3</td></tr><tr><td>60</td><td>44.7</td><td>88.2</td><td>58.5</td><td>81.1</td></tr><tr><td>70</td><td>43.5</td><td>89.5</td><td>60.7</td><td>81.0</td></tr></table>

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Ms. Diana Dickson Regulatory Affairs Manager 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

Re: k100831 Trade/Device Name: CYFRA 21-1 EIA Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 6 0 1 0$ EPY Regulation Name: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: OVK Dated: May 18, 2011 Received: May 19, 2011

Dear Ms. Dickson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Mah chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K100831

Device Name: CYFRA 21-1 EIA

Indications for Use:

The CYFRA 21-1 EIA kit is intended for the quantitative determination of soluble cytokeratin 19 fragments in human serum. The assay is to be used as an aid in monitoring disease progression during the course of disease and treatment in lung cancer patients. Serial testing for patient CYFRA 21-1 assay values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring lung cancer.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)