# PREMARKET NOTIFICATION 510(K) SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS SUMMARY (as required by 21 CFR $\ S$ 807.92)

A. 510(k)Number: K010017 •   
B. Purpose for Submission: New device

C. Measurand: Autoantibodies against glutamate receptor (type NMDA)

D. Type of Test: Semi-quantitative indirect immunofluorescent antibody assay

E. Applicant: EUROIMMUN US INC.

F. Proprietary and Established Names: EUROIMMUN Anti-Glutamate receptor (type NMDA) IFA

G. Regulatory Information:

1. Requlation: 21 CFR 866.5660 - Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system   
2. Classification: Class II   
3. Product code: OSK   
4. Panel: Immunology

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended use(s): The EUROiMMUN Anti-Glutamate receptor (type NMDA) IFA is intended for the qualitative determination of autoantibodies against glutamate receptor (type NMDA) in human serum. It is used as an aid in the diagnosis of anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) autoimmune encephalitis in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.   
2. Indication(s) for use: Same as intended use.   
3. Special conditions for the use statement(s): For prescription use only.   
4. Special instrument requirements: Fluorescence microscope.

# I. Device Description:

The EUROIMMUN IFA is an assay for standardized detection of anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) antiodies uilized ineach laboratories miliar with indirect mmunofluorescence.The non-transfecte cells aused s  control t plify iffnatin potential o-existgand on-peiectiviy such asANA. The test kit consists of slides, which contain BlOCHIPs coated with glutamate receptor (type NMDA) tececelanon-recn-abeltiuan gG oa positicon aglutamate receptor type NMA), a negative control, a sal r preparation  , Tweenbedi medium, cover glasses and an instruction booklet.

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name (s): EUROIMMUN ANCA IFA Granulocyte BIOCHIP Mosaic ™M Test System.   
2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K083850   
3. Comparison with predicate: The EUROIMMUN ANCA IFA Granulocyte BIOCHIP Mosaic™ Test System was choosen as a device of equivalent method and technology. There is no exact predicate device available for the detection of antibodies against glutamate receptor (type NMDA).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative detection of antibodiesin human serum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IFABIOCHIP TITERPLANE technologyusing multiple substrates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard IFA technique; serumincubation with tissues/cells, followed bya wash step, incubation with fluorescein—labelled anti-human globulin, wash step,embedding and reading fluorescencewith a fluorescence microscope.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type anddilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum1:10 dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive controlNegative control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut Off Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:10 dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of antibodies againstglutamate receptor (type NMDA).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of anti-neutrophil cytoplasmicantibodies (ANCA).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glutamate receptor (type NMDA)transfected cells and non-transfectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human granulocytes native antigen</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

None referenced.

# L. Test Principle:

The procedure follows the TITERPLANE Technique developed by EUROiMMUN as an aid in standardize immunological analyses. The TITERPLANE Technique of EUROIMMUN was cleared previously via the FDA 510(k) processes under $5 1 0 ( k )$ No. K051489, K061408, K070763 and K083850.

Paint samples, controls and in separate stes conjugate nd embeding medium are applied to he recn fiel a ragent tayThe BC sides are then placed into the eceses he reagent tay, whall BIOCHIPs of the slide come into contact with the fluids, and the individual reactions commence simultaneously. The fluids are confined to the recessed wells eliminating the need to use a conventional humidity chamber".

Patient samples are diluted 1:10 in PBS-Tween, 25 µl of each diluted patient sample are added to each e y (rthppocampus and cerebellum glutamate receptor type NMDA transfected cells andnon-transfected cells into the corresponding recesses of the reagent tray and incubated for 30 minutes at room temperature. Speciicantiodies attach to the ntigens. Afterncubation the BlCHIP slides are washed wit BS-Twen t remove unbound antibodies. In themeantime, 0f florescein—labelled anthuman globulin are ade to acn e clean ent y n s pla ntehey

30 minutes incubation at room temperature, the BlOCHIPs are again washed with PBS-Tween to remove any unbound fluorescein-labelled reagent. $1 0 ~ \mu \mu$ of Embedding medium are placed for each reaction field on a cover glass and the BlOCHIP slides, with the BlOCHIPs facing downwards, placed onto the prepared cover glass. Fluorescence is read with a fluorescence microscope.

# M. Performance Characteristics (where applicable):

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility: Intra-assay reproducibility The intra-assay reproducibility was determined by 10fold repeated measurements of 6 characterized positive and negative serum samples. The results did not exceed the acceptable deviation of fluorescence intensity of $+ / -$ 1 intensity level. Inter-assay reproducibility The inter-assay reproducibility was determined by repeated measurements of 6 characterized positive and negative serum samples at 5 different times. 2 slides were tested with each run. The results did not exceed the acceptable deviation of fluorescence intensity of $+ / .$ 1 intensity level. Lot to lot reproducibility The inter-lot reproducibility was determined by measurements of 3 characterized positive and negative serum samples using 3 different kit lots. The results did not exceed the acceptable deviation of fluorescence intensity of $+ 1 - 1$ intensity level.   
b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable.   
C. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators or methods): There is no recognized standard or reference material for autoantibodies against glutamate receptor (type NMDA).   
d. Detection limit: Not applicable.   
e. Analytical specificity: Cross-reactivity: Cross reactivity was investigated using 31 samples from patients with infectious and autoimmune encephalitis other than anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) encephalitis. Samples positive for anti-GluR2, anti-VGkC and anti-zic4 (cerebellar degeneration) do not react with the glutamate receptor (type NMDA). Interference: Three different samples are spiked with potential interfering substances in 3 different concentrations and are incubated with the test system. The recovery in relation to the original sample (not spiked) is calculated. The deviation in fluorescence intensity level did not exceed $+ / - 1$ . No interference was observed with hemolytic, lipemic or icteric samples for concentrations of up to 500 mg/dl for hemoglobin, 2000 mg/dl for triglyceride and $4 0 m { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { d } } |$ for bilirubin.   
f. Assay cut-off:

Not applicable.

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: Not applicable.   
b. Matrix comparison: Not applicable.

3. Clinical studies:

a. Prevalence and specificity:

Study 1: 47 serum samples from the US from patients diagnosed with anti-gluatamate receptor (type NMDA) encephalitis and controls with other encephalopathies, including anti-VGKC and AMPA receptor encephalitis, were examined. The panel comprised samples from 7 men and 40 women with an average age of 17 years (age range: 5 to 42 years; 1 unknown). In addition, sera of 100 adult healthy blood donors of mixed age and sex from Germany were analyzed. All samples from patients with anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) encephalitis (29 sera) were tested positive with the transfected cells, while all disease control samples (18 sera) and healthy blood donors (100 sera) were negative.

Study 2: In a retrospective study, 2990 patients were screened for clinical symptoms of encephalitis of unknown origin. 5 of 6 samples fulfiling the criteria (6 women with an average age of 23 years, age range: 18 to 31 years; origin: Germany) were found positive for antibodies against glutamate receptor (type NMDA). The results support the fact that anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) encephalitis is a very frequent cause among these patients.

Study 3: 8 samples from patients with anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) encephalitis (origin: Germany) were investigated. The panel comprised samples from 3 men and 5 women with an average age of 25 years (age range: 16 to 39 years). All samples were found positive for antiglutamate receptor (tpye NMDA).

Study_ 4: 9 samples from patients with anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) encephalitis and 13 samples from patients with other encephalopathies (origin: Italy) were investigated. The panel comprised samples from 8 men and 14 women with an average age of 47 years (age range: 9 to 89 years). All samples from patients with anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) encephalitis (9 sera) were tested positive with the transfected cells, while all disease control samples (13 sera) were negative.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Panel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>EUROIMMUN Anti-Glutamate receptor (type NMDA) IFA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Study 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with anti-glutamate receptor(type NMDA) encephalitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with other encephalopathies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 -18.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Healthy blood donors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 - 3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with encephalitis of unknownorigin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9 - 99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with anti-glutamate receptor(type NMDA) encephalitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.1 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Study 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with anti-glutamate receptor(type NMDA) encephalitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.4 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with other encephalopathies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-24.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131 negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2 - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

b. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not applicable.

4. Clinical cut-off: See Assay cut-off.

5. Expected values/Reference range:

The levels of the anti-glutamate receptor (type NMDA) antibodies (lgG) were analyzed with the EUROIMMUN Anti-Glutamate receptor (type NMDA) IFA in a panel of 120 sera from normal healthy adult blood donors of mixed age and gender. All samples were found negative. The reference range was determined as titer $1 ; < 1 0$ .

# N.Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# O. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is completeand supports a substantial equivalence decision.

# Date

EUROIMMUN US INC. c/o Ms. Kathryn Kohl Managing Director 429 Rockaway Valley Road Unit 1200 Boonton Township, NJ 07005

Re: k100017 Trade/Device Name: EUROIMMUN Anti-Glutamate receptor (type NMDA) IFA Regulation Number: 21 CFR§866.5660 Regulation Name: Multiple Autoantibodies Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II. Product Code: OSK Dated: August 4, 2010 Received: August 9, 2010

Dear Ms. Kohl:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class I (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your deyice complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,mana I Chon

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number (if known): K100017

Device Name: Anti-Glutamate receptor (type NMDA) IFA

Indications For Use:

The EUROlMMUN Anti-Glutamate receptor (type NMDA) IFA is intended for the qualitative determination of uagaisgutma ecepr ype M)iusermIt isus as hedi ani-glutamateeceptor ype )autouencephaliti conjunction wthoher aboratoryan cl findings.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (OIVD)

# Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K_ k100017