LOCI CA 19-9 (CA19-9) Flex® Reagent Cartridge

Dimension Vista® LOCI 7 Calibrator

T 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: k100375   
B. Date of Preparation: February 11, 2010

C. Proprietary and Established Names:

LOCI CA 19-9 Flex Reagent Cartridge

Dimension Vista® LOCI 7 Calibrator

# D. Applicant:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc.

P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101

Pamela A. Jurga, Regulatory & Clinical Affairs Specialist Office Number: (302) 631-8891 fax Number: (302) 631-6299

Regulatory Information:

LOCI CA 19-9 Flex® Reagent Cartridge:

Regulation section: 21 CFR § 866.6010 Tumor-Associated antigen immunological test system

Classification:Class II

c ysCant

4. Panel: Immunology

LOCI 7 Calibrator:

1Regulation section: 21 CFR § 862.1150 Calibrator

Classification: Class

Product Code:JiT -Calibrator, Secondary

Panel: Immunology

F. Predicate Device:

isuLC A1  Rea Assay for the ADVIA Centaur® System previously cleared under kO31393.

ThviastniuvalensnsOV Centaur® Calibrator 9 previously cleared under k031393.

# GDevice Description:

The CA19-9 methodis a homogeneous, sandwich chemiluminescent mmunoassay based on LOCl® technology.The LOCl@ ft bead reagent Chemibeads)is coate with an anti-CA9-oocoal antiody (116-NS-9-9)and contansa Sam lattyhebea-ylat Sbee obea-pleatip g a calibration curve.

consists of ten vials, two vials per level (A-E), 2.0 mL per vial.

# H. Intended Use:

TCA1 han seruhepar TA plasm msinistasteamt C C determined.

OCA A Dimension Vista® system.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

LC v   VA alusa uve hal uc Vnu Cal calibrator (k031393)The following table provides  comparisonf the mportant similarities and differencs:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LOCI CA 19-9 Flex® reagent cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA 19-9 Assay for the ADVIACentaur System (k030393)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CA19-9 method is an in vitrodiagnostic test for the quantitativemeasurement of the CA 19-9 tumor-associated antigen in human serum andlithium heparin and EDTA plasma on theDimension Vista System. Measurementsof CA 19-9 are indicated for the serialmeasurement of CA19-9 to aid inmanaging patients diagnosed with cancersof the exocrine pancreas. The test is usefulas an aid in monitoring of disease status inthose patients having confirmed pancreaticcancer who have levels of serum CA 19-9at some point in their disease processexceeding the median concentrationdetermined for the apparently healthycohort. CA 19-9 values must beinterpreted in conjunction with all otherclinical and laboratory data before amedical decision is determined.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA Centaur CA 19-9 Assayis an in vitro immunoassay for thequantitative, measurement of the CA19-9 tumor-associated antigen, inhuman serum, using the ADVIACentaur and ADVIA Centaur XPsystems. This assay is indicated forthe serial measurement of CA 19-9to aid in the management of patientsdiagnosed with cancers of theexocrine pancreas. The test is usefulas an aid in monitoring of diseasestatus in those patients havingconfirmed pancreatic cancer whohave levels of serum CA 19-9 atsome point in their disease processexceeding the median concentrationdetermined for the apparentlyhealthy cohort. CA 19-9 values mustbe interpreted in conjunction with allother clinical and laboratory databefore a medical decision isdetermined.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>Serum and lithium heparin and EDTA plasma</td><td>Serum</td></tr><tr><td>Measuring Range</td><td>2-1000 U/mL</td><td>1.2-700 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Size</td><td>4μL</td><td>75 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Measurement</td><td>Chemiluminescent:</td><td>Chemiluminescent:</td></tr><tr><td>Homogenous sandwich immunoassay based on LOCl@ technology</td><td>Two site sandwich immunoassay using direct chemiluminometric technology</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOCI 7 calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur® Calibrator 9previously cleared under k031393</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LOCI 7 CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for the calibration ofthe Cancer Antigen 19-9 (CA19-9)method on the Dimension VistaSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro diagnostic use incalibrating ADVIA® Centaur or ACS:180® 19-9 assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum albumin-based matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum-based matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid:Provided ready to use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofCalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 levelsTarget Concentrations:Level 1 (CAL A): 0   U/mLLevel 2 (CAL B): 30  U/mLLevel 3 (CAL C): 131 U/mLLevel 4 (CAL D): 525 U/mLLevel 5 (CAL E): 1050U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levelsLowHigh</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at -15 to - 25 C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2 to 8C.</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusion:

TLC       VIA Cptt sibhe eomaubstnl uval pe.

T LCl lVCl (k031393).

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics.   
c/o Ms. Pamela A. Jurga   
Regulatory and Clinical Affairs Specialist PO Box 6101   
Mailstop 514   
Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k100375 Trade/Device Name: Dimension Vista $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ LOCI CA19-9 Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ LOCI 7 Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 6 0 1 0$ Regulation Name: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NIG, JIT Dated: March 31, 2011 Received: April 1, 2011

Dear Ms. Jurga:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportalProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Manai M chon

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if knon): 100375

# Device Name:

Dimension Vista® LOCI 7 Calibrator

# Indications for Use:

The LOCl 7 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the Cancer Antigen 19-9 (CA19-9) method on the Dimension Vista® System.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Ceeng Plilip Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K k100375

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (i kon): k100375

# Device Name:

Dimension Vista® CA 19-9 Flex® Reagent

# Indications for Use:

The LOCl CA19-9 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of the CA 19-9 tumor-associated antigen in human serum and lithium heparin and EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista $\circledast$ System. Measurements of CA 19-9 are indicated for the serial measurement of CA19-9 to aid in managing patients diagnosed with cancers of the exocrine pancreas. The test is useful as an aid in monitoring of disease status in those patients having confirmed pancreatic cancer who have levels of serum CA 19-9 al some point in their disease process exceeding the median concentration determined for the apparently healthy cohort. CA 19-9 values must be interpreted in conjunction with all other clinical and laboratory data before a medical decision is determined.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Cuna Philip Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K k100375