# SEP 1 4 2010

The Binding Site Group, Ltd c/o Mr. Jay H. Geller Authorized U.S. Representative 12100 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 500 Los Angeles, CA 90025-7121

Re: k100179 Trade/Device Name: Human C3c Kit for use on SPAPLUSTM Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866.5240$ Regulation Name: Complement components immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CZW Dated: August 2, 2010 Received: August 9, 2009

Dear Mr. Geller:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of 8/13/2009.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indicatons for use stated in the encosure tolegally marketed predicate devies marketed in tsae commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval (PMA). You may, thereore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.The geneal controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it y b subj  ditinal controlsExistngmajor egulatins ffecting yourdevic n e found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must cly with all the At' requirements,including, but not lmite t: egistration nd listi (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set

Page 2 - Mr. Jay H. Geller

forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, Ione I Cha

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number.(if known): K/00/79

Device Name: Human C3c Kit for use on SPApLusTN

Indications for Use: This kit is intended for the quantitative in vitro determination of human C3c in serum using the Binding Site SPAPLUST turbidimetric analyser. This test should be used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Page l of 1

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)   
Mana n Chon Attachment D   
Division Sign-Off   
Offlce of In Vitro Dlagnostic   
Device Evaluation and Safety   
510(K) K100/79 •. ..\*