# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for the

LOCI CA 15-3 (CA 15-3) Flex® Reagent Cartridge

Dimension Vista® LOCI® Calibrator

ic 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: k100344   
B. Date of Preparation: January 27, 2010

C. Proprietary and Established Names:

Dimension Vista® LOCI 7 Calibrator

D. Applicant:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc.

P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101

Pamela A. Jurga, Regulatory & Clinical Affairs Specialist Office Number: (302) 631-8891 fax Number: (302) 631-6299

E. Regulatory Information:

LOCI CA15-3 Flex® Reagent Cartridge:

1Regulation section: 21 CFR § 866.6010 Tumor-Associated antigen immunological test system

Classification: Class II

3Product Code: MOl - System, Test, Immunological, Antigen, Tumor

4. Panel: Immunology

LOCI 7 Calibrator:

1Regulation section: 21 CFR § 862.1150 Calibrator

Classification: Class II

Product Code: JIT - Calibrator, Secondary

Panel: Immunology

F. Predicate Device:

Th  vi vaOCFeR arr Assay for the ADVIA Centaur System previously cleared under K012357 .

the Access® BR Monitor Assay previously cleared under K072612.

# G. Device Description:

T LOC A 5-3A -3th nwiicass basLOC TLOCca- F The first bead reagent (Chemibeads) is coated with an anti-CA15-3 monoclonal antibody (115D8) and contains a os Slaatie bea--yla . Sesbeneiobea-pleathepe resulting signal is measured at 612 nm and is a direct function of the CA 15-3 concentration in the sample.

y testing process are provided in this submission report.

# H. Intended Use:

T LCi hen nTA plasa n heimensinVistaSyste.Whenusein conjucin wh henil an ic and Illbreast cancer patients and for monitoring response to therapy in metastaticbreast cancer patients.

LCA (CA 19-9) methods on the Dimension Vista® system.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

TLOCIA-3 uva hA1-3 uceADVIAnA1 svi r differences:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LOCI CA 15-3 Flex® reagent cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA 15-3® Assay for the ADVIA CentaurSystem (k012357)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LOCI CA15-3 method is an in vitrodiagnostic test for the quantitativemeasurement of CA 15-3 in human serumand lithium heparin and EDTA plasma onthe Dimension Vista® System. When usedin conjunction with other clinical anddiagnostic procedures, serial testing withthe LOCI CA 15-3 assay may be used asan aid in the management of previouslytreated stage II and III breast cancerpatients and for monitoring response totherapy in metastatic breast cancerpatients.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA Centaur CA 15-3 assay is an invitro diagnostic test for the quantitativeserial determination of cancer antigen CA15-3 in human serum using the ADVIACentaur and the ADVIA Centaur XPsystems. When used in conjunction withother clinical and diagnostic procedures,serial testing with the ADVIA Centaur CA15-3 assay is useful for monitoring thecourse for disease and therapy inmetastatic breast cancer patients, and fordetection of recurrence in previously treatedStage II, with greater than two positivelymph nodes, or Stage IIl breast cancerpatients. This assay is not intended for useon any other system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, lithium heparin and EDTA plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0-300.0 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5-200 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent:Homogenous sandwich immunoassaybased on LOCl® technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent:Two site sandwich immunoassay usingdirect chemiluminometric technology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LOCI 7 calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access BR Monitor (CA 15-3 Antigen)Assay on the Access ImmunoassaySystems        (k072612)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LOCI 7 CAL is an in vitro diagnosticproduct for the calibration of Cancer Antigen15-3 (CA 15-3) and Cancer Antigen 19-9(CA 19-9) methods on the DimensionVista® system.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use for the calibrationthe Access BR Monitor (CA 15-3 Antigen)Assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bovine Serum Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bovine Serum Albumin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 levels at approximately 0, 20, 60, 150, 315U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 levels at approximately 0, 10, 50, 100, 500and 1000 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at -25 to -15 C.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2 to 8°C.</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusion:

TLOCICA-e r uvat  heDVIA n -3-ss y clnder K015.The LOCcaliators bstanlly equivalent heACCE RMoiorA1 Ci equivalent performance.

Siemens Healtheare Diagnostics   
c/o Ms. Pamela A. Jurga   
Regulatory and Clinical Affairs Specialist   
PO Box 6101   
Mailstop 514   
Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k100344 Trade/Device Name: Dimension Vista $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ LOCI CA 15-3 Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge Dimension Vista $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ LOCI 7 Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 6 0 1 0$ Regulation Name: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MOI, JIX Dated: April 11, 2011 Received: April 12, 2011

Dear Ms. Jurga:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class I (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

# 510(k) Number (if known): k100344

Device Name: Dimension Vista® LOCI CA 15-3 Flex reagent cartridge

Indications for Use:

The LOCI CA15-3 method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of CA 15-3 in human serum and lithium heparin and EDTA plasma'on the Dimension Vista® System. When used in conjunction with other clinical and diagnostic procedures, serial testing with the LOCl CA 15-3 assay may be used as an aid in the management of previously treated stage II and III breast cancer patients and for monitoring response to therapy in metastatic breast cancer patients.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

# Indications for Use Statement

# 510(k) Number (if known): k100344

# Device Name:

Dimension Vista@ LOCI 7 Calibrator

Indications for Use:

The LOCI 7 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of Cancer Antigen 15-3 (CA 15-3) and Cancer Antigen 19-9 (CA 19-9) methods on the Dimension Vista® system.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Dena Philip Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluatlon and Safety 510K k100344