# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: _K100464

# Applicant Information:

Name: Wako Chemicals, USA, Inc. Wako Diagnostics

USA Headquarters Address: 1600 Bellwood Road Richmond, VA 23237

# Contact:

Martha Murari, Ph.D., RAC   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Wako Chemicals, USA, Inc.   
Wako Diagnostics   
1025 Terra Bella Ave., Suite A Mountain View, CA 94043   
Phone: (650) 210-9153 Ext. 133 Fax: 650-210-9170 Peter Panfili, Ph.D.   
General Manager   
Wako Chemicals, USA, Inc. Wako Diagnostics   
1025 Terra Bella Ave., Suite A Mountain View, CA 94043   
(650) 210-9153 Ext. 109   
Fax: 650-210-9170

Hiroyuki Yamada, M.S. Manager, Clinical Research Wako Chemicals, USA, Inc. Wako Diagnostics 1025 Terra Bella Ave., Suite A Mountain View, CA 94043

Lori Creasy, RAC Regulatory Specialist Wako Chemicals, USA, Inc. Wako Diagnostics 1600 Bellwood Road Richmond, VA 23237

Date Prepared: February 14, 2011

Device Information: Primary Trade Names: μTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer System with μTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System and μTASWako DCP Immunological Test System

μTASWako AFP-L3 Calibrator Set, µTASWako AFP-L3 Control L, and μTASWako AFP-L3 Control H

μTASWako DCP Calibrator Set, μTASWako DCP Control L, and μTASWako DCP Control H

Primary Classification Name: AFP-L3% Immunological Test System 21 CFR §866.6030

# Predicate Devices:

The µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System, including the associated calibrators and controls, was previously cleared as LBA AFP-L3 for use with the LiBASys instrument under K041847 and was assigned product code NSF for the system in its entirety.

The uTASWako DCP Immunological Test System, including the associated calibrators and controls, was previously cleared as LBA DCP for use with the LiBASys instrument under K062368 and was assigned product code OAU for the reagent. The product codes assigned for calibrators and controls were JIT and JJX, respectively.

# Device Description:

The µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer System is a fully automated immunoassay system that can perform assays of the µTASWako AFP-L3 and µTASWako DCP Immunological Test Systems. This system automatically conducts sampling, mixing. separation, and fluorescence detection on a microfluidic chip to achieve high sensitivity and accuracy. The instrument contains an automated liquid dispenser, temperature controlled reagent container, chip station, analysis compartment, and sample rack station. The outside panel has a printer and a touch panel with a menu to order measurements and to check the availability for reagent, chip, wash solution, and pure water. A chip is used for each test and is disposable. The instrument is designed to automatically and constantly monitor the reagents, chips, dispensing system and the measurement process so that measurement results are not given when an error occurs.

The system is comprised of the following products:

μTASWako i30 μTASWako AFP-L3, Calibrator Set, Control L and Control H μTASWako DCP, Calibrator Set, Control L and Control H instrument and assay accessories as per labeling

Intended Use/ Indications for Use Statement:   
The statements for the µTASWako AFP-L3 and µTASWako DCP Immunological Test   
Systems, the µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer System, and the Calibrator Set and Controls for   
each test system are as follows:

Indications for Use for the Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System The µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System is an in vitro device that consists of reagents used with the $\dot { \mu }$ TASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer to quantitatively measure, by immunochemical techniques, $A F P - \angle 3 \%$ in human serum. The device is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the risk assessment of patients with chronic liver disease for development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in conjunction with other laboratory findings, imaging studies and clinical assessment. Patients with elevated AFP-L3% values $( z 1 0 \% )$ have been shown to be associated with an increase in the risk of developing HCC within the next 21 months and should be more intensely evaluated for evidence of HCC according to the existing HCC practice guidelines in oncology.

continued

Indications for Use for the Wako µTASWako DCP Immunological Test System: The µTASWako DCP Immunological Test System is an in vitro device that consists of reagents used with the µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer to quantitatively measure, by immunochemical techniques, DCP in human serum. The device is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the risk assessment of patients with chronic liver disease for development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in conjunction with other laboratory findings, imaging studies, and clinical assessment.

Indications for Use for the Wako µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer System: The μTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer is an in vitro diagnostic automated instrument intended for use to quantitatively measure analytes in clinical chemistry by immunochemical techniques. The µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer is indicated for use by healthcare professionals. It is intended for assays cleared or approved for use on this instrument.

Indications for Use for the Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Calibrator Set, the Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Control L, and the Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Control H: The Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Calibrator Set is designed to be used with the Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System for the quantitative determination of AFP-L $3 \%$ in human serum.

The Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Control L is designed to be used as quality control material for the quantitative determination of AFP. $123 \%$ in human serum using the Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System.

The Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Control H is designed to be used as quality control material for the quantitative determination of AFP-l $3 \%$ in human serum using the Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System.

Indications for Use for the Wako µTAsWako DCP Calibrator Set, the Wako μTASWako DCP Control L, and the Wako µTASWako DCP Control H: The Wako µTASWako DCP Calibrator Set is designed to be used with the Wako μTASWako DCP Immunological Test System for the quantitative determination of DCP in human serum.

The Wako µTASWako DCP Control L is designed to be used as a quality control material for the quantitative determination of DCP in human serum using the Wako μTASWako DCP Immunological Test System.

The Wako µTAsWako DCP Control H is designed to be used as a quality control material for the quantitative determination of DCP in human serum using the Wako μTASWako DCP Immunological Test System.

# Brief Summary of Technological Characteristics:

T comparison to the legally marketed predicate devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison ofSubject andPredicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>μTASWako i30System used withμTASWako AFP-L3and µTASWako DCPTest Systems(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LiBASys Systemused withLBA AFP-L3 and LBADCP Test SystemsPredicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes Assayed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFP/AFP-L3%, DCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFP/AFP-L3, DCP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatedfluorescence analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated fluorescenceanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SimilarRationale:i30 technologyrequires fluorescentdye</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence liquid-phase bindingimmunoassay system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence liquid-phase binding enzymeimmunoassay system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SimilarRationale:Although theseparationmethodologies aredifferent, testprinciple remains thesame.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative,fluorescenceimmunoassay,electrophoresisseparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative,fluorescenceimmunoassay,chromatographicseparation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluorescenceTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DifferentRationale:i30 technology doesnot use enzyme-linked fluorescencedetection.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Light Source:Diode laser (638 nm)Detector:Photo Diode Detector</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Light Source:Deuterium LampDetector:Photometric Detector</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st internationalstandard for alpha-fetoprotein from NIBSCrecognized by WHO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st international standardfor alpha-fetoprotein fromNIBSC recognized byWHO</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

# (1) Sensitivity:

The analytical sensitivity for the AFP-L3 and DCP assays was determined as the limit of detection, the point at which the analytes are distinguished from blank. The LoD for AFP-L1 and AFP-L3 was found to be 0.030 ng/mL and 0.028 ng/mL, respectively. The LoD for DCP was found to be 0.042 ng/mL.

# (2) Linearity/ Assay Reportable Range:

Linearity for the AFP-L3 and DCP assays was evaluated following a linear regression analysis and $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals of the data points. Full assay linearity was demonstrated over the claimed reportable ranges of $0 . 3 - 1 0 0 0 n g / m L$ for Total AFP and of $0 . 5 - 9 9 . 5 \%$ for AFP. $123 \%$ . Full assay linearity was demonstrated over the claimed reportable range of 0.1 - 950 ng/mL for DCP.

# (3) High Dose Hook Effect:

A high dose hook effect study demonstrated no effect of high concentration of Total AFP, up to 1,272,000 ng/mL, for the quantitative AFP-L.3 assay. A high dose hook effect study demonstrated no effect of high concentration of DCP, up to 23,000 ng/mL, for the quantitative DCP assay.

# (4) Within-Run Precision:

AFP-L3: Within-run precision studies were performed for the AFP-L3 assay over the reportable range for both Total AFP and AFP-L $3 \%$ using samples that ranged from 10 to 950 ng/mL in Total AFP concentration and ranged from approximately $6 \%$ to $80 \%$ in AFP $123 \%$ .The acceptance criterion for percent CV $( C V \% )$ was set at "within $10 \%$ .With respect to all samples, the $0 \%$ results ranged from $0 . 7 \%$ to $1 . 5 \%$ for Total AFP and ranged from $0 . 3 \%$ to $5 . 6 \%$ for AFP-L $3 \%$ .

DCP: Within-run precision studies were performed for the DCP assay over the reportable range for DCP using samples that ranged from 0.2 to 910 ng/mL in DCP concentration. The acceptance criteria for percent CV (Cv%) was set at "within $10 \%$ for DCP across upper reportable range (z 1 ng/mL) or "within $15 \% ^ { n }$ for DCP across lower reportable range (< 1 ng/mL). With respect to all samples, the CV% results ranged from $1 . 1 \%$ to $6 . 7 \%$ for DCP.

# (5) Total Precision:

AFP-L3: Total precision studies were performed for the AFP-L3 assay over the reportable range for both Total AFP and AFP-L $3 \%$ using 7 pooled human serum samples and 2 levels of controls. Three of the samples were pooled human serum samples near the clinical decision point and were prepared without spiking with analytes. The samples ranged from 10 to 950 ng/mL in Total AFP concentration and ranged from approximately $6 \%$ to $80 \%$ in AFP. $123 \%$ . The acceptance criterion for percent CV (CV%) was set at "within $10 \% ^ { \dag }$ for all samples. The results of $0 \%$ , measured over 21 days, for all samples ranged from $1 . 4 \%$ to $3 . 1 \%$ for Total AFP and ranged from $0 . 4 \%$ to $6 . 3 \%$ AFP- $- 3 \%$ .

DCP: Total precision studies were performed for the DCP assay over the reportable range using 7 pooled human serum samples and 2 levels of controls. Three of the samples were pooled human serum samples near the clinical decision point and were prepared without spiking with analyte. The samples ranged from 0.2 to 910 ng/mL in

DCP concentration.The acceptance criteria for percent $\widehat { \mathrm { C V } \left( \mathrm { C V } \% \right) }$ was set at "within $10 \% ^ { n }$ for DCP across upper reortable rane $( z 1 n g / m L )$ or "within $15 \% ^ { n }$ for C across lower reportable range $[ <$ 1 ng/mL). The results of $0 \%$ , measured over 21 days, for all samples ranged from $1 . 3 \%$ to $7 . 9 \%$ .

# (6) Reproducibility (Instrument to Instrument)

Theinstrument-to-nstrument reproducibility study by using 24 instruments evaluated the precision performance characteristics (between-instrument) for AFP-L3 and DCP assays. The acceptance criterion for percent CV $( C V \% )$ was set at "within $10 \% ^ { n }$ for both Total AFP and AFP. $13 \%$ and set at "within $10 \% ^ { \circ }$ for DCP. The results ranged from $1 . 6 \%$ to $2 . 7 \%$ for both Total AFP and AFP-L $3 \%$ and ranged from $4 . 9 \%$ and $5 . 6 \%$ for DCP.

# (7) Recovery

The recovery study evaluated the accuracy of quantitative "AFP-L3" and "DCP" assays. Percent recovery was determined as a percentage of expected value (%: otained value divided by expected value X 0). The results  recvery $( \% )$ ranged from $9 7 . 8 \%$ to $104 . 9 \%$ for Total AFP and ranged from $9 8 . 1 \%$ to $100 . 9 \%$ for AFP. $13 \%$ .The results of recovery $( \% )$ ranged from $9 4 . 0 \%$ to $1 1 1 . 6 \%$ for DCP.

# (8) Interference

Potential interfering substances were evaluated by determining recovery performance in the presence of known amounts, including concentrations higher than expected in whole blood, of the following substances: Hemoglobin, Bilirubin, Conjugated bilirubin, Triglycerides, Ascorbic acid, Glucose, Galactose, Rheumatoid factor, Vitamin B1, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B12, Ibuprofen, Acetaminophen, Acetylsalicylic acid, IFN-α, IFN $\beta$ and IFN-y. For Total AFP and AFP-L3% assay, no significant effect from the potential interferents occurred. For the DCP assay, no significant effect from the potential interferents occurred. Glucose and galactose were not tested for the DCP assay.

# (9) HAMA Interference

Potential inferences of two types of HAMA interferents (Type 1 SQ and Type 2L SQ) were evaluated at concentrations higher than expected in whole blood by determining recovery performance. No significant effect from the HAMA interferents occurred for the Total AFP, AFP-L $3 \%$ , and DCP assays.

# (10) Method Comparison/ Correlation

# μTASWako AFP-L3:

A comparison of the µTASWako AFP-L.3 to a similar AFP-L3 assay (LBA AFP-L3) was performed using µTASWako i30 and LiBASys, respectively. A comparison study of 200 samples from 100 patients was conducted by both instruments. In addition, 40 serum samples spiked with AFP-L1 and AFP-L3 to cover the upper part of the reportable range were studied.

Deming analysis, excluding two outliers, shows acceptable correlation with and without spiked samples, as demonstrated in the correlation graphs given herein. Correlation #1 shows the Deming regression analysis of AFP-L $3 \%$ values, with spiked samples and without outliers, run on µTASWako i30 and LiBASys. Correlation #2 shows the Deming regression analysis of AFP-l $3 \%$ values, without spiked samples and without outliers.

EY $\mathsf { X } =$ LBA AFP-L3 (LiBASys) Y = μTASWako AFP-L3 (μTASWako i30)

uTASWako AFP-L3 Correlation #1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number (n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62, 95% Cl (-0.03 to 1.26)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97, 95% Cl (0.95 to 0.98)</td></tr></table>

μTASWako AFP-L3 Correlation #2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number (n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78, 95% CI (0.03 to 1.54)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96, 95% Cl (0.91 to 1.00)</td></tr></table>

Using the data from correlation #2 and the clinical cut-off value of $10 \%$ ,a concordance rate (overall agreement) of $9 0 . 4 \%$ was found.

# μTASWako DCP:

A comparison of the µTASWako DCP to a similar DCP assay (LBA DCP) was performed using µTASWako i30 and LiBASys, respectively. A comparison study of 200 samples from 100 patients was conducted by both instruments. In addition, 20 serum samples spiked with DCP to cover the upper part of the reportable range were studied.

Deming analysis shows acceptable correlation with and without spiked samples, as demonstrated in the correlation graphs given herein. Correlation #1 shows the Deming regression analysis of DCP values, with spiked samples, run on uTAsWako i30 and LiBASys. Correlation #2 shows the Deming regression analysis of DCP values, without spiked samples.

$\mathsf { X } =$ LBA DCP (LiBASys) Y = µTASWako DCP (μTASWako i30)

μTASWako DCP Correlation #1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.94, 95% Cl (-2.09 to 0.21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04, 95% Cl (1.00 to 1.08)</td></tr></table>

μTASWako DCP Correlation #2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61, 95% Cl (-0.50 to 1.72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95, 95% Cl (0.85 to 1.04)</td></tr></table>

Using the data from correlation $\# 2$ and the clinical cut-off value of 7.5 ng/mL, a concordance rate (overall agreement) of $9 5 . 5 \%$ was found.

# (11) Stability

Long-term stability and stability after opening (on-board the instrument) were evaluated for the reagent, calibrator set, and two levels of controls for both assays. The results demonstrated stability according to the labeled storage conditions. In addition, during 30 days, stability of one-time instrument calibration using the same container of reagent (opened and stored on-board) was evaluated and found to support use of the same calibration curve.

# Rationale for Substantial Equivalence:

Substantial equivalence of µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer System as intended for use with the µTASWako AFP-L3 and μTASWako DCP Immunological Test Systems, including the associated calibrators and controls, is determined to be substantially equivalent to the predicates based upon the comparison of intended use/ indications for use, technological characteristics/ technical specifications and the results of performance testing (non-clinical).

The differences that exist arise due to the use of technology that improves the analytical capability for the AFP/AFP. $13 \%$ and DCP analytes assayed. These differences do not alter the safety and effectiveness of Subject Device.

# Conclusion:

The non-clinical tests performed using the uTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer System with the µTASWako AFP-L3 and µTASWako DCP Immunological Test Systems, including the associated calibrators and controls, demonstrate that the system is as safe, effective, and performs as well as the legally marketed predicate devices identified above.

Wako Chemicals, USA, Inc. Wako Diagnostics c/o Martha Murari, Ph.D., RAC Manager, Regulatory Affairs 1025 Terra Bella Ave, Suite A Mountain View, CA 94043

Re: k100464 Trade/Device Name: Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System Wako $\mu$ TASWako DCP Immunological Test System Wako $\mu$ TASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer System Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Calibrator Set Wako $\mu$ TASWako AFP-L3 Control L and Control H Wako $\mu$ TASWako DCP Calibrator Set Wako $\mu$ TASWako DCP Control L and Control H Regulation Number: 21CFR§866.6030 Regulation Name: AFP-L3% Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NSF, OAU, OUE, JIT, JJX Dated: February 14, 2011 Received: February 15, 2011

Dear Dr. Murari:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of February 23, 2011.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/Medical Devices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _ K100464

Device Name: Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System and Wako uTASWako DCP Immunological Test System

Indications for Use for µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System: The µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System is an in vitro device that consists of reagents used with the µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer to quantitatively measure, by immunochemical techniques, AFP- $13 \%$ in human serum. The device is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the risk assessment of patients with chronic liver disease for development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in conjunction with other laboratory findings, imaging studies and clinical assessment. Patients with elevated AFP- $13 \%$ values $( \geq 1 0 \% )$ have been shown to be associated with an increase in the risk o developing HCC within the next 21 months and should be more intensely evaluated for evidence of HCC according to the existing HCC practice guideline: in oncology.

Indications for Use for µTASWako DCP Immunological Test System: The µTASWako DCP Immunological Test System is an in vitro device that consists of reagents used with the µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer to quantitatively measure, by immunochemical techniques, DCP in human serum. The device is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the risk assessment of patients with chronic liver disease for development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in conjunction with other laboratory findings, imaging studies, and clinical assessment.

trition U D (ver-The-Counter Usec)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K100464

Device Name: Wako μTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer

The µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer is an in vitro diagnostic automated instrument intended for use to quantitatively measure analytes in clinical chemistry by immunochemical techniques. The µTASWako i30 Immunoanalyzer is indicated for use by healthcare professionals. It is intended for assays cleared or approved for use on this instrument.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):  K100464

Device Name: Wako μTASWako AFP-L3 Calibrator Set, Wako uTASWako AFP-L3 Control L, and Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Control H

The Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Calibrator Set is designed to be used with the Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System for the quantitative determination of AFP-L $3 \%$ in human serum.

The Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Control L is designed to be used as quality control material for the quantitative determination of AFP-L $3 \%$ in human serum using the Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System.

The Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Control H is designed to be used as quality control material for the quantitative determination of AFP. $. L 3 \%$ in human serum using the Wako µTASWako AFP-L3 Immunological Test System.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k)_ k100464

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _ K100464

Device Name: Wako uTASWako DCP Calibrator Set, Wako uTASWako DCP Control L, and Wako uTASWako DCP Control H

The Wako uTASWako DCP Calibrator Set is designed to be used with the Wako μTASWako DCP Immunological Test System for the quantitative determination of DCP in human serum.

The Wako µTASWako DCP Control L is designed to be used as a quality control material for the quantitative determination of DCP in human serum using the Wako μTASWako DCP Immunological Test System.

The Wako µTASWako DCP Control H is designed to be used as a quality control material for the quantitative determination of DCP in human serum using the Wako μTASWako DCP Immunological Test System.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

k100464