Device Name Proprietary Device Name: ScanView

# Establishment Name and Registration Number of Submitter

Name: Applied Spectral Imaging Ltd.. (ASI hereafter)   
Registration: 9615060   
Submission contact: Dan Laor   
Sireni 6, Haifa 32972, Israel   
TEL: 972-4-8246632

# Device Classification

Product Code: Regulation Number: Regulation Description: Regulatory class:

NTH   
866.4700   
Automated FISH Enumeration Systems   
Class II

Reason for 510(k) Submission Traditional 510(k) Submission. Expansion of the indications for use.

Identification of Legally Marketed Equivalent Devices ScanView K071398 Duet System K061602

# Device Description

The ScanView is an integrated digital imaging system constructed of an external microscope, motorized multi slide stage, amera, and a workstation. It is designe t acquire mages of cells and nables identification nd x  eo r flue laion.Theacqiages nbe nc rchiv retriveanprinteTheu microscopeenables Z motion of the slide and the motorized stage enables its X-Ymotions. The microscope lso includes motorized filter turret containing fluorescence filters.

# Indications for use

The ScanView System is n utoatscannig micoscope and image analysis ystem. It is intended or -i le paieas o intet basn olorinesiy ze pa, n shapeTheScanVi s diate de e following cell types:

1. CEP® X Spectrum OrangeTM/CEP $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Y Spectrum GreenTM DNA Probe kit (Abbott Laboratories, Illinois, U.S.An is m henalys  EP XY prob hiptuennalys h n.CEP XY is indicate o use to assess the efeciveness o bone marow transplantation inpposi-x transplants

2. Human breast cancer containing the HER-2/neu gene labeled in Red and the centromere of chromosome 17 nGeei  yzti SHh ucalnixp embedded human breast cancer tissue specimens with the Vysis® PathVysion™M HER-2 DNA Probe kit. The ScanView System is to be used as an adjunctive automated enumeration tool in conjunction with manual visualization.

# Safety & Effectiveness

The device has been designed verified and validated complying with 21CFR 820.30 regulations. Bench and cicl data demonstrate that the device meets the required specifications. No adverse affects have been detected.

# Substantial Equivalency

It is Appl Specl ImagiLtn that he ScanViw is ubsanially equivalent in ter  safeyn effectiveness to the predicate devices.

Applied Spectral Imaging, LTD   
C/o Mr. Dan Laor   
Quality by Vision LTD   
6 Sireni   
Haifa   
Israel 32972

Re: k101291 Trade/Device Name: Scan View System Regulation Number: 21 CFR§866.4700 Regulation Name: Automated FISH Enumeration Systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NTH Dated: November 7, 2010 Received: November 12, 2010

Dear Mr. Laor:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to.895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, mnais mchand

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D. Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K101291

Device Name: ScanView System

The ScanView System is an automated scanning microscope and image analysis system. It is intended forinv diagnostic use s an aiding tool to the pathologist or cytogeneticist in the detection, classifiation and eaion  centest basn colorintensiy epatt, and shapeThe ScanViw is ini to detect the following cell types:

1. CEP® X Spectrum OrangeTM/CEP® Y Spectrum GreenT™M DNA Probe kit (Abbott Laboratories, s, U.S.A)and is mt to the nalysis of CEP XY probesv high maia cptu nd analysis interphase nuclei. CEP XY is indicated for use to assess theefectiveness of bone marrow transplantation in opposite-sex transplants

2. Human breast cancer containing the HER-2/neu gene labeled in Red and the centromere of chromosome 17 labeled in Green via fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) in interphase nuclei from formalin-fixed, paraffin embedded human breast cancer tissue specimens with the Vysis® PathVysion™M HER-2 DNA Probe kit.

The ScanView System is to be used as an adjunctive automated enumeration tool in conjunction with manual visualization.

Prescription Use: YES (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF EEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

# Divislon Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluatlon and Safety 510(K K10/29/.