# K102607

# Premarket Notification 510(k) Summary FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 Assay kit and Multiparameters quality control

Assigned 510(k) Number:

Submitted by : · Name: Contact Person:

Address:

Biomedical Diagnostics S.A (bmd)   
Christelle COURIVAUD   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Actipole 25, 4-6 Bld de Beaubourg   
77435 Marne-La-Vallée Cedex 2   
FRANCE   
33 (0)1 64 62 10 12   
33 (0)1 64 62 09 66   
3003035253   
Telephone:   
Fax:   
Establishment   
Registration Number:

US Agent correspondent:

P. Ann Hoppe, President   
Hoppe Regulatory Consultants LLC   
103 South Cherry Street   
Falls Church VA 22046   
703 532 1145 Office   
FAX 703 592 9024   
E-mail: HoppeRegulatory@cs.com

# Device Name

# Trade/Proprietary Name : FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 Assay kit

Classification Names:

Antinuclear Antibody Immunological Test System

Common/Usual Name :

MX006 - MX506 - FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10: Detection test for autoantibodies directed against dsDNA, SS-A (60kDa and TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa), SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1, ribosomes and centromere (CENPB).

Trade/Proprietary Name :

. Classification Name:

FIDISTM Analyzer Instrumentation for Chemical Multiplex Systems

Trade/Proprietary Name : CARISTM System Classification Name: Device, Microtiter diluting/Dispensing

Legally marketed equivalent device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510K Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K071210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biomedical DiagnosticsS.A.(bmd)</td></tr></table>

# Device description

FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE 10 kit is a multiplex flow immunoassay, which allows simultaneous identification and detection of several antibodies.

FIDIS™M CONNECTIVE 10 is based on the use of distinct uniform size color-coded microsphere sets and a benchtop flow cytometer interfaced to digital signal processing hardware and software. A red diode laser beam in the flow cytometer recognizes each set of microspheres on the basis of its unique fluorescence intensity (red and infrared) thus identifying which parameter is being tested. At the same time, a green laser beam illuminates thc external second molecule fluorescence to quantify the reaction related to the specific antigen.

Ten different fluorescently "colored" sets of microspheres are coated with antigens associated with various connective diseases (dsDNA, SS-A (60kDA and TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)), SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-l, ribosomes and centromere). An additional microsphere (Internal Bcad standard) set is coated with anti-lgG to ensure that false negative results due to operational error are detected.

The eleven different sets of microspheres are mixed together. The mixture is lyophilized and constitutes the final microspheres reagent.

The test is performed using a 96 wells microplate with a filtering membrane at the bottom of the wells.

bnd

$\Rightarrow$ In the first step, the sample is distributed in each well containing the reconstituted microspheres mixture, allowing any anti-dsDNA, anti-SS-A (60kDa and TRIM 21 (SS-A $5 2 \mathrm { k D a } ) .$ , anti-SS-B, anti- $\mathtt { \AA m }$ ,anti-Sm/RNP, anti-Scl-70, anti-Jo-1, anti-ribosomes and anti-centromere antibodies present to bind to the immobilized antigens on the microspheres, as well as free IgG to bind to the anti-IgG microsphere.

$\Rightarrow$ After incubation, a wash step using a filtration process removes the unbound antibodies.

$\Rightarrow$ A phycoerythrin anti-human IgG conjugate is then added that binds to the previously bound antibodies.

$\Rightarrow$ A final wash step stops the reaction and eliminates the unbound conjugate.

$\Rightarrow$ The reaction is then measured directly by the flow cytometer, which distinguishes each set of microspheres by its fluorescence color while simultaneously mcasuring the average fluorescence emitted by the conjugate.

$\Rightarrow$ A calibration system allows the determination of the titer $( \mathrm { A U / m L } )$ of each sample by interpolation for each antigenic specificity.

# Kit components

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td><td>MX006</td><td>MX506</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">96 wells microplate with fitering membrane and lid. MP</td><td rowspan="2">1 plate</td><td rowspan="2">5 plates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Viai (A) of color-coded microsphere set of 10 sensitized by dsDNA, SS-A 60 kDa, TRiM 21 (SS-A 52</td></tr><tr><td>kDa), SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1, ribosomes and CENP-B antigen(s). Lyophilized (to be reconstituted with the buffer named D)</td><td colspan="2">MICROSPHERES</td><td>qs 6mL</td><td>5 x qs 6mL</td></tr><tr><td>Vial (B1) of sample dilution buffer (white vial) Ready to use</td><td>DIL SPE</td><td>.</td><td>2×115mL</td><td>10 x 115mL</td></tr><tr><td>Vial of calibrator* Ready to use Each titer is printed on the vial label</td><td>CAL</td><td></td><td>1x 1,5mL</td><td>5x1.5mL</td></tr><tr><td>Vial of positive control concentrated. This control has a standard reactivity, which provides evidence of the proper reagents activity and proper assay performance. To be diluted Expected values are printed on the vial label.</td><td>CONTROL</td><td>+</td><td>1 x 250.μL</td><td>5x 250μL</td></tr><tr><td>Vial of negative control concentrate To be diluted</td><td>CONTROL</td><td>:</td><td>1x 250pL</td><td>5 x 250μL</td></tr><tr><td>Vial of anti-human 1gG coupled to phycoerythrin Ready to use</td><td>CONJ</td><td>IgG</td><td>1 x 12mL</td><td>5x 12mL</td></tr><tr><td>Vial (C1) of washing buffer (black vial) Ready to use</td><td>BUF</td><td>WASH</td><td>1 x 100mL</td><td>5 x 100mL</td></tr><tr><td>Vial (D) of reconstitution buffer for the microsphere set Ready to use</td><td>BUF</td><td>MICROSPHERES</td><td>1 x 6mL</td><td>5x 6mL</td></tr></table>

Registered Office : Actipole 25 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bmd@bmd-net.com Internet $\boldsymbol { : }$ www.bmd-net.com

# Intended use

# FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 Assay kit

The FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE $1 0 ^ { \ast }$ kit is a semi-quantitative homogeneous fluorescentbased microparticles immunoassay using flow cytometry. The test system is used to simultaneously detect the presence of 10 autoantibody specificities: double stranded DNA (dsDNA), SS-A (60kDa and TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)), SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1, ribosomes and centromere (CENP-B).

(\*Antibodies to dsDNA, Sm, Sm/RNP, SS-A, SS-B, Scl-70, Jo-1, ribosomes and CENP-B can be reported using this assay).

# Clinical utility:

The results of the FIDIS™M CONNECTIVE 10 are to be used in conjunction with the clinical findings and the other laboratory tests to aid in the diagnosis of connective diseases (systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), Sjogren's syndrome, mixed connective tissue disease (MCTD), scleroderma, dermatomyositis and CREST syndrome).

FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE 10 kit uses serum only, and is to be run on the FIDISTM Instrument and MLX-BOOSTERTM Software.

FIDIS™M CONNECTIVE 10 kit may be used with the CARIS™M system (diluting and dispensing device).

This kit is for In vitro diagnostic use.

Technological characteristics   
The following table summarizes similaritics and differences between the modified FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 and the predicate device FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 (K071210).

Comparison with the predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceFIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10K071210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceFIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Individual determination in human serum ofIgG antibodies against:dsDNA, SSA 60kDa, SSA 52kDa, SSB,Sm, Sm/RNP, Scl70, Jo-1, Ribosome andcentromere</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Minor text change)Individual determination in human serum oflgG antibodies against:dsDNA, SS-A 60kDa, TRIM 21 (SS-A52kDa), SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1,Ribosomes and centromere</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CO-OE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>&lt;30for the 10 specificities  - In IU/mL fordsDNA30-40- In AU/mL forfor the 10 specificitiesthe 9 other&gt;40          specificitiesfor the 10 specificities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial of color-coded microsphere setLyophilized(Sufficient quantity to obtain 6mL afterreconstitution)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample dilution buffer ready to use (B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Minor text change)Sample dilution buffer ready to use (B1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Washing buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Washing buffer ready to use (C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Minor text change)Washing buffer ready to use (C1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Internal standardbeads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reconstitution bufferfor themicrosphere set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial (D) of reconstitution buffer for themicrosphere setReady to use (6mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Assay configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 &quot;reagent-blank&quot; well1 &quot;negative control&quot; well1 &quot;positive control&quot; well2 &quot;calibrator&quot; wells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted sample wells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incubation time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 30min. RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Assay protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final wash step</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MLX-Booster Version 2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Assay technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow cytometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Number of readingmicrospheres perparameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reading time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Microplate scalingfilms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample delivery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual pipetting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Automated sampledelivery (option)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CARISTM (pipettor)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

S.A au Capital de 2 755.46 Euros RCS Meaux: B 339 685 612 Siret: 339 685 612 00048-APE: 514N N° TVA Intracommunautaire: FR 68 339 685 612   
Registered Office : Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Actipole 25 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 4-6 bd de Beaubourg Email: bmd@bmd-net.com 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2 Internet : www.bmd-net.com

# Performance Characteristics

# 7.1. Precision study - Using Manual Pipetting

Precision of the assay was assessed in using 6 samples for each of 7 analytes (dsDNA, SS-A 60kDa & TRIM 21 (SS-A $5 2 \mathrm { \ k D a } )$ , SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Jo-1 and CENP-B) and only in using 5 samples for Scl-70 and Ribosomes. Precision was determincd by calculating the within-run (intra-assay) and the between-run (inter-assay).

For within-run: 10 tests in a same run.   
For between-run: 5 runs, 1 test per run.

Table 1: Summary of FIDIS™M CONNECTIVE 10 precision results using Manual Pipetting   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>· dsDNA, SS-A 60kDa &amp; TRIM 21 (SS-A 52 kDa), SS-B, Sm,Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1, Ribosomes and Centromere analytes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimal %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximal %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimal %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximal %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 29 AU/mL or·IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 to 400 AU/mL or[U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td></tr></table>

# 7.2. Comparison study with predicate - Using Manual Pipetting

bmd has compared the results obtained with modified FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 versus the results obtained with predicate FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 K071210.

The study was performed on 80 samples characterized with the predicate test and the result repartition is described bclow:

77 samples were positive for one or more parameters (see table 3) 3 negative samples.

bmd biomedicaldlagnostics

a. First set of measures based on included the equivocal results with the test negative . results.

dsDNA

SS-A 60kDa

<table><tr><td colspan="2">dsDNA</td><td colspan="3">PREDICATE FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 16</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>1 63</td><td>17 63</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>16</td><td>64</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">SS-A 60kDa</td><td colspan="3">PREDICATE FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>25</td><td>1</td><td>26</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>54</td><td>54</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>25</td><td>55</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (16/16) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 4 \%$ (63/64) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

There were 4 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (25/25) Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 2 \%$ (54/55) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

# .  TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)

SS-B

<table><tr><td colspan="2">TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)</td><td colspan="3">PREDICATE FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>23</td><td>0</td><td>23</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>1</td><td>56</td><td>57</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>24</td><td>56</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">SS-B •</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">PREDICATE FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>14</td><td>1</td><td>15</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>65</td><td>65</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>14</td><td>66</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $9 5 . 8 \%$ (23/24) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (56/56) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

There were 5 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (14/14) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 5 \%$ (65/66) - Overall agrecment: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

#

# Sm/RNP

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Sm</td><td colspan="3">PREDICATE FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>17</td><td>0</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>17</td><td>63</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Sm/RNP</td><td colspan="2">PREDICAtE FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 19</td><td>Neg .1</td><td>Total 20</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0 .</td><td>60</td><td>60</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>19</td><td>61</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (17/17) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (63/63) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (19/19) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 4 \%$ (60/61) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

S.A au Capital de 2 755.46 Euros RCS Meaux: B 339 685 612 Siret: 339 685 612 00048-APE: 514N N° TVA Intracommunautaire: FR 68 339 685 612

Registered Office : Actipole 25 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bmd@bmd-net.com Internet : www.bmd-net.com bmd

Scl-70

Jo-1   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Scl-70</td><td colspan="3">PrediCate Fidist CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>15</td><td>2</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>15</td><td>65</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Jo-1</td><td colspan="3">PREDICATE FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>10</td><td>0</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>70</td><td>70</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>10</td><td>70</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (15/15) - Negative percent agreement: $9 6 . 9 \%$ (63/65) - Overall agreement: $9 7 . 5 \%$ (78/80)

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (10/10) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (70/70) - Overall agrcement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

# CENP-B

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">CENP-B</td><td colspan="3">PReDiCatE FIDISt CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>7</td><td>1</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>72</td><td>72</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>.7</td><td>73</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (7/7) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 6 \%$ (72/73) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

# Ribosomes

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Ribosomes</td><td colspan="3">PreDiCatE FiDis™ CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>6</td><td>0</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>74</td><td>74</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>6</td><td>74</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was l equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agrecment: $10 0 \%$ (6/6) - Negative percent agrecment: $100 \%$ (74/74) . Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

bmd blomedical dlagnostics

b. Second set of measures based on included the equivocal results with the test positive results.

dsDNA

SS-A 60kDa

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>dsDNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PREDICAtE FIDISTMCONNECTIVE 10K071210Pos   Neg  Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MODIFIEDFIDISTMCONNECTIVE10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS-A 60kDa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PREDICATE FIDISTCONNECTIVE 10K071210Pos   Neg  Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MODIFIED    PosFIDISTM     NegCONNECTIVE10        Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0·</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal resul with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result is considered to be positive.

Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (17/17) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (63/63) - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

There were 4 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (29/29) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (51/51) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

# $\Rightarrow$ TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)

> SS-B

<table><tr><td colspan="2">TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)</td><td colspan="3">PREDiCATE FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 25</td><td>Neg 1</td><td>Total 26</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>54</td><td>54</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>25</td><td>55</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SS-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PREDICATE FIDISCONNECTIVE 10K071210Pos    Neg  Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>MODIFIED .    PosFIDISTM     NegCONNECTIVE10        Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

. Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (25/25) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 2 \%$ (54/55) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

There were 5 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (19/19) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (61/61) - Overall agrcement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

Sm

# Sm/RNP

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PREDICATE FIdIsTCONNECTIVE 10K071210Pos    Neg   Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MODIFIEDFIDISTMCONNECTIVE10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Sm/RNP</td><td colspan="3">PREDICATE FIDiST CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>20 1</td><td>1</td><td>21</td></tr><tr><td>Neg Total</td><td>21</td><td>58 59</td><td>59 80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result is considered to be positive.

. Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (18/18) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (62/62) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

. Positive percent agreement: $9 5 . 2 \%$ (20/21) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 3 \%$ (58/59) - Overall agreement: $9 7 . 5 \%$ (78/80)

S.A au Capital de 2 755.46 Euros RCS Meaux: B 339 685 612 Siret: 339 685 612 00048-APE: 514N $\aleph ^ { \circ }$ TVA Intracommunautaire: FR 68 339 685 612

Registered Office : Actipole 25 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Mame La Vallée cedex 2

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 1012 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bmd@bmd-net.com Internet : www.bmd-net.com bmd

Scl-70

Jo-1   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Scl-70</td><td colspan="3">PReDicate FIdIs CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 17</td><td>Neg 0</td><td>Total 17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>17</td><td>63</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Jo-1</td><td colspan="3">PReDICatE FIDiSt CONNECTIVE 10 K071210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 12</td><td>Neg 0</td><td>Total 12</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>68</td><td>68</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>12</td><td>68</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Posftive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (17/17) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (63/63) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (12/12) Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (68/68) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

# → CENP-B

# Ribosomes

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CENP-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate FidistCONNECTIVE 10K071210Pos . Neg  Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>MODIFIED     PosFIDISTMNegCONNECTIVE10        Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>• 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ribosomes</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>PreDiCAtE FIdISTCONNECTIVE 10K071210Pos   Neg   Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MODIFIED     PosFIDISTM     NegCONNECTIVE10        Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (8/8) - Negative percent agreement; $100 \%$ (72/72) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

There was ! equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (7/7) Negative percent agrcement: $100 \%$ (73/73) - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bmd@bmd-nel.com Internet ; www.bmd-net.com

Table 2: Summary of performance agreement results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>AntigenicSpecifleity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overallagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPI2-AChap 9.2.2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP12-AChap 9.1.1.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP12-AChap 9.1.1.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proportion.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proportion&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CIFor positiveagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CIFor negativeagreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>dsDNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3%-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SSA 60 kDa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negatlve results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TRIM 21(SSA 52kDa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SSB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94,1%-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test positve results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sm/RNP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negatlve results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.3%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Scl70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test posltive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Jo1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&#x27; equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.3%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CENP-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test negatlve results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results Includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ribosomes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test positlve results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%-100%</td></tr></table>

# All of results show that FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE 10 considered substantially equivalent to the predicate K071210ISTM CONNECTIVE 10

Registered Office : Actipole 25 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bmd@bmd-net.com Internet : www.bmd-net.com

# 7.3.Performance data for modified FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 with CARISTM (diluting/dispensing Device)

# a. Precision study

Precision of the assay was assessed in using 6 samples for each of 7 analytes (dsDNA, SS-A 60kDa & TRIM 21 (SS-A $5 2 \ k D a \mathrm { _ { \cdot } }$ , SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Jo-1 and CENP-B) and only in using 5 samples for Scl-70 and Ribosomes. Precision was determined by calculating the within-run (intra-assay) and the between-run (interassay).

For within-run: 10 tests in a same run.   
For between-run: 5 runs, 1 test per run.

Table 3: Summary of CARISTM precision results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>dsDNA, SS-A 60kDa &amp; TRIM 21 (SS-A 52 kDa), SS-B, Sm,Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1 Ribosomes and Centromere analytes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimal %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximal %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimal %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximal %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 29 AU/mL or1U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 to 400 AU/mL orIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td></tr></table>

b. Comparison studies (manual versus automated assay preparation steps)

bmd has compared the results obtained with modified FIDlSTM CONNECTIVE 10 for manual or automated (with CARISTM).assay preparation steps.

The study was performed on 80 samples characterized with the predicate test and the result repartition is described below:

77 samples were positive for one or more parameters (see table 10)   
3 negative samples.

bmd

a. First set of measures based on included the equivocal results with the test negative results.

# SS-A 60kDa

dsDNA   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">dsDNA</td><td colspan="3">MODIFIED FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 16</td><td>Neg 1</td><td>Total 17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>Total With CARISTM</td><td>16</td><td>64</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (16/16) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 4 \%$ (63/64) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

<table><tr><td colspan="2">SS-A 60kDa</td><td colspan="3">MODifieD FIDISt CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 26</td><td>Neg 1</td><td>Total 27</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>53</td><td>53</td></tr><tr><td>Total With CARISTM</td><td>26</td><td>54</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (26/26) - Negative percent agrcement: $9 8 . 1 \%$ (53/54) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

# TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TRIM 21(SS-A 52kDa)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>MOdiFieD FIDISTCONNECTIVE 10Manual UsePos   Neg  Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MODIFIED     PosFIDISTMCONNECTIVE Neg10With CARISTMTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

# SS-B

- Positive percent agreement; $100 \%$ (22/22) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 3 \%$ (57/58) - Overall agrcement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

<table><tr><td colspan="2">SS-B</td><td colspan="3">MOdifieD FidISt CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODiFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDIS™M CONNECTIVE 10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>15</td><td>0</td><td>15</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>65</td><td>65</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>15</td><td>65 .</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 4 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (15/15) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (65/65) - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

#

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sm</td><td colspan="3">MOdifieD FIDIS CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>16</td><td>1</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>16</td><td>64</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was l equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (16/16) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 4 \%$ (63/64) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

# Sm/RNP

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sm/RNP</td><td colspan="3">MOdiFieD FIDIS CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 .· With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>20</td><td>0</td><td>20</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>60</td><td>60</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>20</td><td>60</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

-  Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (20/20) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (60/60) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bud@bmd-net.com Internet $\boldsymbol { : }$ www.bmd-net.com bamd

Scl-70

Jo-1   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Scl-70</td><td colspan="3">MOdiFieD FIDIS CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 15</td><td>Neg 2</td><td>Total 17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>15</td><td>65</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (15/15) - Negative percent agreement: $9 6 . 9 \%$ (63/65) - Overall agreement: $9 7 . 5 \%$ (78/80)

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Jo-1</td><td colspan="3">MOdiFieD FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED</td><td>Pos 10</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>0</td><td>0 70</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Neg Total</td><td>10</td><td></td><td>70</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>70</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (10/10) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (70/70) . - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

# CENP-B

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">CENP-B</td><td colspan="3">MODIFiED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg .</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>8</td><td>0</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>72</td><td>72</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>8</td><td>72</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was I equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (8/8) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (72/72) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

# Ribosomes

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Ribosomes</td><td colspan="3">MODIFiED FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos.</td><td>6</td><td>0</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>74</td><td>74</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>6</td><td>74</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (6/6) -Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (74/74) - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

Registered Office : Actipole 25 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bud@bmd-net.com Internet : www.bmd-net.com bnd

b. Second set of measures based on included the equivocal results with the test positive results.

dsDNA   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">dsDNA</td><td colspan="3">MODIFIED FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos .</td><td>17</td><td>0</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>With CARISTM Total</td><td>17</td><td>63</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

SS-A 60kDa   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">SS-A 60kDa</td><td colspan="4">MOdifieD FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td>Pos</td><td></td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>29</td><td>0</td><td>29</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>51</td><td>51</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>29</td><td>51</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was I equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result is considered to be positive.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (17/17) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (63/63) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (29/29) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (51/51) - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

# $\Rightarrow$ TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)

<table><tr><td colspan="2">TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)</td><td colspan="3">MOdiFieD FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED FIDISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">CONNECTIVE ·10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>26</td><td>0</td><td>26</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>54</td><td>54</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>26</td><td>54</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 3 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (26/26) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (54/54) - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

SS-B

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SS-B</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>MODiFieD FIDISTCONNECTIVE 10Manual UsePos   Neg  Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MODIFIED    PosFIDISTMCONNECTIVENeg10With CARISTMTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

There were 4 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (17/17) Negative percent agreement: $9 6 . 8 \%$ (61/63) - Overall agreement: $9 7 . 5 \%$ (78/80)

# Sm

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Sm</td><td colspan="3">MOdiFieD FIDIStM CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>17 0</td><td>0</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg Total</td><td>17</td><td>63 63</td><td>63 80</td></tr></table>

There was I equivocal resuit with the assay. For purposes ol calculation, this result is considered to be positive.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (17/17) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (63/63) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

# Sm/RNP

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Sm/RNP</td><td colspan="3">MOdifieD FidISt CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">• MODIFIED</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10</td><td>Pos</td><td>20</td><td>0</td><td>20</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>1</td><td>59</td><td>60</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>21</td><td>59</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result is considered to be positive.

- Positive percent agreement: $9 5 . 2 \%$ (20/21) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (59/59) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

S.A au Capital de 2 755.46 Euros RCS Meaux: B 339 685 612 Siret: 339 685 612 00048-APE: 514N N° TVA lntracommunautaire: FR 68 339 685 612

Registered Office : Actipole 25 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2

Tel: 33 (0)1 64 62 10 12 Fax : 33 (0)1 64 62 09 66 Email: bmd@bmd-net.com Internet $\boldsymbol { : }$ www.bmd-net.com

Scl-70   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Scl-70</td><td colspan="3">MOdifieD FIDIST CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">MODIFIED FIDISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">CONNECTIVE 10 With CARISTM</td><td>Pos</td><td>17</td><td>0</td><td>17</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>63</td><td>63</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>17</td><td>63</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (17/17) - Negative percent agreement: $100 \%$ (63/63) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

Jo-1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>. Jo-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>MODIFIED FIDISTCONNECTIVE 10Manual UsePos   Neg  Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>MODIFIED     PosFIDISTM.CONNECTIVE Neg10With CARISTMTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

There were 2 equivocal results with the assay. For purposes of calculation, these results were considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (12/12) Negative percent agreement; $100 \%$ (68/68) - Overall agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (80/80)

# CENP-B

<table><tr><td colspan="2">CENP-B</td><td colspan="3">MODIFiED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos 8</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total 9</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>0</td><td>1 71</td><td>71</td></tr><tr><td>Total With CARISTM</td><td>8</td><td>72</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was I equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $100 \%$ (8/8) - Negative percent agreement: $9 8 . 6 \%$ (71/72) - Overall agreement: $9 8 . 8 \%$ (79/80)

# Ribosomes

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Ribosomes</td><td colspan="3">MOdiFieD FidISt CONNECTIVE 10 Manual Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MODIFIED FIDISTM CONNECTIVE</td><td>Pos</td><td>Pos</td><td>Neg</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>Neg</td><td>7 0</td><td>0 73</td><td>7 73</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>7</td><td>73</td><td>80</td></tr></table>

There was 1 equivocal result with the assay. For purposes of calculation, this result was considered to be negative.

- Positive percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (7/7) - Negative percent agreement: $1 0 0 \%$ (73/73) - Overall agreement: $100 \%$ (80/80)

Table 4: Summary of performance agreements results obtained with CARISTM versus manual   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>AntlgenlcSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overallagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP12-AChap 9.2.2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPI2-AChap 9.1.1.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPI2-AChap 9.1.1.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. 95%CIFor positiveagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CIFor negativeagreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>dsDNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3%-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SSA 60 kDa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.5%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test positve results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TRIM 21(SSA 52kDa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results inctudedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test posltive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.1%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4%-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SSB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.5%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results inctudedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sm/RNP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Scl70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>·100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Jo1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.3%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CENP-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.67.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equlvocal results includedwith the test posltive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ribosomes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results Includedwith the test negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equivocal results includedwith the test positive results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.6%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%-100%</td></tr></table>

All of previous evaluations results indicate that manual and automated (with CARISTM) assay preparation steps are considered substantially equivalents.

Registered Office : Actipole 25 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne La Vallée cedex 2

# Conclusions

$= >$ In conclusion, all supporting data demonstrate that the FIDIS™M CONNECTIVE 10 system can be considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

$\Rightarrow$ All comparative studies indicate that manual and automated (with CARISTM) assays provide results that are statistically comparable.

# DEC 0 3 2010

Biomedical Diagnostics (bmd) S.A c/o Ms. Christelle Courivaud   
Regulatory Manager   
Actipole 25, 4-6 bd de Beaubourg 77435 Marne-La-Vallée Cedex 2 FRANCE

Re: k102607 Trade/Device Name: FIDISTM CONNECTIVE 10 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 1 0 0$ EPY Regulation Name: Antinuclear Antibody, immunological test systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: LLL, LKJ, LKO, LKP, LSW, LJM, MQA Dated: October 29, 2010 Received: November 1, 2010

Dear Ms. Courivaud:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Renk Maria Chan, Ph.D.

for Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k102607

Device Name: FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE 10

# Indication For Use:

The FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE $\mathbf { 1 0 ^ { \star } }$ kit is a semi-quantitative homogeneous fluorescent-based microparticles immunoassay using flow cytometry. The test system is used to simultaneously detect the presence of 10 autoantibody specificities: double stranded DNA (dsDNA), SS-A (60kDa and TRIM 21 (SS-A 52kDa)), SS-B, Sm, Sm/RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1, ribosomes and centromere (CENP-B).

(\*Antibodies to dsDNA, Sm, Sm/RNP, SS-A, SS-B, Scl-70, Jo-1, ribosomes and CENP-B can be reported using this assay).

# Clinical utility:

The results of the FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE 10 are to be used in conjunction with the clinical findings and the other laboratory tests to aid in the diagnosis of connective diseases (systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), Sjogren's syndrome, mixed connective tissue disease (MCTD), scleroderma, dermatomyositis and CREST syndrome).

FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE 10 kit uses serum only, and is to be run on the FIDISTM Instrument and MLX-BOOSTER™M Software. \*

FIDIS™ CONNECTIVE 10 kit may be used with the CARIS™M system (diluting and dispensing device).

# This kit is for In vitro Diagnostic Use.

Prescription Use _X And/Or Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)