# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K103676

# Submitter Information

Address:

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

# Contact person:

Diana L Dickson (610) 240-3917 dicksond@fdi.com

Summary preparation date: July 18, 2011

# Name of Device

510(k) number:   
Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Common/Usual Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Regulatory Class:   
Product Code:   
$5 1 0 ( k )$ number:   
Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Common/Usual Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Regulatory Class:   
Product Code: K072939   
HE4 EIA Kit   
Tumor-associated Antigen Immunological Test System. 21 CFR §866.6010   
Class II   
OIU, epithelial ovarian tumor associated antigen test (HE4) K101809   
Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control   
Quality control material (assayed and unassayed).   
21 CFR 862.1660   
Class I, reserved   
JJY, Multi-Analyte Controls, All kinds, (Assayed)

# Predicate Device

HE4 EIA (K072939)

# Purpose of Submission

The purpose of the Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control (for use with HE4 EIA) 510(k) submission is to replace the current HE4 ElA kit controls (cleared under K072939) with the Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control (cleared under K101809).

The Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Controls are used for validation of each HE4 ElA assay series. The HE4 EIA results should be considered valid if the mean HE4 values of control duplicates are within the specified HE4 ElA ranges indicated on the Assigned Value Sheet provided with the Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Controls.

# Intended Use of the Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.   
Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control is intended for use as an assayed control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the lot specific assigned values sheet.

A comparison of the features of the Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control and the Predicate Device are as follows:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fujirebio Diagnostics TumorMarker Control(K101809)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4 EIA kit controls(K072939)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Purpose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validation of each HE4 ElA assayseries.The HE4 EIA results should beconsidered valid if the mean HE4values of control duplicates arewithin the specified HE4 EIAranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validation of each HE4 EIA assayseries.The HE4 EIA results should beconsidered valid if the mean HE4values of control duplicates arewithin the specified HE4 EIAranges</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supplier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufactured by FujirebioDiagnostics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufactured by FujirebioDiagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4 Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified, recombinant antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified, recombinant antigen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage (unopened)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store the kit at 2-8°C.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store the kit at 2-8°C.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life (unopened)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fujirebio Diagnostics TumorMarker Control(K101809)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4 EIA kit controls(K072939)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls Supplied</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sold Separately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sold with HE4 EIA kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•Analyte (s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4 (Human Epididymis Protein 4)AFP (Alpha-Fetoprotein)CA 15-3CA 19-9CA 125CEA (Carcinoembryonic Antigen)FerritinHE4 (Human Epididymis Protein 4)PSA (Prostate Specific Antigen)Free PSA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4 (Human Epididymis Protein 4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target HE4Concentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 and 500 pM*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 and 400 pM*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target HE4 Ranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranges of expected resultsindicated on the Assigned ValueSheet provided with the FujirebioDiagnostics Tumor MarkerControls.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranges of expected results areindicated on the vial labels.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitution Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 mL. distilled or deionized water</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 mL. distilled or deionized water</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability afterReconstitution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days at 28°C60 days at -20°C or below</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 weeks at 2-8°C4 months at -20°C or below</td></tr></table>

Tar cncentration ifeences re acceptable -e caimed HE IA range  5  00 pM, w upper limit of normal of 150 pM. (Refer to HE4 EIA package insert)

Value Assignment comparisons:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor MarkerControl(K101809)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HE4 ElA kit controls(K072939)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 replicate analyses collected in 4independent runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 replicate analyses collected in 2independent runs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Different HE4 ElA kit reagent combinationsin each run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same HE4 EIA kit reagent combination ineach run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV &lt;8% within run.Mean value for each run within ± 2SD forother 3 runs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV% ≤ 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned range for HE4 EIAControl Level 1:Total Mean ± 2SD but not less than ± 30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned rangeHE4 EIA kit Control Level 1:Total Mean ± 30%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned range for HE4 EIAControl Level 2:Total Mean ± 2SD but not less than ± 25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned rangeHE4 EIA kit Control Level 2:Total Mean ± 20%</td></tr></table>

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Ms. Diana Lyn Dickson Regulatory Affairs Manager 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

# JUL 1 9 2011

Re: k103676 Trade/Device Name: HE4 EIA kit Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 6 0 1 0$ Regulation Name: Tumor-associated Antigen Immunological Test Regulatory Class: Class H Product Code: OIU, JJY Dated: July 7, 2011 Received: July 8, 2011

Dear Ms. Dickson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

Page 2 - Ms. Diana Lyn Dickson

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, manæ I chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k103676

Device Name: HE4 EIA

Indications For Use:

The HE4 EIA is an enzyme immunometric assay for the quantitative determination of HE4 in human serum. The assay is to be used as an aid in monitoring recurrence or progressive disease in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer. Serial testing for patient HE4 assay values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring ovarian cancer.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro. Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K. K103676

Page 1 of _2_

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k103676

# Device Name: Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Controls

Indications For Use:

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.   
Fujirebio Diagnostics Tumor Marker Control is intended for use as an assayed control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the lot specific assigned values sheet.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 2 of _2_