K11919

# Phadia

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of The Safety Medical Devices Act of 1990 (SMDA 1990) and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Premarket Notification 510(k) No:

Date of Summary Preparation:

July 4, 2011

Distributor:

Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957

# Manufacturer:

Phadia AB   
Rapsgatan 7P   
SE-754 50 Uppsala, Sweden

# Company Contact Person:

Martin Mann   
Regulatory Affairs Manager Phadia US Inc.   
4165 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957

# Device Names:

ImmunoCAP Allergen f425, Allergen component rCor a 8, Hazel nut ImmunoCAP Allergen f428, Allergen component rCor a 1, PR-10, Hazel nut ImmunoCAP Allergen g205, Allergen component rPhl p 1, Timothy ImmunoCAP Allergen ${ \tt g } 2 0 6 $ , Allergen component rPhl p 2, Timothy ImmunoCAP Allergen $\mathbf { g } 2 0 9$ , Allergen component rPhl p 6, Timothy ImmunoCAP Allergen g210, Allergen component rPhl p 7, Timothy ImmunoCAP Allergen g212, Allergen component rPhl p 12, Profilin, Timothy ImmunoCAP Allergen g215, Allergen component rPhl p 5b, Timothy ImmunoCAP Allergen t215, Allergen component rBet v 1, PR-10, Birch ImmunoCAP Allergen t216, Allergen component rBet v 2, Profilin, Birch ImmunoCAP Allergen t220, Allergen component rBet v 4, Birch ImmunoCAP Allergen t225, Allergen component rBet v 6, Birch

# Common Name:

Automated in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE antibodies.

# Phadia

# Classification:

Product Name Product Code Class   
CFR   
ImmunoCAP Allergen Components   
DHB   
II   
866.5750

Substantial Equivalence to: ImmunoCAP Specific IgE (k051218) UniCAP 100 (k962274)

# Indications For Use Statement

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum or plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin). ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be used with instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, and Phadia 1000. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# Device Description

# Reagents

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE reagents are modular in concept and are available individually. For a complete listing of reagents needed to perform the Phadia ImmunoCAP Specific IgE assay, please consult the ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Conjugate Directions for Use.

# Instrument System

Phadia 100, Phadia 250 and Phadia 1000 instruments with built-in software process all steps of the assay and print results automatically after the assay is completed.

# ImmunoCAP Specific IgE, Test Principle

The allergen of interest, covalently coupled to ImmunoCAP, reacts with the specific IgE in the patient sample. After washing away non-specific IgE, enzyme labeled antibodies against IgE are added to form a complex. After incubation, unbound enzyme-anti-IgE is washed away and the bound complex is then incubated with a developing agent. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence of the eluate is measured. The higher the response value, the more specific IgE is present in the specimen. To evaluate the test results, the responses for the patient samples are transformed to concentrations with the use of a calibration curve.

# Phadia

# Performance characteristics

The new ImmunoCAP Allergen Components were compared with the extract based predicate devices with the use of clinical samples, as well as samples from healthy, nonatopic donors. The performance characteristics of the new ImmunoCAP Allergen Components were established through studies of Precision including Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility, Linearity and Limit of Detection. Inhibition studies verified the immunological specificity of the allergen components.

# Conclusion

The safety and effectiveness of the cleared device ImmunoCAP Specific IgE system for the determination of specific IgE antibodies have been established in previous 510(k) submissions. This submission covers the addition of 12 new ImmunoCAP Allergen Components to the existing ImmunoCAP Specific IgE assay. No changes are made to the Intended Use or in the Indications for Use statements.

Phadia US Inc. c/o Mr. Martin Mann Regulatory Affairs Manager 4169 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002

# DEC 2 2 2011

Re: k111919 Trade/Device Name: ImmunoCAP Allergen Components Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 7 5 0$ Regulation Name: Radioallergosorbent (RAST) immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DHB Dated: December 21, 2011 Received: December 22, 2011

Dear Mr. Mann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Mama in chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K///9/9

Device Name: ImmunoCAP Specific IgE

Indications For Use:

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum or plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin). ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be used with instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, and Phadia 1000. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

5 manaIn chan Divsion Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(K) 111919

Page 1 of