The Binding Site Group, Ltd. c/o Jill Constantine, Ph.D. 8 Calthorpe Road, Edgbaston Birmingham, West Midlands, B15 1QT UK

Re: k120056 Trade/Device Name: Freelite $\mathfrak { Q }$ Human Kappa Free Kit for use on the SPApLUs Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 5 5 0$ Regulation Name: Immunoglobulin (light chain specific) immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DFH Dated: March 26, 2013 Received: March 28, 2013

Dear Dr. Constantine:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

Page 2  Jill Constantine, Ph.D.

device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# MariaM. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k120056

Device Name: Freelite Human Kappa Kit for use on the SpaPLUS

Indications For Use:

This kit is intended for the quantitation of kappa free light chains in serum and urine on Binding Site SPApLus. Measurement of free light chains in serum aids in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma, lymphocytic neoplasms, Waldenström's macroglobulinaemia, AL amyloidosis, light chain deposition disease and connective tissue diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. Measurement of free light chains in urine aids in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma, lymphocytic neoplasms, Waldenström's macroglobulinaemia, AL amyloidosis and light chain deposition disease in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

(21 CFR 807 Subpart C)