KRONUS Market Development Associates Inc.   
C/O Ms. Tanis Jimenez   
Quality Control and Regulatory Compliance Manager 170 Seneca Springs Way, Suite 105   
Star, ID 83669

Re: k121046 Trade/Device Name: Steroid 21-Hydroxylase Antibody (21-OHAb) RIA Assay Kii Regulation Number: 21 CFR ยง 866.5660 Regulation Name: Multiple autoantibody immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PCG Dated: December 18, 2012 Received: December 19, 2012

Dear Ms. Jimenez:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amenidments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

Page 2 - Ms. Tanis Jimenez

device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http:/www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, Maria M. Chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k121046

Indications For Use:

The KRONUS 21-Hydroxylase Antibody (21-OHAb) RIA Assay Kit is for the semiquantitative determination of antibodies to steroid 21-hydroxylase (21-OH) in human serum. The KRONUS Steroid 21-OHAb RIA Assay may be useful as an aid in the diagnosis of autoimmune adrenal disease, whether expressed as autoimmune Addison's disease (isolated) or Addison's disease as part of the more complex autoimmune polyglandular syndrome (APS), type I or Il. The assay result is to be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings and is not a substitute for functional testing required to diagnose adrenal insufficiency.