<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter's NameAddressTelephone NumberFax NumberContact PersonDate:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veridex, LLC1001 US Highway 202Raritan, NJ 08869-0606908-927-4947908-526-5059Kimberly Prescott, Associate Director, Global Regulatory AffairsDecember 6, 2012</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name of the DeviceCommon or UsualNameClassification NamePerformance Standards</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® SystemAutomated Blood Cell Diluting ApparatusName: Immunomagnetic circulating cancer cell selection and enumerationsystemDevice Class: IIProduct Code: NQIRegulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6020There are no performance standards promulgated for this device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® System is a laboratory instrumentused with immunomagnetic reagents that capture and cnrich target cells,and labeling reagents that differentiate cells in whole blood.The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® may be used for cell identificationand enumeration. The system is for in vitro diagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identification of theLegally MarketedDevice(Predicate Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® SystemName: Immunomagnetic circulating cancer cell selcction and enumerationsystemDevice Class: IIProduct Code: NQIRegulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6020</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® System is a general purposelaboratory instrument used with immunomagnetic reagents that captureand enrich target cells, and labeling reagents that differentiate cells inwhole blood. The CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® System processesup to 8 samples in a batch, performing all required process steps,including red cell detection, plasma aspiration and final transfer to theanalysis cartridge. The user is prompted to perform various pre-processing operations such as dilution and centrifugation. Cellanalyzers such as the CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® may be usedfor cell identification and enumeration following processing.The CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® system uses a series ofimmunomagnetic separation procedures to isolate the cells of interestand to stain the cells with fluorescence-labeled monoclonal antibodies.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison to*Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® System (modified) issubstantially equivalent to the CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP®System (current - K110406, January 20, 2012). There has been nochange to intended use, fundamental scientific technology, mode ofoperations, or specimen type/identification.The only change from the predicate device and subject of this Special510(k) is a modification to the pipetting probe to reduce the potentialfor carryover, and a label change to thc CELLTRACKS®AUTOPREP® System labeling to change the caution about carryoverfrom circulating tumor cell (CTC) samples when containing 5,000CTCs or greater per 7.5mL of blood.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description of Testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-clinical testing for the CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP@ Systemfunctional testing included:New reagent probe versus current rcagent probe assayperformance equivalenceCTC (circulating tumor cell) spike level characterization of thenew probe (tumor cell carryover and control cell carryover)Run to Run carryover characterizationReliability/Life testing</td></tr></table>

The information presented in the premarket notification demonstrates thal the performance of the CELLTRACKS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ AUTOPREP $\circledast$ System (modified) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Equivalence was demonstrated through non-clinical functional testing for the modified device. The information presented in the premarket notification provides a reasonable assurance that the CELLTRACKS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ AUTOPREP $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System (modified) is as safe and effective as the predicate device for the stated intended use.

Veridex, LLC C/O Ms. Kimberly Prescott. 1001 US Highway 202 Raritan, NJ 08869-1424

Re: 510(k) Number: Trade/Device Name: Regulation Number: Regulation Name:

Regulatory Class:   
Product Code:   
Dated:   
Received:

Dear Ms. Prescott:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Offict of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Reena Philip -S

for

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K122821

Device Name: CELLTRACKS $\bigoplus$ AUTOPREP $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System

Indications for Use:

The CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® System is a laboratory instrument used with immunomagnetic reagents that capture and enrich target cells, and labeling reagents that differentiate cells in whole blood. The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II may be used for cell identification and enumeration. The system is for in vitro diagnostic use.