K122197

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of The Safety Medical Devices Act of 1990 (SMDA 1990) and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Premarket Notification 510(k) No:

Date of Summary Preparation:

July 6, 2012

Distributor:

Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957

# Manufacturer:

Phadia AB   
Rapsgatan 7P   
P.O. Box 6460   
751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

# Company Contact Person:

Martin Mann   
Regulatory Affairs Manager Phadia US Inc.   
4165 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957

# Device Names:

ImmunoCAP Allergen e101, Allergen Component rCan f 1, Dog • ImmunoCAP Allergen e102, Allergen Component rCan f 2, Dog . ImmunoCAP Allergen e221, Allergen component nCan f 3, Dog serum albumin . ImmunoCAP Allergen e226, Allergen component rCan f 5, Dog o ImmunoCAP Allergen f353, Allergen component rGly m 4 PR-10, Soy • ImmunoCAP Allergen f431, Allergen component nGly m 5 Beta-conglycinin, Soy • ImmunoCAP Allergen f432, Allergen component nGly m 6 Glycinin, Soy • ImmunoCAP Allergen t224, Allergen component rOle e 1, Olive ImmunoCAP Allergen t227, Allergen component nOle e 7 LTP, Olive ImmunoCAP Allergen t240, Allergen component rOle e 9, Olive

# Common Name:

Automated in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE antibodies.

Classification: Product Name Product Code Class   
CFR   
ImmunoCAP Allergen Components   
DHB   
II   
866.5750

Substantial Equivalence to: ImmunoCAP Specific IgE ImmunoCAP Allergens

(k051218) (k962274)

# Indications For Use Statement

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum or plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin). ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be used with instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# Device Description

# Reagents

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE reagents are modular in concept and are available individually. For a complete listing of reagents needed to perform the Phadia ImmunoCAP Specific IgE assay, please consult the ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Conjugate Directions for Use.

# Instrument System

Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instruments with associated software process all steps of the assay and calculate results automatically after the assay is completed.

# ImmunoCAP Specific IgE, Test Principle

The allergen of interest, covalently coupled to ImmunoCAP, reacts with the specific IgE in the patient sample. After washing away non-specific IgE, enzyme labeled antibodies against IgE are added to form a complex. After incubation, unbound enzyme-anti-IgE is washed away and the bound complex is then incubated with a developing agent. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence of the eluate is measured. The higher the response value, the more specific IgE is present in the specimen. To evaluate the test results, the responses for the patient samples are transformed to concentrations with the use of a calibration curve.

# Performance characteristics

The new ImmunoCAP Allergen Components were compared with the extract based predicate devices with the use of clinical samples, as well as samples from healthy, nonatopic donors. The performance characteristics of the new ImmunoCAP Allergen Components were established through studies of Precision including Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility, Linearity and Limit of Detection. Inhibition studies verified the analytical specificity of the allergen components.

# Conclusion

The safety and effectiveness of the cleared device ImmunoCAP Specific IgE system for the determination of specific IgE antibodies have been established in previous 510(k) submissions. This submission covers the addition of 10 new ImmunoCAP Allergen Components to the existing ImmunoCAP Specific IgE assay. The addition of the new ImmunoCAP Allergens does not affect the Intended Use / Indications for Use Statements.

THERMOFISHER SCIENTIFIC   
C/O MR. MARTIN R. MANN   
SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER   
IMMUNODIAGNOSTICS PHADIA US INC   
4169 COMMERCIAL AVE   
PORTAGE MI 49002

Re: K122197 Trade/Device Name: ImmunoCAP Allergen e101, Allergen Component rCan f 1, Dog ImmunoCAP Allergen e102, Allergen Component rCan f 2, Dog ImmunoCAP Allergen e221, Allergen Component nCan f 3, Dog serum albumin ImmunoCAP Allergen e226, Allergen Component rCan f 5, Dog ImmunoCAP Allergen f353, Allergen Component rGly m 4 PR10, Soy ImmunoCAP Allergen f431, Allergen Component nGly m 5 Betaconglycinin, Soy ImmunoCAP Allergen f432, Allergen Component nGly m 6 Glycinin, Soy ImmunoCAP Allergen t224, Allergen Component rOle e1, Olive ImmunoCAP Allergen t227, Allergen Component nOle e 7 LTP, Olive ImmunoCAP Allergen t240, Allergen Component rOle e9, Olive Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5750

Regulation Name: Radioallergosorbcnt (RAST) immunological test system   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: DHB   
Dated: August 13, 2013   
Received: August 20, 2013

Dear Mr. Mann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally markcted predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarkct approval application (PMA). You may, thercfore, market the device, subject to the gencral controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not cvaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can bc

Page 2—Mr. Martin R. Mann

found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial cquivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systcms (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-frce number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/dcfault.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarkel notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/McdicalDeviccs/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Interel address http://www.fda.gov/McdicalDcvices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Reena Philip -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Deviccs and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k122197

Device Name: ImmunoCAP Specific IgE

Indications For Use:

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum or plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin). ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be used with instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500, Phadia 5000. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories.