# K122722

# NOV 2 9 2012

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System

Purpose

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits ofial notiication as required by Section 50k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification [510(k)].

The purpose of this premarket notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay, Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set, and PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set.

# Device name

Proprietary name:(1) cobas c Tina-uant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay (2) Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set (3) PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set

Common name: (1) TQ Lp(a) Gen.2 (2) Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set (3) PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set

Classification: (1) Low-Density Lipoprotein Immunological Test System Calibrator, secondary (3) Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed)

# Establishment registration

For the cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay, Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set, and PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set, the establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany is 9610126. The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics United States is 1823260.

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

# Classification

The FDA has classified the Low-Density Lipoprotein Immunological Test System (TQ Lp(a) Gen.2) and the calibrator (Preciset Lp(a)) as Class II devices.

The FDA has classified the single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed) (PreciControl Lp(a)) as a Class 1 (reserved) device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DFC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low-Density LipoproteinImmunological Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR866.5600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIT  .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, secondary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR862.1150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single (specified) analyte controls(assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR862.1660</td></tr></table>

# Performance standards

To date, no performance standards that affect this device have been finalized under Section 514 of the Act.

Proposed lbeling

Draft labeling sufficient to describe the device, its intended use, and the directions for use on the cobas e 501 analyzer is attached. We believe the draft version of the device labeling presented in Section 8 contains all of the technical information required per 21 CFR 809.10 for the cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 test system.

Page 2 of 10

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Device description

The TQ Lp(a) Gen.2 test principle is a particle-enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. Human lipoprotein (a) agglutinates with latex particles coated with anti-Lp(a) antibodies. The precipitate is determined turbidimetrically.

The Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set consists of five lyophilized calibrators based on a stabilized and lyophilized pool of human plasma. The concentrations of the calibrator components have been adjusted to ensure optimal calibration of the appropriate Roche methods on clinical chemistry analyzers.

The PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set contains two lyophilized controls based on a human plasma matrix.

Intended   
use/indications   
for use

cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay:

The cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay is an in vitro test intended for the quantitative determination of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] in human serum and plasma the Roche/Hitachi cobas e 501 analyzer. The measurement of Lp(a) is useful in evaluation of lipid metabolism disorders and assessing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in specific populations, when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other lipoprotein tests.

Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set:   
The Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set is intended for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as   
specified in the value sheets. PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set:   
The PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set is intended for use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as   
specified in the value sheets.

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Substantial equivalence

The cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States.

(1) cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay is equivalent to Lp(a)- Latex SElKEN assay, Denka Seiken Co., Ltd. (k013359).

()Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set is equivalent to the Diazyme Lp(a) calibrator set, General Atomics (k082488).

(3) PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set is equivalent to the Diazyme Lp(a) control set, General Atomics (k082488).

Substantial equivalence - comparison

The following tables compare the cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay, Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set, and PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set with their respective predicate devices.

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2. Test System, Continued

Comparison of assays - similarities and differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lp(a)-Latex Seiken assay(predicate device: k013359)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TQ Lp(a) Gen.2 assay(candidate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Lp(a)-Latex Seiken Assaykit is an in vitro diagnostic testfor the quantitativedetermination of lipoprotein(a)[Lp(a)] in huma serum andplasma samples using Hitachi917 analyzer. The measurementof Lp(a) is useful in evaluatinglipid metabolism disorders andassessing atheroscleroticcardiovascular disease in specificpopulations, when used inconjunction with clinicalevaluation and other lipoproteintests.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The cobas c Tina-quantLipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay isan in vitro test intended for thequantitative determination oflipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] inhuman serum and plasma theRoche/Hitachi cobas e 501analyzer. The measurement ofLp(a) is useful in evaluation oflipid metabolism disorders andassessing atheroscleroticcardiovascular disease inspecific populations, whenused in conjunction withclinical evaluation and otherlipoprotein tests.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>immunoturbidimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and Na2-EDTA,K-EDTA, Na-heparin, Li-Heparin, and Citric acid plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and K2-EDTA,K3-EDTA, and Li-Heparin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche/Hitachi 917 analzyer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas c 501 analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lp(a)-Latex Seiken Assay KitCalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibratorset</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationFrequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After reagent lot change and asrequired following qualitycontrol procedures.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrationmode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six point; spline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>commercially available controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Lp(a) control set(2 levels)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent activeingredients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: glycine buffer solutionR2: latex particles with anti-Lp(a) antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: glycine buffer solutionR3: latex particles with anti-Lp(a) antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Comparison of assays - similarities and differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature     .i$5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lp(a)-Latex Seiken assay(predicate device: k013359)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TQ Lp(a) Gen.2 assay(candidate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-10°C until expiration dateOn-board in use:N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-8°C until expiration dateOn-board in use:6 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuringrange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 80.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 - 80.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowerLimits ofMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDL: 2.0 mg/dLLoB, LoD, and LoQ not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDL: not testedLoB: 3 mg/dLLoD: 4 mg/dLLoQ: 6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No hook effect up to 190mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff point: 30 mg/dLReference ranges have not beenestablished for this assay fordifferent ethnic populations ordisease states. Since Lp(a)levels are largely influenced byhereditary factors and vary withethnic populations, it isrecommended that eachlaboratory establish its ownexpected values.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

(continued)

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Comparison of assays - similarities and differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Lp(a)-Latex Seiken assay(predicate device: k013359)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>TQ Lp(a) Gen.2 assay(candidate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Within-run precision:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Repeatability = Within-runprecision:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.438</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.3mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.7mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.5mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=5>Between-run precision:</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.4mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Intermediate Precision = Totalprecision/Between-runprecision</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.7mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.12%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.3mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.5mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.5mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.3mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.4mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr></table>

(continued)

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Comparison of assays similarities and differences   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Lp(a)-Latex Seiken assay (predicate device: k013359)</td><td>TQ Lp(a) Gen.2 assay (candidate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7">Interferences and cross reactivity</td><td>Icterus (conjugated and unconjugated bilirubin): no significant interference up to 30 mg/dL</td><td>Icterus (conjugated and unconjugated bilirubin): no significant interference up to an I index of 60 (approximately 60 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td>Hemolysis: no significant interference up to 500 mg/dL</td><td>Hemolysis: no significant interference up to an H index of 1000 (approximately 1000 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides: no significant interference up to 1500 mg/dL</td><td>Lipemia: no significant interference up to an L index of 2000</td></tr><tr><td>Plasminogen: no significant interference up</td><td>Plasminogen: no significant cross</td></tr><tr><td>to 200 mg/dL Apolipoprotein B: no significant interference up</td><td>reactivity up to 150 mg/dL Apolipoprotein B: no significant cross</td></tr><tr><td>to 200 mg/dL</td><td>reactivity up to 200 mg/dL Rheumatoid Factor:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>no significant interference up to 1200 IU/mL Drugs: No interference was found at</td></tr></table>

(continued)

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Comparison of calibrators - similarities and differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Calibrator Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) calibrator(predicate device: k082488)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2calibrator set(candidate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendeduse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Diazyme Lp(a)calibrator set is intended foruse in establishing thecalibration curve for theDiazyme Lp(a) reagents byturbidimetry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2calibrator set is intended for usein the calibration ofquantitative Roche methods onRoche clinical chemistryanalyzers as specified in thevalue sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipoprotein (a)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format &amp;matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Consists of 5 lyophilizedhuman serum calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Consists of 5 lyophilizedhuman plasma calibrators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

Comparison of controlssimilarities and differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Control Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Lp(a) control set(predicate device: k082488)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2control set(candidate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendeduse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Diazyme control set isintended for use inmonitoring the qualitycontrol of results obtainedwith the Diazyme Lp(a)reagents by turbidimetry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2control set is intended for usein quality control bymonitoring accuracy andprecision for the quantitativemethods as specified in thevalue sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipoprotein (a)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format &amp;matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Consists of 2 lyophilizedhuman serum controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Consists of 2 lyophilizedhuman plasma controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

# Section 4 - 510(k) Summary: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System, Continued

Evaluations summary

(1) The cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay was evaluated for several performance characteristics, including precision, LoB, LoD, LoQ, high dose hook effect, cross reactivity, method comparison, interfering substances, anticoagulants, linearity, reagent on-board stability, and reagent shelf life stability.

The Preciset Lp(a) calibrator set was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

(3) The PreciControl Lp(a) control set was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

A summary of the evaluation studies is provided in Section 5-Analytical Performance Characteristics.

# Confidentiality

Roche Diagnostics requests that the FDA not disclose the nature or existence of the premarket notification until the substantial equivalence decision has been reached.

# Closing

We trust that the information provided in this Premarket Notification [5 10(k)] will support a determination of substantial equivalence for the cobas c Tinaquant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 test system.

If you should have questions or required further information, please do not hesitate to contact this office.

Lisa K. Klinedinst   
Roche Diagnostics   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
Phone: 317-521-1942   
Fax: 317-521-2324

Date prepared: November 28, 2012

Roche Diagnostics c/o Lisa K. Klinedinst 9115 Hague Road, Building A Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Re: k122722 Trade/Device Name: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5600 Regulation Name: Low Density Lipoprotein Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DFC, JIT, JJX Dated: August 31, 2012 Received: September 5, 2012

Dear Ms. Klinedinst:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson

for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122722

Device Name: cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 Test System Preciset Lp(a) Gen.2 calibrator set PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set

Indications for Use:

The cobas c Tina-quant Lipoprotein (a) Gen.2 assay is an in vitro test intended for the quantitative determination of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] in human serum and plasma on the Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems. The measurement of Lp(a) is useful in evaluation of lipid metabolism disorders and assessing atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in specific populations, when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other lipoprotein tests. !

The Preciset Lp(a) calibrator set is intended for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

The PreciControl Lp(a) Gen.2 control set is intended for use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheets.