# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for the ADVIA® Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) Assay

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: K123046   
BDate of Preparation: 09/25/2012

C. Proprietary and Established Names: ADVIA@ Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) (LPA) Assay ADVIA® Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) Calibrator

D. Applicant   
Contact: Neil Parker Regulatory Affairs   
Address: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc 511 Benedict Ave, Tarrytown, NY 10591   
Phone: (914) 524-2477

E.Regulatory Information: Reagent

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR §866.5600, LOW DENSITY LIPOROTEIN IMMUNOLOGICAL TEST SYSTEM

2Classification: Class I

3. Product Code: DFC

4. Panel: Immunology

# Calibrator

1.Regulation section: 21 CFR §862.1150, Calibrator, secondary

.Classification: Class II

3.Product Code: JIT

4. Panel:

Clinical Chemistry

# F. Predicate Device: Reagent

Device Name: Randox Lipoprotein (a) assay

Common Name: Randox Lipoprotein (a) assay

3. 510(k) Number: k011568

4. Manufacturer: Randox Laboratories, Ltd. Uk.

# Calibrator

Device Name: Randox Lipoprotein(a) Calibrator Series

2Common Name: Randox Lipoprotein(a) Calibrator Series

3.510(k) Number: k011568

4.Manufacturer:Randox Laboratories, Ltd. UK.

# G. Intended Use:

The ADVIA® Chemistry Lipoprotein (a) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) in human serum or plasma on the ADVIA Chemistry systems. Measurement of Lp(a) may aid in the diagnosis of disorders of lipid (fat) metabolism and assessing persons at risk for cardiovascular diseases when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other lipoprotein tests.

The ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein (a) calibrator is for in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of ADVIA $\otimes$ Chemistry systems for the ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) (LPA) assay.

# H.Device Description:

The Lipoprotein(a) reagents are ready-to-use liquid reagents packaged for use on the automated ADVIA 1650 Chemistry system. They are supplied as a 100 tests/wedge, 2 wedges/kit. ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) calibrator is a single analyte, human serum based product containing human lipoprotein (a). The kit consists of 1 vial each of 5 calibrator levels which are lyophilized. The target concentrations of these calibrators are

7.5, 15, 30, 65, and 95 mg/dL. The volume per vial (after reconstitution with deionized water) is $1 . 0 m L$ . Deionized water is recommended to be used as a zero calibrator.

# I. Test Principle:

In the ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) assay, sample is diluted and then mixed with the R1 reagent (a buffer), followed by an addition of the R2 reagent (which contains latex particles coated with antibodies specific for Lipoprotein (a). The formation of the antibody-antigen complex during the reaction results in an increase in turbidity. This turbidity is measured at 694 nm. By constructing a standard curve from the absorbance o standards, Lipoprotein (a) concentration of a sample can be determined. Increasing Lipoprotein ) results in increasing turiity.

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

Reagent   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:ADVIA 1650 ChemistryLipoprotein(a)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Randox Lipoprotein(a) assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lipoprotein (a)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">is for in vitro diagnostic use inthe quantitative measurementof lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) inhuman serum or plasma onthe ADVIA Chemistrysystems. Measurement ofLp(a) may aid in the diagnosisof disorders of lipid (fat)metabolism and assessingpersons at risk forcardiovascular diseases whenused in conjunction withclinical evaluation and otherlipoprotein tests.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same - Immunoturbidimetricassay for the quantitative invitro determination ofLipoprotein(a) in humanserum or plasma.This product is suitable foruse on the Hitachi 717analyser.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumLithium Heparin Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumLithium Heparin, Sodium EDTAplasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use of Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical measuringinterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00 mg/dL- 85.00 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-90 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">latex-particle-enhanced immuno-tubidimetric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">latex-particle-enhanced immuno-tubidimetric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I- </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1 and R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1 and R2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument to be used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA 1650 Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hitachi 717 Analyzer</td></tr></table>

# Calibrator

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a)calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Randox Lipoprotein(a)Calibrator Series</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thecalibration of ADVIA® Chemistrysystems for the ADVIA ChemistryLipoprotein(a) (LPA) assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same - For use in thecalibration of Lipoprotein(a)assays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analytes(value assigned)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lipoprotein (a)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Derived from human source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six (the lowest level is a zero-level, not included)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mL each vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 months at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Reference

Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition (CLSI EP07-A2)   
Proolsr eteration LimtDetection n Limituantitatn; Approved Guideline (CLSI EP17-A)   
Evaluation  Precision Perormance Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline-Second Edition (CLSI EP05-A2)

# L. Performance Characteristics

All studies were performed using the ADVIA 1650 Chemistry System.

Substantial equivalence was demonstrated by testing several performance characteristics including imprecision,method comparison, interfering substances and analytical range.Allof the evaluation studies gave acceptable results when compared te preica eviche sudport hat he ADVIA $\textcircled{8}$ Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# I. Precision

Within run and Total Precision were established by assaying serum sample pools and serum based controls. Each sample was assayed 2 replicates per run, 2 runs per day, for at least 20 days. Precision estimates were computed according to CLSI document EP05-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Rep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr></table>

# II. Linearity/assay reportable range

A linearity study across the entire measuring range was assessed using nine diluted samples prepared from high and low serum pools by dilution. All samples were tested on the ADVIA Chemistry analyzer. The range of samples tested was from 7.75 -102.30 mg/dL. The observed values were compared to the expected values. Linear/measuring range of the assay is 10 to 85.0 mg/dL. The low end of the assay range is calculated based on the Limit of Quantitation. The high end of the assay range is based on the linearity calculation.

# III. Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection, Limit of Quantitation

The estimations of the Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were performed according to CLSI guideline EP17-A, Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation, by running 160 replicates of "zero" serum pool and several serum pools with Lipoprotein (a) concentration up to $4 \times 1 0 0$ level. Data $( \mathsf { L o B } = 5 . 3 5$ mg/dL, $\mathsf { L o D } = 8 . 9 0 \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ and LoQ $\mathbf { \lambda } = 9 . 0 2 \ : \mathsf { m g / d L } )$ support the following claims $\mathsf { L o B } = 6 . 0 \ \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$ $\mathsf { L o D } = 9 . 0 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$ and LoQ $= 1 0 . 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# IVMethod and matrix comparison with predicate device

The performance of the ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) assay (y) for serum samples was compared with the performance of Randox Lipoprotein(a) assay on the Hitachi 717 $( x )$ sixty-eight serum samples were tested. The sample results ranged from 11.00 - 81.60 mg/dL lipoprotein (a) $( x )$ , and gave a correlation coefficient of 0.99. The results calculated using least squares linear egressin $1 ^ { \mathfrak { s t } }$ replicate) are as follows:

ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein $( \mathsf { a } ) = 1 . 0 1$ (predicate device) - 1.02 mg/dL   
Slope $9 5 \% 0$ : 1.00 - 1.02   
Intercept $9 5 \%$ CI: -1.47 - -0.57

# V. Matrix comparison with predicate device

The performance of the ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) assay (y) for plasma samples on ADVIA Chemistry was compared with the performance of Randox Lipoprotein(a) assay on the Hitachi 717 $( { \pmb x } )$ . Forty-four plasma samples were tested; the sample results ranged from 12.0 - 80.1 mg/dL Lipoprotein(a) $( { \pmb x } )$ , and gave a correlation coefficient of 0.9. The results calculated using linear regression $1 ^ { \mathfrak { s t } }$ replicate) are as follows:

ADVIA Chemistry 1650 Lipoprotein(a) $= 1 . 0 1$ (predicate device) - 0.98 mg/dL   
Slope $9 5 \% 0$ : 0.99 - 1.02   
Intercept $9 5 \%$ CI: -1.49 - -0.47

# VI. Analytical specificity

Interferences from icterus, lipemia and hemolysis were evaluated in the ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein (a) assay using a significance criterion $> 1 0 \%$ variance from the control. No significant interference was found at unconjugated bilirubin levels from 0-60 mg/dL in 14, 28, and 47 mg/dL lipoprotein (a) samples. No significant interference was found at conjugated bilirubin levels from 0-60 mg/dL in 14, 28, and 46 mg/dL lipoprotein (a) samples. No significant lipemia interference was found at Intralipid levels from 0- 1000 mg/dL in 13, 26, and $4 4 m g / d L$ lipoprotein () samples. No significant hemoglobin interference was found at hemoglobin levels from 0-1000 mg/dL in 18, 31, and 46 mg/dL lipoprotein (a) samples.

VII. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# VIII. Clinical cut-off

Not applicable

# L. Conclusion

The ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) assay is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Randox Lipoprotein(a) Assay (k011568).

The ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) calibrator is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Randox Lipoprotein(a) Calibrator Series (k011568).

# December 20, 2012

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Neil Parker   
511 Benedict Ave.   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: k123046 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) Assay ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5600 Regulation Name: Low Density Lipoprotein Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DFC, JIT Dated: September 25, 2012 Received: September 28, 2012

Dear Mr. Parker:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123046

Device Name:

# ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) Assay ADVIA® Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) Calibrator

Indications for Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) in human serum or plasma on the ADVIA Chemistry systems. Measurement of Lp(a) may aid in the diagnosis of disorders of lipid (fat) metabolism and assessing persons at risk for cardiovascular diseases when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other lipoprotein tests.

The ADVIA $\mathfrak { Q }$ Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) calibrators is intended for use in the calibration of ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry systems for the ADVIA Chemistry Lipoprotein(a) (LPA) assay.