# K123785

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Submitter's name:

Diazyme Laboratories

Submitter's address:

12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

Name of Contact Person:

Dr. Abhijit Datta Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 Phone: 858-455-4762 Fax: 858-455-3701

# Date the Summary was Prepared:

June 4, 2013

Name of the Device

Diazyme Myoglobin Assay Diazyme Myoglobin Calibrator Set Diazyme Myoglobin Control Set

Trade Name:

Diazyme Myoglobin Assay Diazyme Myoglobin Calibrator Set Diazyme Myoglobin Control Set

# Common/Usual Name

Diazyme Myoglobin Assay

Device Classification Name

Myoglobin Test System

Product code:

DDR (Myoglobin, Antigen, Antiserum, Control)   
JIT - Calibrator, Secondary   
JJX - Single (specified) Analyte Controls   
(Assayed and Unassayed)

# Panel:

Immunology (82)

Submission Type

510k

Regulation Number

21CFR 866.5680

Device Class

Class II

# Predicate Device:

Roche Tina-Quant Myoglobin Gen. 2 Test System and C.f.a.s. (Calibrators for automated systems) Myoglobin (K061683)   
Myoglobin Control Set (K973358)

# Manufacturing Address

Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

Establishment Registration

2032900

# DESCRIPTION OF THE DEVICE

# Clinical Significance

Myoglobin is a ${ \sim } 1 7 \mathbf { k } \mathbf { D } \mathbf { a }$ oxygen-binding protein whose concentration is elevated in response to a muscle injury. Characterized by $\mathbf { x }$ -ray crystallography in the 1950s, myoglobin has developed into an important marker for the diagnosis of a recent cardiac event. After a cardiac event or muscle injury occurs, its concentration rises and can be detected in vitro approximately 2 hours after the onset of symptoms and its measurement aids in the diagnosis of ST segment elevated myocardial infarction, which can ultimately lead to cardiac arrest. High concentrations of myoglobin also indicate extensive muscle damage (rhabodmyolysis) and can cause renal failure as high levels of the marker are toxic to the kidneys. The rapid increase in the concentration of myoglobin after muscular trauma makes it an important diagnostic indicator of cardiac stress and muscle damage, and provides early detection of necrosis in cardiac and skeletal muscle.

# Assay Principle

The Diazyme Myoglobin Assay is based on a latex enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. When an antigen-antibody reaction occurs between myoglobin in a sample and anti-myoglobin antibodies which have been sensitized to latex particles, agglutination occurs. This agglutination is detected as an absorbance change $( 5 7 0 \ \mathrm { \ m m } )$ , with the magnitude of the change being proportional to the quantity of myoglobin in the sample. The actual concentration is then determined by the interpolation from a calibration curve prepared from calibrators of known concentration.

# Indications for Use:

The Diazyme Myoglobin Assay is for the quantitative determination of myoglobin in human serum and plasma. Measurement of myoglobin is used as an aid in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Myoglobin Calibrator Set is intended for use in the calibration of the Diazyme Myoglobin Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Myoglobin Control Set is intended for use as quality controls for the Diazyme Myoglobin Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

Table 1 Summary of Assay Kit Components   

<table><tr><td>Roche Tina-Quant Myoglobin Gen. 2, C.f.a.s. Myoglobin (k061683), and Myoglobin Control Set (k973358)</td><td>Diazyme Myoglobin Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent 1 buffer solution, ready to use</td><td>Reagent 1 100 mM Tris buffer solution with 0.09% sodium azide, ready to use.</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent 2 Suspension of anti-human myoglobin coated latex particles, ready to use</td><td>Reagent 2 Suspension of latex particles (&lt; 0.5%) coated with goat anti-human myoglobin with 0.09% sodium azide, ready to use.</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrators Ready to use liquid calibrators</td><td>Calibrators Liquid stable calibrators prepared from human serum, purified human myoglobin, and 0.09%</td></tr><tr><td>containing myoglobin Calibrator set</td><td>sodium azide. Calibrator set</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 1 1 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 2</td></tr><tr><td>3 x 1.0 mL One-Level Calibrator</td><td>1 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 3 1 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 4 1 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 5</td></tr><tr><td>Control Set serum based</td><td>Control Set serum based</td></tr><tr><td>1 x 3.0mL Control 1 1 x 3.0mL Control 2</td><td>1 x 1.0mL Control 1 1 x 1.0mL Control 2</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE TESTING SUMMARIES

# Method Comparison

Human plasma samples were tested with the Diazyme Myoglobin Assay and the obtained results were compared to the predicate method. A total of 66 samples (ranging from 16.9 to 615.9 $\mathfrak { n g / \mathrm { m L } }$ of myoglobin) were tested in both assays. The above described accuracy study showed that the Diazyme Myoglobin Assay results correlated well with predicate method with a correlation coefficient of $\mathrm { \ddot { R } } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 8 5 5$ with a slope of 0.9526 and -4.2228 y-intercept.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9526</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.2228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation R2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9855</td></tr></table>

Precision

The precision of the Diazyme Myoglobin Assay was evaluated according to Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP5-A guideline. In the study, three levels of serum based controls containing approximately 66, 170, and $3 3 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ of myoglobin, respectively, and three serum sample containing approximately 35, 150, and $4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , of myoglobin, respectively, were tested with 2 runs per day in duplicates over 20 working days. Results were calculated using the EP Evaluator software precision statistic template and summarized in the following table:

Within-Run Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.71%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.87%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.54%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80%</td></tr></table>

Total Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: For the three levels of myoglobin control and three levels of serum specimens, 20- day reproducibility data showed that the within-run precision was from $2 . 3 7 \%$ to $4 . 8 0 \%$ and total precision was from $3 . 5 8 \%$ to $5 . 3 \%$ These results meet the acceptance criteria.

# Linearity

A linearity set was prepared by mixing a low serum based sample of myoglobin containing 11 $\mathfrak { n } _ { \mathrm { E } } / \mathrm { m L }$ and a high serum based sample of myoglobin containing $6 2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , according to CLSI EP6-A. The assay was linear from 13.2 to $6 1 5 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# Interference

The following substances normally present in the blood produced less than $10 \%$ deviation when tested at levels equal to the concentrations listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.04 mM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.78 mM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13 mM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na2-Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1549 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2425 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciclosporin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4 mM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>701 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.1 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>650 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic Acid, Sodium Salt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 mM</td></tr></table>

The ss has oli inteblw $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Specimens from patients undergoin Intralipid therapy may have interference with the Myoglobin Assay.

June 7, 2013

Diazyme Laboratories C/O Abhijit Datta, Ph.D. 12889 Gregg Court POWAY CA 92064

Re: K123785 Trade/Device Name: Diazyme Myoglobin Assay Diazyme Myoglobin Calibrator Set Diazyme Myoglobin Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5680 Regulation Name: Myoglobin immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DDR, JIT, JJX Dated: April 26, 2013 Received: April 30, 2013

Dear Dr. Datta:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of -devices,-good-manufacturing-practice,labeling,and.prohibitions.against.misbranding.and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm! 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph. D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k123785

Device Name: Diazyme Myoglobin Assay, Diazyme Myoglobin Calibrator Set, Diazyme Myoglobin Control Set

Indications for Use:

The Diazyme Myoglobin Assay is for the quantitative determination of myoglobin in human serum and plasma. Measurement of myoglobin is used as an aid in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction. For in vitro diagnostic useny.

The Diazyme Myoglobin Calibrator Set is intended for use in the calibration of the Diazyme Myoglobin Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Myoglobin Control Set is intended for use as quality controls for the Diazyme Myoglobin Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only..

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

# Ruth A. Chesler -S