# 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of The Safety Medical Devices Act of 1990 (SMDA 1990) and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Premarket Notification 510(k) No:

# Date of Summary Preparation:

Distributor:

Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957

# Manufacturer:

Phadia AB   
Rapsgatan 7P   
P.O. Box 6460   
751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

# Company Contact Person:

Martin Mann   
Regulatory Affairs Manager Phadia US Inc.   
4165 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957,

# Device Name:

ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common wasp venom (Yellow jacket) (Art.No. 14-4525-01) ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper wasp venom (Art.No. 14-4526-01)

# Common Name:

Autaed nvi quantiativ ss r hemeasurement lergen pe g nts.

Classification: Product Name Product Code Class   
CFR   
ImmunoCAP Allergen   
DHB   
II   
866.5750

# Substantial Equivalence to:

ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common wasp venom (Yellow jacket) (Art.No. 14-4144-01) (K962274, K051218) ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper wasp venom (Art. No. 14-4222-01) (K962274, K051218)

# Indications For Use Statement

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum or plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin). ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be used with instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# Device Description Reagents

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE reagents are modular in concept and are available individually. For a complete listing of reagents needed to perform he Phadia ImmunoCAP Specific IgE assay, please consult the ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Conjugate Directions for Use.

# Instrument System

Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instruments with built-in software process all steps of the assay and print results automatically after the assay is completed.

# ImmunoCAP Specific IgE, Test Principle

The allergen of interest, covalently coupled to ImmunoCAP, reacts with the specific IgE in the patient sample. After washing away non-specific IgE, enzyme labeled antibodies against IgE are added to form a complex. After incubation, unbound enzyme-anti-IgE is washed away and the bound complex is then incubated with a developing agent. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence of the eluate is measured. The higher the response value, the more specific IgE is present in the specimen. To evaluate the test results, the responses for the patient samples are transformed to concentrations with the use of a calibration curve.

# Performance characteristics

The updated ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common wasp venom (Yellow jacket) and ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper wasp venom were verified in comparison studies to the currently cleared ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common wasp venom (Yellow jacket) and ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper wasp venom. Positive samples, clinical samples from atopic donors, as well as samples from healthy, non-atopic donors were used in the study. The performance characteristics of the updated ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common wasp venom (Yellow jacket) and ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper wasp venom were established through studies of Precision, including Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility, Linearity and Limit of Detection. Inhibition studies verified the immunological specificity of the allergens.

# Conclusion

The safety and effectiveness of the cleared ImmunoCAP Specific IgE system, intended for the determination of specific IgE antibodies, have been established in previous 510(k) submissions. The update of ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common wasp venom (Yellow jacket) and ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper wasp venom does not affect the Intended Use or the Indications for Use statements. The data included in this 510(k) submission demonstrate that the updated ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common wasp venom (Yellow jacket) and ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper wasp venom are substantially equivalent to the currently cleared products.

THERMOFISHER SCIENTIFIC   
C/O MR. MARTY R. MANN   
SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER IMMUNODIAGNOSTICS PHADIA US INC. 4169 COMMERCIAL AVE   
PORTAGE MI 49002

Re: k123275 Trade/Device Name: ImmunoCAP Allergen i3, Common Wasp Venom (yellow jacket) and ImmunoCAP Allergen i4, Paper Wasp Venom Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5750 Regulation Name: Radioallergosorbent (RAST) immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DHB Dated: June 6, 2013 Received: June 7, 2013

Dear Mr. Mann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Acl. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class II1 (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination docs not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administcred by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (rcporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, thc

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labcling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), pleasc contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internct address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to •.   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevicecs/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilitics under the Act from thc Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internct address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _k123275

Device Name:ImmunoCAP Specific IaE

Indications For Use:

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum or plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin). ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be used with instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

Maria M. Chan -S