# K130053

# BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG 510(k) Summary

Bio-Rad Laboratories hereby submits this 510(k) in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information provides detail as a basis for a determination of substantial equivalence for the BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG kits.

510(k) Number: K130053

Summary Preparation Date: August 14, 2013

Applicant: Bio-Rad Laboratories

Contact:   
Juang Wang   
Regulatory Affairs Representative

Purpose for Submission: New Device

Measurand: IgA and IgG antibodies to tissue Transglutaminase (tTG) IgA and IgG antibodies to deamidated gliadin peptide (DGP)

Type of Test: Semi-Quantitative multiplexed flow, bead-based immunoassay

Proprietary and Established Names: BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA kit BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG kit BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA Calibrator Set BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA Control Set BioPlex® 220 Celiac IgG Calibator Set BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG Control Set

Regulatory Information:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Autoantibodies,endomysial(tissuetransglutaminase)(MVM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 866.5660,Multiple autoantibodiesimmunological test system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology (82)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibodies, Gliadin(MST)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 866.5750,Radioallergosorbent(RAST) immunological testsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology (82)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, Multi-AnalyteMixture(JIX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.1150 -Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Analyte ControlsAll kinds(assayed)(JJY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.1660 Quality Control Material(Assayed and Unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use:

1. Intended use(s): BioPlex®2200 Celiac IgA Kit

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA kit is an in vitro multiplex flow immunoassay intended for the semi-quantitative detection of IgA autoantibodies to deamidated gliadin peptide (DGP) and tissue Transglutaminase (tTG) in human serum. In conjunction with clinical findings and other diagnostic tests, the test system is used as an aid in the diagnosis of Celiac Disease (gluten-sensitive enteropathy).

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA kit is intended for use with the Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200 System.

# BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG Kit

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG kit is an in vitro multiplex flow immunoassay intended for the semi-quantitative detection of IgG autoantibodies to deamidated gliadin peptide (DGP) and tissue Transglutaminase (tTG) in human serum. In conjunction with clinical findings and other diagnostic tests, the test system is used as an aid in the diagnosis of Celiac Disease (gluten-sensitive enteropathy).

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG kit is intended for use with the Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200 System.

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA Calibrator Set

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA Calibrator Set is intended for the calibration of the BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA Reagent Pack.

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG Calibrator Set

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG Calibrator Set is intended for the calibration of the BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG Reagent Pack.

# BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA Control Set

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA Control Set is intended for use as an assayed quality control to monitor the overall performance of the BioPlex 2200 Instrument and BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA Reagent Pack in the clinical laboratory. The performance of the BioPlex Celiac IgA Control Set has not been established with any other antitissue Transglutaminase (tTG) and anti-Deamidated Gliadin Peptide IgA assays.

# BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG Control Set

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG Control Set is intended for use as an assayed quality control to monitor the overall performance of the BioPlex 2200 Instrument and BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG Reagent Pack in the clinical laboratory. The performance of the BioPlex Celiac IgG Control Set has not been established with any other antitissue Transglutaminase (tTG) and anti-Deamidated Gliadin Peptide IgG assays.

2. Indication(s) for use: Same as Intended Use

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): For prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements: Bio-Rad BioPlex® 2200 System

# Device Description:

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA and $\mathrm { I g G }$ kits include the following components:

One (1) $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ vial of Bead Set, containing dyed beads coated with recombinant antigens; an Internal Standard bead (ISB), a Serum Verification bead (SVB) and IgA Verification Bead (AVB) (in Celiac IgA only), in MOPS (3-[N-Morpholino] propanesulfonic acid) buffer supplemented with Glycerol and protein stabilizer (bovine and porcine). ProClin 300 $( \leq 0 . 3 \% )$ , sodium benzoate $( \leq 0 . 1 \% )$ and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ are added as preservatives.

One (1) $5 \mathrm { m L }$ vial of Conjugate, containing phycoerythrin conjugated murine monoclonal anti-human IgA or $\mathbf { I g } \mathbf { G }$ and phycoerythrin conjugated sheep anti-human FXII in MOPS (3-[N-Morpholino] propanesulfonic acid) buffer supplemented with bovine protein stabilizers. ProClin 300 $( \leq 0 . 3 \% )$ , sodium benzoate $( \leq 0 . 1 \% )$ and sodium azide $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ are added as preservatives.   
One (1) $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ vial of Sample Diluent, containing bovine and murine protein stabilizers in triethanolamine buffer. ProClin 300 $( \leq 0 . 3 \% )$ , sodium benzoate (≤ $0 . 1 \% )$ and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ are added as preservatives.

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA and $\mathsf { I g G }$ Calibrator Sets contain nine (9) $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ vials of human antibodies to tTG and DGP in a buffer supplemented with protein stabilizer (porcine for IgA and porcine/human for IgG) with ProClin 300 $( \leq 0 . 3 \% )$ , sodium benzoate $( \leq 0 . 1 \% )$ EP and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ as preservatives.

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA and $\mathrm { I g G }$ Control Sets contain four (4) $1 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ vials of Positive Controls of human antibodies to tTG or DGP and two vials of Negative Controls in a human serum matrix made from defibrinated plasma; and, in a human serum matrix made from defibrinated plasma with ProClin 300 $( \leq 0 . 3 \% )$ , sodium benzoate $( \leq 0 . 1 \% )$ and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ as preservatives.

Additional materials required but not supplied include BioPlex 2200 Sheath Fluid containing Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS) with ProClin 300 $( \leq 0 . 0 3 \% )$ , and sodium azide $\left( < 0 . 1 \% \right)$ as preservatives; and BioPlex 2200 Wash Solution containing Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS) and Tween 20 with ProClin 300 $( \leq 0 . 0 3 \% )$ and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ as preservatives.

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): INOVA QUANTA Lite h-tTG IgA INOVA QUANTA Lite h-tTG IgG INOVA QUANTA Lite Gliadin lgA II INOVA QUANTA Lite Gliadin IgG II

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K011566, K011570, K052143, K052142

# 3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA andIgG Kits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:INOVA QUANTALite h-tTG IgA andIgG Kits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:INOVA QUANTA LiteGliadin IgA Il and IgGII Kits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative detection ofIgA and IgG autoantibodies todeamidated gliadin peptide(DGP) and tissueTransglutaminase (tTG) inhuman serum. In conjunctionwith clinical findings andother diagnostic tests, the testsystem is used as an aid in thediagnosis of Celiac Disease(gluten-sensitive enteropathy).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitativedetection of IgAand IgGautoantibodies totissueTransglutaminase(endomysium) inhuman serum.Detection of theseantibodies is an aidin diagnosis ofcertain glutensensitiveenteropathies suchas celiac diseaseand dermatitisherpetiformis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitativedetection of gliadinIgA and IgGantibodies in humanserum. The presenceof gliadin antibodiescan be used inconjunction withclinical findings andother laboratory teststo aid in the diagnosisof celiac disease.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human IgA or IgG antibodiesto human tissuetransglutaminase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human IgA or IgG antibodiesto deamidated gliadin peptide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device:BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA andIgG Kits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:INOVA QUANTA Liteh-tTG IgA and IgGKits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:INOVA QUANTA LiteGliadin IgA IlI and IgGII Kits</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated multiplex flowimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual, microtiterplate format,Enzyme-linkedImmunosorbent assay(ELISA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual, microtiterplate format,Enzyme-linkedImmunosorbent assay(ELISA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture Antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant tTG proteinand DGP antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Native human tissuetransglutaminase (h-tTG)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Synthetic,deamidated peptide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phycoerythrin conjugated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat anti-human IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat anti-human IgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device:BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA andIgG Kits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:INOVA QUANTA Liteh-tTG lgA and IgGKits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:INOVA QUANTA LiteGliadin lgA II and IgG1I Kits</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">murine monoclonal anti-human IgA or IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">or lgA HRP-conjugated antibodysolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">or IgA HRP-conjugated antibodysolution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetramethylbenzidine(TMB) Chromogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetramethylbenzidine(TMB) Chromogen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color, read at 450nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color, read at 450nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid Phase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen-coated paramagneticmicrobead reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen-coated solidphase microtiterwells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen-coated solidphase microtiter wells</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 levels of Calibrator for bothIgA and IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 level of LowPositive control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 level of LowPositive control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One Negative and onePositive Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One Negative, onelow Positive, and onehigh PositiveControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One Negative, onelow Positive, and onehigh PositiveControls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-tTG:IgA: 0.5 to 250 U/mLIgG: 0.8 to 250 U/mLAnti-DGP:IgA: 0.2 to 250 U/mLIgG: 0.4 to 250 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators andControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sold Separately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit components</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results are determined froma standard calibration curveutilizing a 4-PL (4-ParameterLogistic) curve fitting.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One point calculationfrom the OD of thelow positive control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One point calculationfrom the OD of thelow positive control.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometer</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CEN 13640:2002, Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
EP05-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline, Second Edition.   
EP06-A, Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Measurement, Approved Guideline, Second Edition.   
EP07-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, Approved Guideline, Second Edition E9-A2IR, Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline, Second Edition (Interim Revision).   
EP12-A2, User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative test Performance, Approved Guideline, Second Edition.   
EP14-A2, Evaluation of Matrix Effects, Approved Guideline, Second Edition   
EP15-A2, User Verification of Performance for Precision and Trueness, Approved   
Guideline, Second Edition.   
Aoe m Approved Guideline.

# Test Principle:

The BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG kits use a multiplexed micro particle bead-based immunoassay for the semi-quantitative detection of IgA and IgG antibodies to tissue Transglutaminase and deamidated gliadin peptide in human serum using the Luminex flow cytometry technology.

In the BioPlex Celiac IgA and $\mathsf { I g G }$ assays, two (2) different populations of dyed beads are coated with antigens associated with celiac disease (recombinant antigens). The BioPlex 2200 System combines an aliquot of patient sample, sample diluent, and bead set reagent into a reaction vessel. The mixture is incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } C$ After a wash cycle, anti-human IgA or $\mathrm { I g G }$ antibody conjugated to phycoerythrin (PE) is added to the dyed beads and this mixture is incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } C$ . The excess conjugate is removed in another wash cycle, and the beads are re-suspended in wash buffer. The bead mixture then passes through the detector. The identity of the dyed beads is determined by the fluorescence of the dyes, and the amount of antibody captured by the antigen is determined by the fluorescence of the attached PE. Raw data is calculated in relative fluorescence intensity (RFI).

Two additional dyed beads, Internal Standard Bead (ISB) and Serum Verification Bead (SVB) are present in each reaction mixture to verify detector response and the addition of serum to the reaction vessel. An additional control bead, IgA Verification Bead (AVB) has been included for the Celiac IgA kit to flag results for samples with deficient lgA levels. Refer to the BioPlex 2200 System Operation Manual for more information on internal quality control beads.

Thste  cla us  disi ala alppl separaey Bio-Rad Laboratories. For anti-tTG, five (5) vials, representing five (5) different antibody concentrations, are used for semi-quantitative calibration for anti-tTG IgA and IgG. For anti$\operatorname { D G P } ,$ iv (5) vials, representing five (5) different antibody concentrations, are used for smiquantitative calibration for anti-DGP IgA and $\mathtt { I g G }$ The result for each of these antibodies is expressed in Units/mL (U/mL).

# Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

1. Analytical performance: a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Precision testing of the BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG kits on the BioPlex® 2200 instrument was performed in accordance with CLSI EP5-A2. A seruim panel consisting of samples spanning the measuring range was assayed in replicate twice daily over 20 days $( \mathsf { n } ^ { = } 8 0 )$ One positive and one negative control were included. The data were analyzed for within-run, between-run, between-day, and total precision and the mean $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , standard deviation and percent coefficient of variation are summarized below:

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA - Anti-tTG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA - Anti-DGP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG - Anti-tTG   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">MeanU/mL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mid Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mid Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">172.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG - Anti-DGP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanU/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr></table>

# CLSI EP15-A2 Reproducibility

Precision and reproducibility was also evaluated in accordance with CLSI EP15- A2 guideline "User Verification of Performance for Precision and Trueness, Vol 25, No $1 7 ^ { \circ }$ .

A different serum panel consisting of samples spanning the measuring range were assayed in 4 replicates per run, one run per day over 5 days $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 - 2 0 )$ One positive and one negative control were included. The data were analyzed for within-run, between run (day), and total precision and the mean $\mathrm { U } / { \mathrm { m L } }$ , standard deviation and percent coefficient of variation are summarized below:

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA - Anti-tTG IgA   
Page 9 of 21   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Panel Member</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">GrandMean(U/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Run(Day)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">219.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA - Anti-DGP IgA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandMean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run(Day)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG - Anti-tTG IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandMean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run(Day)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG - Anti-DGP IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandMean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run(Day)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr></table>

# Lot-to-lot Reproducibility

The lot-to-lot reproducibility study was conducted to evaluate the variation among the lots of the reagent kit. Serum samples spanning the assay range were tested with three reagent lots on three BioPlex 2200 instruments in replicates of 10 for two runs.

Each lot mean $\mathrm { ( U / m L ) }$ was calculated using data 60 points for each patient serum sample (ten replicates, three instruments, two runs per instrument). The lot to lot grand mean $\mathrm { ( U / m L ) }$ , standard deviation and $\% \mathsf { C V }$ of the anti-DGP and anti-tTG IgA samples were calculated for each of the samples.

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA - Anti-tTG IgA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenInstrument/Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA - Anti-DGP IgA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenInstrument/Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4:38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG - Anti-tTG IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenInstrument/Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCePr04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2%</td></tr></table>

BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG - Anti-DGP IgG   
Page 12 of 21   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">MeanU/mL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">BetweenInstrument/Operator</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SCePr01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">165.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.0%</td></tr><tr><td>SCePr20</td><td>197.7</td><td></td><td></td><td>9.06</td><td>4.6%</td><td></td><td></td><td>X4</td><td>1.0%</td><td>25.16</td><td>12.7%</td></tr></table>

$b .$ Linearity/assay reportable range:

Three low and high Celiac anti-tTG IgA or IgG and anti-DGP IgA or IgG positive patient serum samples were tested to demonstrate linearity. These samples were diluted with immunodepleted serum according to CLSI EP06-A. Each sample and dilution was evaluated in replicates of four using one Celiac IgA and IgG lot on one instrument. Linear and polynomial regression analysis of Celiac IgA and IgG recovery vs. sample dilution was performed to determine if the dilution curves exhibit statistically significant non-linear regression based on the CLSI guideline EP06-A.

The regression parameters (slope, intercept and r2) of the observed values vs.   
predicted values are show below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Celiac Assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution range (U/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Anti-tTG IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-58.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-68.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-61.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9963</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-263.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3- 235.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 - 254.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Anti-DGP IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-60.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-55.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9969</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-72.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 - 223.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 - 206.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 - 242.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Anti-tTG IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-67.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-68.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-46.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-259.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-232.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>253.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-253.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Anti-DGP IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-48.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-57.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-49.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-192.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 - 183.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.0017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 - 238.6</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 Celiac Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Measuring Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-tTG IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 to 250 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-DGP IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 to 250 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-tTG IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 to 250 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-DGP IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 to 250 U/mL</td></tr></table>

Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

# Traceability:

There is no international or certified reference material available for Celiac antitTG and anti-DGP IgA and $\mathbf { I g G }$ The calibrators are assigned relative arbitrary units $\mathrm { ( U / m L ) }$

# Value Assignment:

The calibrators are manufactured independently from the controls, and are stabilized with $\leq 0 . 3 \%$ ProClin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 300, $\leq 0 . 1 \%$ sodium benzoate, and $- 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide. Calibrator assignment is established for matched lots of BioPlex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA or IgG kit and calibrators using a master set of calibrators as reference and replicate analyses on multiple BioPlex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2200 instruments. The BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA or IgG Reagent Kit is calibrated using a set of five (5) distinct calibrators for anti-tTG and anti-DGP IgG or IgA, which are used to establish points of reference for determining the presence of anti-tTG and anti-DGP IgA or IgG in human specimens.

The negative control is manufactured to give negative results with values below the cut-off for each assay. The positive control is manufactured to give positive results with values above the assay cut-off for each assay.

# Stability:

Stability studies have been performed to support the following claims:

Calibrator and Control:

BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG Control and Calibrator Sets: Calibrator Open Vial Stability (2 to ${ } ^ { 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ ), 60 days from first opening; Control Open Vial Stability (2 to ${ } ^ { 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } } ,$ , 60 days from first opening; Calibration Curve On-board Stability, 30 days; Calibrators and Controls Real Time Stability (2 to ${ } ^ { 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } } ,$ , 9 months; labeled as until expiration date.

# Kit Stability:

BioPlex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG Kit: Real Time (unopened) Kit Stability, 9 months or until the date of expiration when stored unopened on the instrument or at 2 to $\mathbf { 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ ; The Open kit claim is 60 days.

# Serum Sample Stability:

Sample stability studies were also performed: Sample stability fresh (2 to ${ \bf 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ , 7 days; Sample stability frozen (-20 or $\mathbf { - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ , 8 months; Sample Freeze-thaw (-20 or $- 8 0 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C }$ , up to 3-freeze thaw cycles acceptable.

# . Detection limit:

The results of LoQ, LoD and LoB are summarized in the table below.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioPlex® 2200 CeliacAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ(U/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD(U/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB(U/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-tTG IgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-DGP IgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioPlex® 2200 CeliacAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ(U/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD(U/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.LoB(U/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-tTG IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-DGP IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr></table>

e. Analytical specificity:

An interfering substances study was conducted to evaluate the potential interference of specific endogenous and exogenous substances with the BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA and $\mathbf { I g } \mathbf { G }$ kits according to CLSI EP7-A2.

No interference was observed with any of the substances tested, except anti-tTG IgA and IgG at hemolysate level above hemoglobin concentration of $6 3 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . The substances and the maximum levels tested are shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤500 mg/dL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤20 mg/dL </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3300 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red Blood Cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.4%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤6 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-Carotene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 800 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*for anti-DGP IgA and IgG only

# Cross-Reactivity:

A cross-reactivity study was performed to determine if patient serum samples from individuals with various disease states and other potentially interfering factors interfere with test results from the BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA or IgG kit. Samples from individuals with known disease states for potential cross reactivity listed in the table below were evaluated with the BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA or IgG kit. The table below shows the number (N) of samples containing potential cross reactants as disease state evaluated by the BioPlex $\mathfrak { Q }$ Celiac IgA and IgG kits. The cross reactivity was obtained as the positivity rate from the ratio of the number of samples scored positive by the BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Celiac IgA and IgG assays to the total number of cross reactant samples evaluated.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cross ReactiveDisease State</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>BioPlex 2200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Anti-tTG IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Anti-DGP IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Anti-tTG IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Anti-DGP IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) sod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) sod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pol%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) sod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Px</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+} sod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chronic Active Hepatitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crohn&#x27;s Disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diabetes Mellitus Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gastritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Graves&#x27;/Hashimoto&#x27;s Disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Irritable Bowel Syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pemicious Anemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Biliary Cirrhosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scleroderma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sjögren&#x27;s Syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syphilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Lupus Erythematosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ulcerative Colitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr></table>

\* 1 sample exhibited repeated instrument error flags and was excluded from the anti-tTG IgA and IgG data analysis

# f. Assay cut-off:

The assay cutoff values were determined by performing Receiver Operator Characteristic (ROC) analysis using clinically diagnosed serum samples. The study to determine the Celiac IgA or IgG assay cutoff was comprised of two patient serum sample groups —123 samples from patients diagnosed with celiac disease and 1 12 from non-celiac or other rheumatic disease control donors. The assay cut-off values were confirmed by testing 298 samples from apparently healthy donors.

A cutoff of $1 5 . 0 ~ \mathrm { U / m L }$ for anti-tTG IgA or $\mathrm { \dot { \bar { I } } g G }$ and for anti-DGP IgA or IgG was established by optimizing for clinical accuracy.

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: The performance of the BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG kits was evaluated including 156 patients diagnosed with celiac disease 163 patients with other . rheumatic or non-CD disease control, 11 celiac IgA deficient patients, and 16 dermatitis herpetiformis (DH) patients. Results from all patient serum samples of both the new and the predicate immunoassays are compared. Results are summarized in the tables below:

# All Retrospective Patient Serum Samples

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate IgA EIA Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-tTG IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-DGP IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346</td></tr></table>

\*1 sample exhibited repeated instrument error flags and was excluded from the data analysis

Anti-tTG IgA Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 6 . 4 \%$ (163/169) (92.5  98.4%) Anti-tTG IgA Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \thinspace \mathrm { C I } ) = 1 0 0 \%$ (176/176) (97.9 - 100%) Anti-tTG IgA Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 8 . 3 \%$ (339/345) (96.3  99.2%) Anti-DGP IgA Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 7 . 3 \%$ (144/148) $( 9 3 . 3 - 9 8 . 9 \% )$ EMPY Anti-DGP IgA Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 3 . 4 \%$ (185/198) (89.1 - 96.1%) Anti-DGP IgA Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 5 . 1 \%$ (329/346) (92.3  96.9%)

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate IgG EIA Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-tTG IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>253</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-DGP IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346</td></tr></table>

sample exhibited repeated instrument error flags and was excluded from the data analysis

Anti-tTG IgG Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 3 . 3 \% ( 5 6 / 6 0 ) ( 8 4 . 1 - 9 7 . 4 \% )$ Anti-tTG IgG Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 8 7 . 4 \%$ (249/285) (83.0 - 90.7%) Anti-tTG IgG Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 8 8 . 4 \%$ (305/345) (84.6 - 91.4%) Anti-DGP IgG Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 3 . 3 \%$ (140/150) (88.2 - 96.3%)

Anti-DGP IgG Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 1 . 3 \%$ (179/196) (86.6  94.5%) Anti-DGP IgG Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 2 . 2 \%$ (319/346) (88.9 - 94.6%)

Results from values in the measuring range and $10 \%$ of diluted total samples of both the new and the predicate immunoassays are compared. Results are summarized in the tables below:

# Results within the measuring range and $10 \%$ of diluted serum samples

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate IgA EIA Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-tTG IgA(0.5 - 250 U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-DGP IgA(0.2 - 250 U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td></tr></table>

Anti-tTG IgA Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 4 . 2 \%$ (97/103) (87.9 - 97.3%) Anti-tTG IgA Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 1 0 0 \%$ (108/108) (96.6 - 100%) Anti-tTG IgA Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 7 . 2 \%$ (205/211) (93.9 - 98.7%) Anti-DGP IgA Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 7 . 0 \%$ (129/133) (92.5  98.8%) Anti-DGP IgA Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 2 . 7 \%$ (164/177) (87.8 - 95.7%) Anti-DGP IgA Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 4 . 5 \%$ (293/310) (91.4 - 96.5%)

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">Predicate IgG EIA Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">anti-tTG IgG (0.8 - 250 U/mL)</td><td></td><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>Positive.</td><td>54</td><td>36</td><td>90</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>4</td><td>194</td><td>198</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">anti-DGP IgG (0.4 - 250 U/mL)</td><td>Total</td><td>58</td><td>230</td><td>288</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>140</td><td>17</td><td>157</td></tr><tr><td>Negative Total</td><td>9 149</td><td>82 99</td><td>91 248</td></tr></table>

Anti-tTG IgG Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 3 . 1 \%$ (54/58) $( 8 3 . 6 - 9 7 . 3 \% )$ Anti-tTG IgG Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 8 4 . 3 \%$ (194/230) (79.1 - 88.5%) Anti-tTG IgG Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 8 6 . 1 \%$ (248/288) $( 8 1 . 6 - 8 9 . 6 \% )$ EP Anti-DGP IgG Positive Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 4 . 0 \%$ (140/149) (88.9 - 96.8%) Anti-DGP IgG Negative Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 8 2 . 8 \%$ (82/99) (74.2 - 89.0%) Anti-DGP IgG Total Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 8 9 . 5 \%$ (222/248) (85.1 - 92.7%)

b. Matrix comparison: Not Applicable- Serum only.

3. Clinical studies:

# aClinical Sensitivity and specificity:

The clinical studies involved testing 319 serum specimens including 163 non-Celiac disease control patients and 156 diagnosed Celiac disease patients. The BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA and IgG sensitivity and specificity are shown below:

# BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-tTG IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-DGP IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.319</td></tr></table>

\*sample exhibited repeated instrument error fags and was excluded from the data analysis

Anti-tTG IgA Sensitivity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 4 . 9 \%$ (148/156) (90.2 - 97.4%) Anti-tTG IgA Specificity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } ) = 9 8 . 8 \%$ (160/162) (95.6  99.7%) Anti-DGP IgA Sensitivity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 8 7 . 2 \%$ (136/156) (81.0 - 91.5%) Anti-DGP IgA Specificity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 6 . 9 \%$ (158/163) (93.0 - 98.7%)

BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-tTG IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>anti-DGP IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319</td></tr></table>

\* 1 sample exhibited repeated instrument error flags and was excluded from the data analysis

Anti-tTG IgG Sensitivity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 4 4 . 2 \% ( 6 9 / 1 5 6 ) ( 3 6 . 7 - 5 2 . 1 \% )$

Anti-tTG IgG Specificity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 5 . 7 \%$ (155/162) (91.4 - 97.9%) Anti-DGP IgG Sensitivity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 8 4 . 6 \%$ (132/156) (78.1  89.4%) Anti-DGP IgG Specificity $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } ) = 9 6 . 9 \%$ (158/163) (93.0  98.7%)

Serum samples from patients previously diagnosed with celiac disease and IgA deficiency $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { N } = 1 1 )$ were run on the BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgG kits and the $\#$ positive samples is shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Positive Anti-tTG IgG(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Positive Anti-DGP IgG(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Celiac Disease withIgA deficiency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9(81.8%)95% CI: 52.3 - 94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (72.7%)95% CI: 43.4 - 90.3%</td></tr></table>

The positive rates of the BioPlex Celiac IgA and $\mathsf { I g C }$ in each of disease category are shown below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disease Category</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NumberEnrolled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-tTGIgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-DGPIgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-tTGIgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-DGPIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Celiac Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148(94.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136(87.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69(44.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132(84.6%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apparently HealthySubject</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5(1.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2(0.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5(1.7%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgA Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9(81.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8(72.7%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dermatitis Herpetiformis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13(81.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(43.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12(75.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chronic Active Hepatitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 (50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crohn's Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(7.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diabetes Mellitus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gastritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graves'/Hashimoto'sDisease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(7.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Irritable Bowel Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pernicious Anemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary Biliary Cirrhosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2(22.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(10%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scleroderma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(9.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(9.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sjögren's Syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(7.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Systemic LupusErythematosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ulcerative Colitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disease Category</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NumberEnrolled</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-tTGIgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-DGPIgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-tTGlgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-DGPIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syphilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0(0%)</td></tr></table>

\* 1 sample exhibited repeated instrument error flags and was excluded from the anti-tTG IgG and igA data analysis

c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Refer to Method Comparison

4. Clinical cut-off: See Assay Cutoff

# 5. Expected values/Reference range:

Three hundred serum samples from apparently healthy donors including 139 males ranging in age from $< 1$ to 94 and 161 females ranging in age from 5 to 101 were tested with BioPlex $\mathfrak { B }$ 2200 Celiac IgA and $\mathsf { I g G }$ kits. The number of positive and mean value of the BioPlex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Celiac $\mathbf { l g A }$ and $\mathsf { I g G }$ results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (U/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anti-tTG IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anti-DGP IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(1.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anti-tTGIgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.7%)    •</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anti-DGP IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (1.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr></table>

Results of $< 1 5 . 0 ~ \mathrm { U / m L }$ for anti-tTG IgA or $\mathsf { I g C }$ and for anti-DGP IgA or IgG are reported as negative and results $\geq 1 5 . 0 \ \mathrm { U / m L }$ for anti-tTG IgA or IgG and for antiDGP IgA or $\mathfrak { i g } \mathrm { G }$ are reported as positive.

Each laboratory should establish its own reference range pertinent to their specific patient populations.

# Instrument Name:

The BioPlex 2200 System, software version 4. 1

BIO-RAD LABORATORIES, INC.   
C/O DR. JUANG WANG   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS REPRESENTATIVE 5500 EAST 2ND ST.   
BENICIA, CA 94510

Re: K130053 Trade/Device Name: BioPlex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA kit BioPlex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac lgG kit BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA Calibrator Set BioPlex $^ { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgG Calibrator Set BioPlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2200 Celiac IgA Control Set BioPlex $\textcircled{1}$ 2200 Celiac IgG Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5660 Regulation Name: Multiple Autoantibodies Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MVM, MST, JIX, JJX Dated: August 22, 2013 Received: August 23, 2013

Dear Dr. Wang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name BioPlex 2200 Celiac IgA Kit

Indications for Use (Describe) Th Bio u iv

Device Name BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA Control Set

Device Name BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgA Calibrator Set

FORM FDA 3881 (6/13)

Device Name BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG Calibrator Set

Device Name BioPlex® 2200 Celiac IgG Kit

Indications for Use (Descrbe) TBi