# 1.0 Submitted By:

Amanda Brown   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
250 S. Kraemer Boulevard   
M/S E1.2902   
Brea, California 92821   
Telephone: (714)961-6484   
Email: abrown2@beckman.com

# 2.0 Date Submitted:

December 19, 2013

# 3.0 Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names IMMAGE $\textcircled{8}$ Immunochemistry System Low Concentration Immunoglobulin M (IGMLC) Reagent IMMAGE $\textcircled{8}$ Immunochemistry System Cerebrospinal Fluid Protein Calibrator (CSF CAL)

# 3.2 Classification Name

Metd, Nephelometric, Immunoglobulns G A, M) (1 CFR $\ S$ 866.5510) [CFN] Calibrator, multi-analyte mixture 1 CR $\ S$ 862.1150) [JIX]

# 4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocketNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman CoulterIMMAGE®ImmunochemistrySystem LowConcentrationImmunoglobulin M(IGMLC) ReagentBeckman CoulterCerebrospinal FluidProtein Calibrator (CSFCAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman CoulterIMMAGE®Immunochemistry SystemLow ConcentrationImmunoglobulin M(IGMLC) ReagentBeckman CoulterCerebrospinal FluidProtein Calibrator (CSFCAL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K993547</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Description:

The IMMAGE System Low Concentration Immunoglobulin M (IGMLC) Reagent, when used in conjunction with IMMAGE Immunochemistry Systems and Cerebrospinal Fluid Protein Calibrator is intended for the quantitative determination of human Immunoglobulin M in serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) by rate nephelometry.

The IMMAGE Immunochemistry System (cleared under K962294) is a high throughput, random access analyzer that uses rate nephelometry methodology to measure human immunoglobulin M concentration in serum and CSF samples. The IMMAGE Immunochemistry System automatically dilutes and delivers sample to the reaction cuvette along with reagents and other reaction constituents.

During the reaction, particle bound anti-IgM antibody binds to IgM molecules in the sample via an antigen-antibody reaction. This results in the formation of insoluble complexes causing an increase in light scatter. The rate of increase in light scattered from the particles suspended in solution is directly proportional to the concentration of immunoglobulin M in the sample.

The rate nephelometer measures the increase in the intensity of light scattered by particles suspended in a cuvette.The light source for the rate nephelometer is a 670 nm wavelength laser. The detector is placed at a 90° angle from the incident beam to measure light increase. At the end of the reaction, the system mathematically calculates the rate of change of the scatter signal.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

IMMAGE $\textcircled{8}$ Immunochemistry Systems IGMLC Reagent, when used in conjunction with IMMAGE $\otimes$ Immunochemistry Systems and Cerebrospinal Fluid Protein Calibrator, is intended for quantitative determination of immunoglobulin M in human serum or cerebrospinal fluid (CsF) by rate nephelometry.

# Clinical Significance:

The concentration ratio of immunoglobulins in CSF and serum detects increased permeability of the blood-CSF barrier and intrathecal synthesis of immunoglobulins.

The permeability of the blood-CSF barrier to plasma increases due to brain tumor, intracerebral hemorrhage, meningitis, encephalitis, and bacterial infections. The intrathecal synthesis of immunoglobulins is important in the diagnosis of diseases of the Central Nervous System (CNS).3

1. European Neurology 1996; 36; 201-205   
2. Journal of the Neurological Sciences 184 (2001) 101-122   
3. Burtis, C.A. AshwoodE. R. Tiet Texbook f Clinical Chemistry, 3rd Edition, W. B Saunders, Philadelphia, PA (1999).

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The following table shows similarities and differences between the predicate identified in Section 4.0 of this summary. Each modification was evaluated against the criteria for a Special 510(k) to insure that the particular change does not: (1) affect the intended use or (2) alter the fundamental scientific technology of the device.

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>IMMAGEIGMLCReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reagent formulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Calibrator formulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Technology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Methodology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Kit configuration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specimen types</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Stability</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Precision specification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Interferences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>IMMAGEIGMLCReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent curvefit optimization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional standards added to the low end of thecurve.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current:                          New:CSF: 0.3 mg/L                    0.15 mg/LSerum: 64.8 mg/L                32.4 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibratortraceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Improved traceability to the international standard,ERM-DA-470(k)-IFCC.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current:                          New:CSF 0.3-10 mg/L                 0.15 - 10 mg/LSerum 64.8-2160 mg/L          32.4 - 2160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImprecisionValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included CSF typical imprecision with samplemean concentration between 0.15-0.30 mg/L andupdated low end serum sample with meanconcentration between 32.4-64.8 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current:CSF: Concordance to IFE method (obsolete)Serum: Comparison to IGM assayNew:CSF: Comparison to current assaySerum: Comparison to current assay</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data:

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to chemistry test systems already in commercial distribution. Equivalence is demonstrated through method comparison, linearity, and imprecision, and sensitivity experiments.

Method Comparison Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptanceCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 1.0 +/- 0.10Intercept: &lt; 0.075mg/LR:≥0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.963</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope: 1.0 +/- 0.10Intercept: N/AR:≥ 0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

Precision Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-RunPrecisionSD/ %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between RunPrecisionSD / %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between DayPrecisionSD / %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPrecisionSD / %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0:196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 mg/L16.55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 mg/L0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 mg/L4.57%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 mg/L15.64%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 mg/L2.07%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 mg/L2.22%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 mg/L0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07 mg/L2.85%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29 mg/L3.25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29 mg/L3.32%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 mg/L0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38 mg/L4.30%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.84 mg/L9.99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69 mg/L1.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46 mg/L3.81%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17 mg/L10.84%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.87 mg/L2.31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.33 mg/L1.71%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 mg/L0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.59 mg/L2.85%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1935.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.23 mg/L2.85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.58 mg/L1.53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.23 mg/L0.53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.48 mg/L3.28%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

As summarized, the modification to the IMMAGE IGMLC Reagent is substantially equivalent to the originally cleared product (K993547). Substantial equivalence has been demonstrated through performance to verify that the device functions as intended and that design specifications have been satisfied.

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

BECKMAN COULTER, INC. C/O MS. AMANDA BROWN REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 250 S. KRAEMER BLVD M/S E1.2902 BREA, CA 92821

Re: k130122 Trade/Device Name: IMMAGE $\otimes$ Immunochemistry System Low Concentration Immunoglobulin M (IGMLC) Reagent IMMAGE Immunochemistry Systems CSF-CAL Cerebrospinal. Fluid Protein Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.5510 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, and E immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CFN, JIX Dated: December 2, 2013 Received: December 3, 2013

Dear Ms. Brown:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K130122

Device Name IMMAGE Immunochemistry System Low Concentration Immunoglobulin M (IGMLC) Reagent

Indications for Use (Describe)   
MAGE Immuochemisty Systems IGMLReagent, hen usedin conjunctionwith IMMAGEImmochemisy Systs and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) by rate nephelometry.

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

510(k) Number (if known) K130122

Device Name IMMAGE@ Immunochemistry Systems CSF-CAL Cerebrospinal Fluid Protein Calibrator

Indications for Use (Describe)   
CSF Cal Cerebrospinal Fluid Protein Calibrator), when used in conjunction with Beckman Coulter Low Concentration obuGALbul GL) calibration of these reagents.