# 8.0 510(K) SUMMARY

<table><tr><td>Submitter's Name</td><td>Veridex, LLC</td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td>1001 US Highway 202 Raritan, NJ 08869-0606</td></tr><tr><td>Telephone Number</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Fax Number</td><td>908-927-4947 908-526-5059</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Date:</td><td>Kimberly Prescott, Associate Director, Global Regulatory Affairs March 20, 2013</td></tr><tr><td>Name of the Device</td><td>CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® System</td></tr><tr><td>Common or Usual Name</td><td>Immunomagnetic circulating cancer cell selection and enumeration system</td></tr><tr><td>Classification Name</td><td>Immunomagnetic circulating cancer cell selection and enumeration system Device Class: 11 Product Code: NQI Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6020</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Standards</td><td>There are no performance standards promulgated for this device.</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® is a semi-automated fluorescence microscope used to enumerate fluorescently labeled cells that are immunomagnetically selected and aligned. This product is for in vitro diagnostic use when used in tandem with specimen preparation equipment and reagents that are legally marketed for in vitro diagnostic use with this</td></tr><tr><td>Identification of the Legally Marketed Device (Predicate Device)</td><td>device.. CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® System Name: Immunomagnetic circulating cancer cell selection and enumeration system Device Class: II Product Code: NQI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Summary, continued</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® is a semi-automated fluorescence microscope, consisting of the analyzer, a dedicated computer with CELLTRACKS® software, monitor, keyboard, mouse and uninterruptible power supply (UPS). The system also supports an optional Remote Review Workstation, which consists of a dedicated computer with CELLTRACKS® software, monitor, keyboard and mouse.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>supervision of laboratory management. The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® is for analysis of rare cells that are isolated from biological fluids including whole blood. It is used in conjunction with the CELLTRACKS® AUTOPREP® System, which automates and standardizes the sample preparation with specific reagent kits. The optional Remote Review Workstation provides the capability to review images and report results remotely. The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® (modified) is substantially equivalent to the CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® (current - K113181, December 12, 201 1). There has been no change to intended use, fundamental scientific technology, mode of operations, or specimen</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison to Predicate Device</td><td>There are 2 main modifications to the current CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® (K118131, cleared December 12, 2011) that are included in this Traditional 510(k) submission: The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® Software has been modified to version 2.6.0, and is present on both the CELLTRACKS ANALYZER I1® PC and the Remote Review Workstation PC. A Remote Review Workstation PC is now available, supporting identical image review and result reporting functionality that is currently supported locally on the CELLTRACKS ANALYZER I1®.</td></tr><tr><td>Description of Testing</td><td>Non-clinical testing for the CELLTRACKS ANALYZER I® System included: Unit/Integration/System Verification System Level Validation Stress Testing Regression Testing Control Cell/Sample Performance Validation Testing</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusion of Testing</td><td>The information presented in the premarket notification demonstrates that the performance of the CELLTRACKS ANALYZER II® System (modified) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Equivalence was demonstrated through non-clinical functional testing for the modified device. The information presented in the premarket</td></tr></table>

June 20, 2013

VERIDEX, LLC  
C/O MS. KIMBERLY PRESCOTT  
ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL REGULATORY AFFAIRS  
1001 US HIGHWAY 202  
RARITAN NJ 08869

Re: K130794 Trade/Device Name: CELLTRACKS ANALYZER $\operatorname { I I } \mathfrak { P }$ System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6020 Regulation Name: Immunomagnetic circulating cancer cell selection and enumeration system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NQI Dated: June 10, 2013 Received: June 13, 2013

Dear Ms. Prescott:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Ms. Kimberly Prescott

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industrv/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K130794

Device Name: CELLTRACKS ANALYZER $1 1 ^ { \otimes }$ System

Indications For Use:

The CELLTRACKS ANALYZER $1 1 ^ { \otimes }$ is a semi-automated fluorescence microscope used to enumerate fluorescently labeled cells that are immunomagnetically selected and aligned. This product is for in vitro diagnostic use when used in tandem with specimen preparation equipment and reagents that are legally marketed for in vitro diagnostic use with this device.

# Maria M Chan -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

510(k): k130794