This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of The Safety Medical Devices Act of 1990 (SMDA 1990) and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

# Assigned 510(k) Number:

Date of Summary Preparation: September 9, 2013

Manufacturer:

Phadia AB   
Rapsgatan 7P   
P.O. Box 6460   
751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

510 (k) Contact Person:

Martin Mann   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue   
Portage, Mi 49002, USA   
+1 (-269-492) -1957 (Phone)   
$+ 1$ (-269-492) -7541 (Fax)   
martin.mann@thermofisher.com

# Device Name:

# EliATM Cardiolipin IgA Immunoassay

Common Name:

Cardiolipin autoantibody immunological test system

# Classification

# Product Name

EliA™M Cardiolipin IgA

<table><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>Class</td><td>CFR</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>MID</td><td>I</td><td>866.5660</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence to

Quanta Lite IgA ACA (HRP)

# Intended Use Statements of the New Device

EliA Cardiolipin IgA is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgA antibodies directed to cardiolipin in human serum and plasma (heparin, EDTA, citrate) to aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) as well as thrombotic disorders related to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Cardiolipin IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instruments Phadia 100.

EliA Cardiolipin IgA is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgA antibodies directed to cardiolipin in human serum and plasma (heparin, EDTA, citrate) to aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) as well as thrombotic disorders related to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Cardiolipin IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instruments Phadia 250.

# Special condition for use statement

The device is for prescription use only.

Special instrument requirements

Phadia® 100/Phadia® 250 are fully automated immunoassay analyzers, which include software for evaluation of test results.

# General Description of the New Device

The new device belongs to a fully integrated and automated system for immunodiagnostic testing. It comprises a Fluorescence-Immunoassay test system using EliA single wells as the solid phase and is intended to be performed on the instruments Phadia 100 and Phadia 250.

The conjugate for the EliA IgA method is mouse anti-human IgA beta-galactosidase, which uses 4-Methylumbelliferyl-BD-Galactoside as substrate.

The total IgA calibration is based on a set of six WHO-standardized IgA Calibrators derived from human serum. They are used to establish an initial calibration curve, which may be used for up to 28 days on additional assays and can be stored by the instrument. Each additional assay includes calibrator (curve) controls that have to recover in defined ranges to cnsure that the stored calibration curve is still valid. The Fluorescence-Immunoassay test system includes test-, method-specific and general reagents that are packaged as separate units.

# Test Principle of the New Device The EliA Wells are coated with the following antigen:

<table><tr><td>Test</td><td>Antigen coated to the wells:</td></tr><tr><td>EliA Cardiolipin IgA Well</td><td>Bovine cardiolipin antigen and bovine β2-glycoprotein I as co-factor</td></tr></table>

If present in the patient's specimen, antibodies to the antigens mentioned above bind to their specific antigen. After washing away non-bound antibodies, enzyme-labeled antibodies against human IgA antibodies (EliA IgA Conjugate) are added to form an antibody-conjugate complex. After incubation, non-bound conjugate is washed away and the bound complex is incubated with a Development Solution. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence in the reaction mixture is measured. The higher the response value, the higher the amount of antibody bound and detected in the sample tested. To evaluate test results, the response for patient samples is compared directly to the response for calibrators.

# Device Comparison

The new and the predicate device both represent non-competitive solid phase ELISAs. Both IVDs are used as an aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) as well as thrombotic disorders related to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).

# Laboratory equivalence

The comparability of predicate device and new device is supported by a data set including

results obtained within a comparison study between new and predicate device   
results obtained for clinically defined sera   
results obtained for samples from apparently healthy subjects (normal population).

In summary, all available data support that the new device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# PHADIA US, INC. C/O MR. MARTIN ROBERT MANN SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER 4169 COMMERCIAL AVENUE PORTAGE, MI, 49002

Re: K131821 Trade/Device Name: EliA™M Cardiolipin IgA Immunoassay EliATM APS Positive Control 100 EliATM APS Positive Control 250 EliATM APS IgG/IgM/IgA Negative Control 100 EliATM APS IgG/IgM/IgA Negative Control 250

Regulation Number: CFR §866.5660   
Regulation Name: Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: MID, JJY   
Dated: November 20, 2013   
Received: November 21, 2013

Dear Mr. Mann:

We have reviewed your Section $\$ 100$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and $\cdot$ 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may. obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-ree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm:

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k131821

Device Name EliAT Cardiolipin IgA

E IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instruments Phadia 100.

FORM FDA 3881 (6/13)

510(k) Number (if known) k131821

Device Name EliA™M Cardiolipin IgA

Ei IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instruments Phadia 250.

510(k) Number (if known) k131821

Device Name EliATM APS Positive Control 100

Device Name EliATM APS Positive Control 250

Device Name EliA™ IgG/IgM/IgA Negative Control 100

Device Name EliATM igG/IgM/IgA Negative Control 250