# PHADIA US, INC. C/O MR. MARTIN ROBERT MANN SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER 4169 COMMERCIAL AVENUE PORTAGE, MI, 49002

Re: k132631 Trade/Device Name: EliA™ $\operatorname { S m D } ^ { \mathrm { P } }$ Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 5 1 0 0 $ Regulation Name: Antinuclear Antibody Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LKP Dated: July 28, 2014 Received: July 31, 2014

Dear Mr. Mann:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, ″Misbranding by reference to premarket notification″ (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Elizabeth A. Stafford -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D. Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe) EliA SmDP is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgG antibodies directed to Sm in human serum and plasma (EDTA, citrate) as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA SmDP uses the EliA IgG method on the instrument Phadia 100.

EliA SmDP is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgG antibodies directed to $\mathrm { S m }$ in human serum and plasma (EDTA, citrate) as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA SmDP uses the EliA IgG method on the instrument Phadia 250.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”