# 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of The Safety Medical Devices Act of 1990 (SMDA 1990) and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Premarket Notification 510(k) No: _ k133404

Date of Summary Preparation:

January 8, 2014

Distributor:

Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957

# Manufacturer:

Phadia AB   
Rapsgatan 7P   
P.O. Box 6460   
751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

# Company Contact Person:

Martin Mann   
Regulatory Affairs Manager Phadia US Inc.   
4165 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002   
269-492-1957

# Device Names:

ImmunoCAP Total IgE System, consisting of ImmunoCAP Total IgE Conjugate ImmunoCAP Total IgE Anti-IgE ImmunoCAP Total IgE Calibrators ImmunoCAP Total IgE Curve Controls ImmunoCAP Total IgE Control LMH

# Common Name:

Automated in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of Total IgE.

Classification: Product Code Class   
CFR

Substantial Equivalence to: ImmunoCAP Total IgE

k964152

# Indications For Use Statements ImmunoCAP Total IgE system

ImmunoCAP Total IgE is an in vitro test system for the quantitative measurement of circulating total IgE in human serum or plasma. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories. ImmunoCAP Total IgE is to be used with the instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 or Phadia 5000.

# ImmunoCAP Total IgE Control LMH

ImmunoCAP Total IgE Control LMH is used for monitoring ImmunoCAP Total IigE measurements performance in Phadia instruments.

# Device Description

# Reagents

ImmunoCAP Total igE reagents and control are modular in concept and are available individually. For a complete listing of reagents needed to perform the ImmunoCAP Total IgE assay, please consult the ImmunoCAP Total IgE Directions for Use.

# Instrument System

Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instruments with associated software process all steps of the assay and calculate results automatically after the assay is completed.

# ImmunoCAP Total IgE, Test Principle

Anti-IgE, covalently coupled to ImmunoCAP, reacts with the total IgE in the patient sample. After washing, enzyme labeled antibodies against IgE are added to form a complex. Following incubation, unbound enzyme-anti-IgE is washed away and the bound complex is then incubated with a developing agent. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence of the eluate is measured. The fluorescence is directly proportional to the concentration of IgE in the sample. The higher the response, the more IgE is present in the sample. To evaluate the test results, the responses for the patient samples are transformed to concentrations with the use of a calibration curve.

# Description of change

Three current Directions for Use have been merged to one assay specific Directions for Use. This is only a change to the format of the Directions for Use for ImmunoCAP Total IgE System, including minor editorial changes.

# Conclusion

The change does not affect the Intended Use / Indications for Use Statement and it does not affect the safety or effectiveness of the ImmunoCAP Total IgE system, as cleared under k964152.

# February 24, 2014

# PHADIA US INC. C/O MR. MARTIN R. MANN SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER 4169 COMMERCIAL AVENUE PORTAGE, MI 49002

Re: k133404 Trade/Device Name: ImmunoCAP Total IgE ImmunoCAP Total IgE Control LMH Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.5510 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, and E immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DGC, JJX Dated: February 4, 2014 Received: February 5, 2014

Dear Mr. Mann:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be fod in he Code  Federal Regulations, Tite rt 800 to 9In dition, FAy publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set

Page 2 - Mr. Martin R. Mann

the qualy ysts (QS) rgulatin (21FR ar 20; anppable, the elec product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://wwiv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# MariaMChan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k133404

Device Name ImmunoCAP Total IgE System

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tme or this collection infoation  estimated toaverag7hours per respons, includi e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain he data needed and coplete and review the collection of information.Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Device Name ImmunoCAP Total IgE Control LMH

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOI

The burden tmeor icollecion nfomation  tated overaghours per sonncude time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."