DIADEXUS, INC.   
C/O LORRY WEAVER HUFFMAN MYRAQA, INC.   
3 LAGOON DR. SUITE 280   
REDWOOD SHORES CA 94065

Re: K141575 Trade/Device Name: PLAC $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Test for Lp-PLA² Activity Lp-PLA² Activity Test Calibrators Lp-PLA² Activity Test Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5600 Regulation Name: Low-density lipoprotein immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NOE, JIT, JJX Dated: October 30, 2014 Received: November 3, 2014

Dear Ms. Lorry Huffman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name PLAC $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity

Indications for Use (Describe) The PLAC $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity is an enzyme assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of Lp-PLA2 (lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2) activity in EDTA-plasma and serum on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. Lp-PLA2 activity is to be used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and patient risk assessment as an aid in predicting risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) in patients with no prior history of cardiovascular events.

The Lp-PLA2 Activity Test Calibrators are intended to establish points of reference that are used in the determination of values in the measurement of Lp-PLA2 activity by the PLAC $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity.

The Lp-PLA2 Activity Test Controls are intended for use as a quality control tool to monitor the performance within the clinical range of the PLAC $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity, an enzyme assay for the quantitative determination of Lp-PLA2 activity

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary - PLAC® Test for $\mathbf { L } \mathbf { p } { \mathbf { - } } \mathbf { P } \mathbf { L } \mathbf { A } _ { 2 }$ Activity

1. Submitter Name: diaDexus, Inc. 349 Oyster Point Blvd. South San Francisco, CA 94080 Contact: Emi Zychlinsky, Ph.D. Telephone: 650-246-6459

# 2. Correspondent/Contact

Lorry Weaver Huffman, Senior Director Myraqa, Inc.   
3 Lagoon Dr., Suite 280   
Redwood Shores, CA 94065   
Phone: 1 (650) 730-5030   
Mobile: 1 (916) 812-3047   
Fax: 1 (916) 638-2647   
E-mail: lorry@myraqa.com

3. Date Prepared: December 05, 2014

# 4. Device Name

Trade Name (Proprietary Name):

Common Name (Usual Name):   
Panel:   
Measurand:   
PLAC® Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity   
Lp-PLA2 Activity Test Calibrators   
Lp-PLA2 Activity Test Controls   
PLAC Activity   
Immunology   
Lipoprotein-Associated Phospholipase ${ \bf A } _ { 2 }$ (Lp  
PLA2)   
EDTA-plasma or serum   
Enzyme activity rate of change using a standard   
curve

Sample Type: Type of Test:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLAC® Test forLp-PLA2 Activity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test, system,immunoassay,lipoprotein-associatedphospholipase A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lp-PLA2 ActivityTest Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators, Secondary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lp-PLA2 ActivityTest Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control Material(assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices: K030477 - PLAC® Test

# 6. Device Description:

The $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { ( R ) } } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity consists of the reagents, $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity Test Calibrators and $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity Test Controls for the measurement of Lp$\mathrm { P L A } _ { 2 }$ activity in EDTA-plasma or serum on automated clinical laboratory analyzers.

$\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ , in plasma or serum, hydrolyzes the sn-2 position of the substrate, 1- myristoyl-2-(4-nitrophenylsuccinyl) phosphatidylcholine, producing a colored reaction product, 4-nitrophenol. The rate of formation of 4-nitrophenol is measured spectrophotometrically for 8.5 minutes and the $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity is calculated from the rate of change in absorbance. A set of five $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ calibrators is used to generate a standard curve fit of change in absorbance versus $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity level in $\mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ from which the sample $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity is derived.

The $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle ( B ) } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity also includes controls. Controls should be included in each run or in accordance with the user’s laboratory’s quality control policies.

# 7. Intended Use:

The $\mathbf { P L A C } ^ { \mathbf {  } }$ Test for $\mathbf { L } \mathbf { p } { \mathbf { - } } \mathbf { P } \mathbf { L } \mathbf { A } _ { 2 }$ Activity is an enzyme assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ (lipoprotein-associated phospholipase $\mathbf { A } _ { 2 } \mathbf { \dot { \Phi } }$ ) activity in EDTA-plasma and serum on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. Lp$\mathrm { P L A } _ { 2 }$ activity is to be used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and patient risk assessment as an aid in predicting risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) in patients with no prior history of cardiovascular events.

The Lp- $\mathbf { \hat { P } L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity Test Calibrators are intended to establish points of reference that are used in the determination of values in the measurement of $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity by the PLAC® Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity.

The $\mathbf { L } \mathbf { p } { \mathbf { - } } \mathbf { P } \mathbf { L } \mathbf { A } _ { 2 }$ Activity Test Controls are intended for use as a quality control tool to monitor the performance within the clinical range of the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle ( \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle B } ) } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity, an enzyme assay for the quantitative determination of Lp-PLA2 activity.

# 8. Summary of Technological Characteristics Compared to the Predicate Device:

The technological characteristics of the predicate device diaDexus $P L A C ^ { \circled { \mathrm { \ B } } }$ Test, 510(k) number K030477, differs in detection method from the device subject of this 510(k), diaDexus $P L A C ^ { \circled { \mathrm { \ B } } }$ Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity. In principle, both assays measure $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ , however the predicate device measures concentration $\mathrm { ( n g / m L ) }$ and the subject assay measures enzymatic activity $\mathrm { ( n m o l / m i n / m L ) }$ ).

The $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity is for in vitro diagnostic use for quantitative determination of $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity. In the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { ( R ) } } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity, Lp$\mathrm { P L A } _ { 2 }$ in plasma or serum, hydrolyzes the sn-2 position of the substrate, 1-myristoyl2-(4-nitrophenylsuccinyl) phosphatidylcholine, producing 4-nitrophenyl succinate. The latter is immediately further hydrolyzed to produce the colored reaction product, 4-nitrophenol. The rate of formation of 4-nitrophenol is measured spectrophotometrically at $4 1 0 \mathrm { n m }$ and the $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity is calculated from the rate of change in absorbance. The predicate $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle ( \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle B } ) } }$ Test is an ELISA immunoassay based on the principle of a sandwich enzyme immunoassay using two specific monoclonal antibodies for the direct measurement of $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ concentration. Absorbance of the colored by-product from the enzymatic turnover of the substrate by the enzyme labeled on the detection antibody is measured spectrophotometrically at $4 5 0 \mathrm { n m }$ and is directly proportional to the concentration of Lp-PLA2 present.

The performance testing provided in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ is sufficient to demonstrate that $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { ( R ) } } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, diaDexus $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Test, K030477. The comparison of assays similarities and differences are shown in Table 1.

Table 1. Comparison of Assays   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Predicate Devices)PLAC® Test (K030477)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Subject Device)PLAC® Test for Lp-PLA2Activity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagEnt KitIntended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PLAC® Test is anenzyme immunoassay for thequantitative determination ofLp-PLA2 (lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2)in human plasma, to be usedin conjunction with clinicalevaluation and patient riskassessment as an aid inpredicting risk for coronaryheart disease.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PLAC® Test for Lp-PLA2Activity is an enzyme assay forthe in vitro quantitativedetermination of Lp-PLA2(lipoprotein-associatedphospholipase A2) activity inEDTA-plasma and serum onautomated clinical chemistryanalyzers. Lp-PLA2 activity isto be used in conjunction withclinical evaluation and patientrisk assessment as an aid inpredicting risk of coronary heartdisease (CHD) in patients withno prior history ofcardiovascular events.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReAgEnt KitClassification Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NOE - Test, system,immunoassay, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CALIBRATORSIntended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PLAC® Test Calibratorsare intended to establishpoints of reference that areused in the determination ofvalues in the measurement ofLp-PLA2 by the PLAC® Test.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lp-PLA2 Activity TestCalibrators are intended toestablish points of referencethat are used in thedetermination of values in themeasurement of Lp-PLA2 bythe PLAC® Test for Lp-PLA2Activity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CALiBRaTORSClassification Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIT - Calibrators, Secondary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlsIntended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lp-PLA2 Controls areintended for use as a qualitycontrol tool to monitor theperformance within theclinical range of the PLAC®Test, an immunoassay for thequantitative determination ofLp-PLA2.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lp-PLA2 Activity TestControls are intended for use asa quality control tool to monitorthe performance within theclinical range of the PLACTest for Lp-PLA2 Activity, anenzyme assay for thequantitative determination ofLp-PLA2 activity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlsClassification Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJX - Enzyme controls(assayed and unassayed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumEDTA plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme immunoassay(ELISA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme kinetics activity rateof change using a standardcurve</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration, ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Activity, nmol/min/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lp-PLA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Lp-PLA2 mAb coatedstripwellsEnzyme conjugate anti-Lp-PLA2 mAb-HRPTMB substrateStop solutionAssay bufferReconstitution bufferSample diluent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1: Buffer• R2: Lp-PLA2 Substrate, 1-myristoyl-2-(4-nitrophenylsuccinyl)phosphatidylcholine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A set of calibrators made withrecombinant Lp-PLA2 proteinin a protein matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A set of calibrators made withrecombinant Lp-PLA2 proteinin a protein buffered matrix</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels recombinant Lp-PLA2 protein in a stabilizingdiluent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample diluent is added to thesample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No sample preparation isrequired</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microtiter plate reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr></table>

# 9. Summary of Non-clinical Performance Testing as Basis for Substantial Equivalence

Studies were conducted to evaluate the performance characteristics of the PLAC® Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity. The studies include precision, analytical sensitivity (limit of detection/limit of the blank/limit of quantitation), linearity, recovery, interfering substances, specimen handling, stability, and matrix comparison.

# Precision

The precision of the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { ( R ) } } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity was evaluated on one Beckman Coulter (Olympus) $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { A U } } 4 0 0 ^ { \circledast }$ Clinical Chemistry Analyzer and three (3) kit lots according to CLSI EP5-A2. Four native plasma samples, kit control low, and kit control high with known amounts of $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity values ranging from 111 to 321 $\mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ were tested with 2 replicates per run, 2 runs per day for 20 days. Total precision CV’s for all kit lots and test samples were $< 3 \%$ .

Table 2 summarizes the results of the precision studies performed for the PLAC® Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity.

Table 2 – Precision Results from Three Kit Lots   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(nmol/min/mL)N=80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptanceCCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitControlLow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitControlHigh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr></table>

PLAC® Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity Traditional 510(k)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(nmol/min/mL)N=80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptanceCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitControlLow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitControlHigh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitControlLow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitControlHigh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>317.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr></table>

\* Total Precision includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variance components

# Analytical Sensitivity

The estimations of the Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were performed according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoB was 0.40 $\mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ , LoD of the assay was estimated to be $0 . 7 4 ~ \mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ and the LoQ was $1 0 \mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ with an allowable CV of $20 \%$ .

# Linearity

Linearity of the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \mathfrak { B } } }$ Test for Lp-PLA2 Activity was assessed on one Beckman Coulter (Olympus) $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { A U } 4 0 0 } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Clinical Chemistry Analyzer according to CLSI EP6-A using 3 kit lots. Several dilution series were prepared from native plasma samples with known high and low $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity levels. In the range of 6 to 382 $\mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ , linear regression of $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity levels resulted in slopes ranging from 0.98 to 1.04, intercepts ranging from -0.4 to $- 0 . 0 3 \mathrm { \ n m o l / m i n / m L }$ and $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 }$ values ranging from 0.995 to 0.999. Linearity was demonstrated from 10 to 382 $\mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ with a deviation from linearity of $\leq 1 0 \%$ .

The measuring range of the assay is determined to be 10 to $3 8 2 ~ \mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ with the low end of the range based on the Limit of Quantitation

# Recovery

Various amounts of a high $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity level solution were added to an enzymefree diluent to create seven activity levels. These spiked solutions were assayed with 3 lots of reagents and the $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity levels were then compared to expected values resulting in slopes ranging from 0.99 to 1.10, Intercepts ranging from -2.9 to $4 . 2 \ \mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ and R2 ranging from 0.997 to 1.000.

# Analytical Specificity

# Endogenous Interferences

The endogenous substances were titrated into four (4) plasma samples with known levels of each endogenous substance and five (5) replicates were tested for each level in a protocol developed according to CLSI EP7-A2. The following common substances, when added to plasma with $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity levels ranging from 85 to $3 1 5 \mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ , met acceptance criteria $90 { - } 1 1 0 \%$ recovery in the measured Lp$\mathrm { P L A } _ { 2 }$ activity level at the following levels:

Table 3 – Endogenous Interfering Substances and Test Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential EndogenousInterfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Concentration MeetingAcceptance Criteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Exogenous Substances

Exogenous substances (common and prescription drugs) were evaluated for interference in the assay following CLSI EP7-A2 guidelines. Four (4) native plasma samples ranging from 101 to $3 1 5 \ \mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ were spiked with two levels of each potential interferent and tested in duplicate. No appreciable interference was observed for the following substances at the spiked levels tested.

Table 4 – Exogenous Interfering Substances and Test Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential ExogenousInterfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Conc.(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Conc.(μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenofibrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lisinopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tolbutamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warfarin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clopidogrel bisulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Handling and Stability

Specimen handling and stability was tested to assure accurate $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity results using plasma, serum and unprocessed whole blood under specified conditions for the PLAC® Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The package insert states the following:

Process blood using standard separation procedures. Whole blood can be kept up to 4 hours at $2 0 { - } 2 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or up to 30 hours at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to separation.

 Following centrifugation:

- Examine for hemolysis. If present, discard sample and re-draw.

Sample can be tested immediately or stored prior to testing under the following conditions:

 24 hours at $2 0 – 2 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$  Up to 2 weeks at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$  Up to 18 months at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ Up to 2 years at $- 7 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$

Plasma and serum samples can be freeze/thawed up to 5 times after freezing at either $- 7 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ or ${ } _ { - 2 0 } \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ .

- When transporting samples, ship samples on cold packs at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$

# Reagent Stability

# Shelf Life $( 2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { o } C )$

Real-Time Stability testing demonstrates a 13-month shelf life for the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle ( \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle B } ) } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity kits. The labeled shelf life for each reagent when stored according to the listed conditions will be 12-months at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ .

# Open Vial Stability $( 2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { o } C )$

Open vial stability testing was established at 16-weeks. The package insert states that opened reagents will be stable for 4-weeks when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . The package insert states that opened calibrators and controls will be stable for 3 months when stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \mathrm { { \circ } C } }$ .

# On-Board Reagent Stability ${ \bf \nabla } _ { 2 { \bf - 8 } } e { \bf - } C$

On-board Reagent Stability testing was established at 6-weeks. The package insert states that reagents stored on-board will be stable for 4-weeks at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ .

# Matrix Comparison

A specimen matrix comparison study was performed using five (5) different blood collection tube matrices with one (1) reagent lot to evaluate suitability with the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { ( R ) } } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity on one Beckman Coulter (Olympus) $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { A U } } 4 0 0 ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Clinical Chemistry Analyzer. The $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ activity values of the samples ranged from 56 to $3 5 7 \mathrm { n m o l / m i n / m L }$ and were tested in singlicate and compared to $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA plasma.

All tube types ( $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA plasma without separator gel, $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA plasma and serum with and without separator gel) were comparable to $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA plasma tube without separator gel.

# 10. Summary of Clinical Testing as Basis for Substantial Equivalence

Three aspects of Lp-PLA2 Activity were evaluated to establish the clinical performance of the assay: 1) Clinical validation in the intended use population; 2) Analysis of $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity values in different ethnic groups; and 3) Clinical utility including benefit/risk of results. The clinical data provides evidence that the PLAC® Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity, used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and patient risk assessment, is an aid in predicting risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) in patients with no prior history of cardiovascular events. Clinical performance of the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \{ ‰} } $ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity was successfully conducted meeting design input requirements and the intended use, and demonstrates that the assay system functions according to design specifications with both plasma and serum on automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

# 11. Conclusions Drawn from Non-clinical and Clinical Tests

Based on the information provided in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ , the $\mathrm { P L A C } ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { ( R ) } } }$ Test for $\mathrm { L } { \mathsf { p } } { \mathsf { - P } } \mathrm { L A } _ { 2 }$ Activity is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The clinical and nonclinical studies demonstrate that the proposed device is as safe, as effective and performs as well as the predicate device per 807.92(b)(3).