# FEB 18 2015

INOVA DIAGNOSTICS, INC.   
C/O ROGER ALBESA   
SUPERVISOR, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 9900 OLD GROVE ROAD   
SAN DIEGO CA 92131-1638

Re: k141274 Trade/Device Name: QUANTA Flash® β2GP1-Domain1 QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 Controls HemosIL $\otimes$ Acustar Anti-β2GPI-Domain 1 HemosIL $\otimes$ Acustar Anti-B2GPI-Domain 1 Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5660 Regulation Name: Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MSV, JJX Dated: January 12, 2015 Received: January 14, 2015

Dear Mr. Albesa,

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of February 13, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either classII (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must coply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Leonthena R. Carrington -A

Leonthena Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director (Acting)   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Offiçe of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K141274

Device Name   
QUANTA Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ B2GP1-Domain1, QUANTA Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ B2GP1-Domain1 Controls, HemosIL $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ AcuStar Anti-B2GPI Domain 1 and HemosIL $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ AcuStar Anti-B2GPI Domain 1 Controls. inaications tor use (Descripe)   
The QUANTA Flash $^ \mathrm { { . } \textregistered }$ B2GP1-Domain1 is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) for the semi-quantitative determination of IgGautoantibodies to2GP1-Domain in human serum. The presence of anti-2GP1- Domain autantibodies is used in conjunction with clinical andother laboratory findings as an aid in the diagnosis antiphospholipid syndrome. The QUANTA Flash $^ \mathrm { { . } \textregistered }$ B2GP1-Domain1 is not intended to replace assays for antibodies aginst the whol G moleculeTesting or antibodies tothe whole G molecule is require according  the classification criteria for antiphospholipid syndrome.

The QUANTA Flash 2GP1-Domain Controls areintended or quality control purposesf the QUANTA Flash 2GP1- Domain1 chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) kit.

The HemosIL $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ AcuStar Anti-B2GPI Domain 1 is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) for the semiquantitativedetermination IgGautoantibodies  2GI Domainnhuman serum. The presenceoant-G D antiphospholipid syndrome. The HemosIL $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ AcuStar Anti-B2GPI Domain 1 is not intended to replace assays for aiis leculTihhlecul to the classification criteria for antiphospholipid syndrome.

The HemoscuStarAnti-2GPIDomainntrols artended r qualiy cntrol puroses  the HemoscuStar Anti-B2GPI Domain 1 chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) kit.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) (ref. K141274) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted i accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitter:

Inova Diagnostics, Inc. 9900 Old Grove Road, San Diego, CA, 92131

# Purpose of submission:

New device(s)

# Devices in the submission:

QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 ControlsHemosIL® AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1HemosIL® AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1 Controls

# Scientific contact:

Roger Albesa, M.S.   
Supervisor of Research and Development Inova Diagnostics, Inc.   
9900 Old Grove Road San Diego, CA 92131 e-mail: ralbesa@inovadx.com   
Tel. (858) 586-9900/1394

# Quality Systems contact:

Ronda Elliott, Vice President, Quality and Regulatory Inova Diagnostics, Inc.   
9900 Old Grove Road, San Diego, CA, 92131   
e-mail: relliott@inovadx.com   
Tel. (858) 586-9900   
Fax: 858-863-0025/1381   
01/9/2015

# Preparation date:

# Device name (assay kit):

Proprietary names: QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1, HemosIL® AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1

Common name: Anti- $\$ 20 P l$ Domain 1 Chemiluminescent immunoassay Classification name: Anti- $\$ 20 P l$ Domain 1 antibody, antigen and control

# Regulation Description

Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system

Regulation Medical Specialty   
Review Panel   
Product Code   
Regulation Number   
Regulation Number   
Device Class   
Predicate device:   
Immunology   
Immunology   
System, Test, Antibodies,B2-Glycoprotein I (B2-GPI) (MSV)   
866.5660 (Reagent Kit)   
862.1660 (Controls)   
2   
QUANTA Lite® β2GPI IgG ELISA, 510(k) number: K970551

# Device description:

The QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 assay is designed to run on the BIO-FLASH® instrument. This platform is a fully automated closed system with continuous load and random access capabilities that autatically processes the samples, runs the assay and reports the results. It includes liquidhanli hardware, luminometer and computer with software-user interface. The QUANTA Flash® B2GP1- Domain1 assay utilizes a reagent cartridge format, which is compatible with the BIO-FLASH instrument.

The assays included in this submission, the QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 marketed by Inova Diagnostics Inc. (9900 Old Grove Road, San Diego, CA 92131) and HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1 marketed by Instrumentation Laboratory (180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730), are equivalent assays. Therefore all data stated hereafter and referred to as: QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 data is equivalently also valid for HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1.

Recombinant B2GP1-Domain1 protein is coated onto paramagnetic beads, which are stored lyophilized in the reagent cartridge. The reagent pack is prepared for use in the BIO-FLASH system by pressing down on the grey lid of the reagent pack to pierce the induction seals on the reagent tubes. Once the sals are broken, the beads are rehydrated by adding the entie contents of the vial of resuspension buff to the ead reagent tube using the transer pipete supplid with the kit.Only the holeabovethe bead reagent tube is acessible at this point. The beads are then mixed with the resuspension buffer by pipetting up and down 30 times. This amount of mixing ensures complete resuspension of the beads. The label covering the remaining three reagent holes is now removed, and the reagent cartridge is then loaded onto the BIO-FLASH instrument. Samples are also loaded onto the instrument in sample racks. A patient serum sample is prediluted 1:10 by the BIO-FLASH with system rinse in a small disposable plastic cuvete. Small amounts of the diluted patint serum, the beads, and assay buffer are all combined into a second cuvette, and mixed. This cuvette is then incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } .$ The beads are magnetized and washed several times. Isoluminol conjugated anti-human IgG antibodies are then added to the cuvette, and again incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ The beads are magnetized and washed repeatedly. The isoluminol conjugate is oxidized when Trigger 1 (Fe(I) coproporphyrin in sodium hydroxide solution) and Triger 2 (urea-hydrogen peroxide in sodium chloride solution) are added to the cuvette, and the flash of light produced from this reaction is measured as Relative Light Units (RLU) by the BIO-FLASH optical system. The RLU are proportional to the amount of isoluminol conjugate that is bound to the human IgG, which is in turn proportional to the amount of anti- 2GP1-Domain1 antibodies bound to the corresponding B2GP1-Domain1 on the beads.

The QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 assay utilizes a predefined lot specific Master Curve that is uploaded onto the instrument through the reagent cartridge barcode. Every new lot number of reagent cartridge must be calibrated before first use, with the QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 Calibrators. Based on the results obtained with the two Calibrators included in the reagent kit, an instrument specific Working Curve is created, which is used to calculate chemiluminescent units (CU) from the instrument signal (RLU) obtained for each sample.

The QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 kit contains the following materials:

One (1) QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Reagent Cartridge, containing the following reagents for 50 determinations:

a. B2GP1-Domain1 antigen coated paramagnetic beads in a suspension.   
b. Assay Buffer - buffer containing protein stabilizers and preservatives.   
C. Tracer IgG - Isoluminol labeled anti-human IgG antibodies in buffer, containing protein stabilizers and preservative.   
d. Resuspension Buffer 3 - buffer containing protein stabilizers and preservatives.   
e. QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Calibrator 1: One (1) barcode labeled tube containing $1 . 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ prediluted, ready to use reagent. Calibrators contain human antibodies to B2GP1-Domain1 in stabilizers and preservatives.   
f. QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Calibrator 2: One (1) barcode labeled tube containing $1 . 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ prediluted, ready to use reagent. Calibrators contain human antibodies to B2GP1-Domain1 in stabilizers and preservatives

The QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 Controls kit contains three vials of Low Control and three vials of High Control.

QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Low Control: Three (3) barcode labeled tubes containing 1.0 mL, ready to use reagent. Controls contain human antibodies to B2GP1-Domain1 in stabilizers and preservatives.   
QUANTA Flash 2GP1-Domain1 High Control: Three (3) barcode labeled tubes containing 1.0 mL, ready to use reagent. Controls contain human antibodies to B2GP1-Domain1 in stabilizers and preservatives.

# Intended use(s):

# QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1

The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) for the semiquantitative determination of IgG autoantibodies to B2GP1-Domain1 in human serum. The presence of anti-2GP1-Domain1 autoantibodies is used in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings as an aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome. The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 is not intended to replace assays for antibodies against the whole 2GP1 molecule. Testing for antibodies to the whole B2GP1 molecule is required according to the classification criteria for antiphospholipid syndrome.

# QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Controls

The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Controls are intended for quality control purposes of the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) kit.

# HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\pmb { \mathrm { B } } _ { 2 } \pmb { \odot } \pmb { \mathsf { P } } \pmb { \mathsf { I } }$ Domain 1

The HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1 is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) for the semi-quantitative determination of IgG autoantibodies to $\mathsf { R } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1 in human serum. The presence of anti- $\mathsf { \cdot B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1 autoantibodies is used in conjunction with clinical and other laboratory findings as an aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome. The HemosIL® AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \mathsf { B } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ Domain 1 is not intended to replace assays for antibodies against the whole $\mathsf { R } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ molecule. Testing for antibodies to the whole $\mathsf { R } _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P } |$ molecule is required according to the classification criteria for antiphospholipid syndrome.

# HemosIL AcuStar Anti- $\cdot \ B _ { 2 } G \bar { P } \mathsf { I }$ Domain 1 Controls

The HemosIL AcuStar Anti-B2GPI Domain 1 Controls are intended for quality control purposes of the HemosIL Anti-B2GPI Domain 1 chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) kit.

Substantial equivalence: The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 and the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain: Controls have a similar intended use and assay principle as the predicate device.

# Comparison to predicate device:

QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 reagent kit   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applicant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Lite® B2 GPI IgG ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 isan   in   vitro  chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CIA) for the semi-quantitative determination of IgGautoantibodies to B2GP1-Domain1 inhuman serum. The presence of anti-B2GP1-Domain1 autoantibodiesisused in conjunction with clinical andother laboratory findings as an aid inthe diagnosis of antiphospholipidsyndrome. The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 is not intended to replaceassays for antibodies against thewhole B2GP1 molecule. Testing forantibodies to the wholeB2GP1molecule is required according to theclassification        criteria        forantiphospholipid syndrome.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Lite® B2 GPI IgG is an enzymelinked immunoassay (ELISA) for thesemi-quantitative detection of  GPIIgG antibodies in human serum. Thepresence of B2 GPI IgG antibodies canbe used in conjunction with clinicalfindings and other laboratory tests toaid in the diagnosis of certainautoimmune  disease thromboticdisorders such as those secondary tosystemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) orother lupus-like thrombotic diseases.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid     phase     (heterogeneous)immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid     phase     (heterogeneous)immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection/Operating principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramagnetic microparticles (beads)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96-well plate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant   domain1   of  B2-Glycoprotein1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>purified B2-Glycoprotein1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoluminol conjugated anti-human IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRP conjugated anti-human IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotspecificMasterCurve+ twoCalibrators (included in kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five lot specific calibrators(Included in the kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 20 CU Negative result≥ 20 CU Positive result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 20 SGU Negative result≥ 20 SGU Positive result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalMeasuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 - 1380.4 CUReportable range = up to 13804.0 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4 - 150.0 SGU</td></tr></table>

QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA  Flash   B2GP1-Domain1Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No separate intended use; calibratorsare part of the kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No separate intended use; calibratorsare part of the kit.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-B2GP1-Domain 1 antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-B2GP1 antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Lite B2 GPI IgG ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent Units (CU)QUANTA FlashArbitrary Units (U/ml)HemosIL AcuStar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SGU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human  serum,  stabilizers,  andpreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human  serum,  stabilizers,  andpreservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physico-chemicalcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, prediluted, ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, prediluted, ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA   Flash   B2GP1-Domain1Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1Controls are intended for qualitycontrol purposes of the QUANTA FlashB2GP1-Domain1   chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CIA) kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No separate intended use; controls arepart of the kit.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-B2GP1-Domain1 antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti- B2GP1- antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA   Flash   B2GP1-Domain1chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Lite B2 GPI IgG ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash (CU)HemosIL AcuStar (U/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SGU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human  serum,stabilizers,andpreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human  serum,  stabilizers,  andpreservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physico-chemicalcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, prediluted, ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (low and high)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (negative and positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td></tr></table>

# Value assignment and traceability of Calibrators and Controls

The QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Calibrators and Controls are manufactured by diluting human serum that contains high titer of anti-2GP1-Domain1 antibodies with antibody stabilizer buffer, containing preservative. The human serum is obtained from commercial sources and it is tested for markers of infectious substances.

The target CU is achieved through trial dilutions on small scale. Once a dilution is selected, the Calibrators and Control are bulke, tested, and adjusted. Upon completionf the manufacur process, the Calibrators and Controls are tested on at least two instruments, on at least two lots of reagent cartridge, in replicates of 10 to determine final value assignment.

There are no international reference standards for anti- B2GP1 IgG. Calibrators and controls are assigned values based on a 20 CU cut-off between positive (high) and negative (low) during assay development.Calibrators are specified in the labeling and supplid with the assay. Control materials re sold separately. The table below summarizes the control and calibrators target values.

List of B2GP1-Domain1 Standards, Calibrators and Controls:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Points on master curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Value (CU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Point 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1380.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ManufacturingTarget Value(CU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td></tr></table>

# Analytical performance characteristics

# Precision

Testing for precision was performed in accordance with CLSI EP5-A2, and analyzed using Analyze-it which is based on CLSI EP5 1 & 2. 8 Samples were selected to cover the analytical measuring range of the assay, including samples around the medical decision point. Patients were run using duplicate alot, twice a day, r 20 days.Controls were un as quality control durigeach runA working urve was generated using calibrators prior to run 1 on day 1. Total $\% \subset \mathsf { V }$ values were within the acceptance limit, $1 5 \%$ .

Precision study QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 according to the CLSI EP5-A2 guideline   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>QUANTA Flash 2GP1-Domain1 Precision Study Decision Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>538.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>947.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td></tr></table>

Summary of Precision study QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1, according to the CLSI EP5-A2 guideline   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B2GP1-Domain1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6-8.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6-10.6%</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD)

The LoD of the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 assay is 1296 RLU, which is below the analytical measuring range of the assay. It was determined consistent with CLSI EP17-A guideline with proportions of false positives (alpha) less than $5 \%$ and false negatives (beta) less than $5 \%$ ; based on 264 determinations, with 144 measurements on blank samples and 120 measurements of low level samples. The LoB is 425.7 RLU.

# Analytical Measuring Range (AMR)

3.6 CU - 1380.4 CU

The AMR is defined by the values of the lowest and highest Master Curve Standards.

# Auto-rerun function and reportable results

TheBIO-FLASH softwarehas Auto-eru option availabl. I thisoption is electe the strumt will automatically rerun any sample that has a result of result ${ > } 1 3 8 0 . 4 $ CU by further diluting it by a factor specfied in the assay definition file (10 fold), thereby bringing the measured value within the AMR. The fa eult will alclatebetwar takcnt edial u acAse highest value that can be measured is 1380.4 CU, the highest value that can be reported is 13804 CU.

To validate the Auto-rerun function, three high positive specimens with results above the analytical measuring range were selected. The samples were run with the Auto-rerun function enabled on the BIOFLASH. Then the specimens were manually diluted the same way as it happens in the Auto-rerun function (10 fold), and tested on the BIO-FLASH. The results were within the analytical measuring range after auto-rerun or manual dilution for all specimens. The $\%$ recovery values for results obtained with the auto-rerun results compared to the results obtained by manual dilution were between $91 . 9 \%$ and $9 9 \%$ (average $94 \%$ and are within the $\pm 2 0 \%$ acceptance limit.

# High concentration hook effect

To assess hook effect, the measurement signal (relative light units, RLU) was examined for the above mentioned four high positive specimens, before and after automatic or manual dilution. All sera produced significantly higher RLU values (above the AMR) when used "as is" compared to the manually or automatically diluted ones, thereby confirming that high positive specimens above the analytical measuring range do not show hook effect up to 435,000 RLU.

# Linearity

The linearity of the AMR was evaluated by a study according to CLSI EP6-A, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. Five serum samples with various 2GP1-Domain1 antibody concentrations were diluted with assay buffer to obtain values that cover the AMR. Percent recovery for all 100 data points ranged from $8 3 . 9 \%$ to $1 1 3 . 9 \%$ , or less than Al speehowdilun eardivall neb dta ylde eoll results with linear regression:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Range (CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B2GP1-Domain1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 1640.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (0.99 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.18 (-9.20 to 2.83)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9-113.9%</td></tr></table>

# Interference

Interfering substances were spiked into every specimen at three different concentrations in $10 \%$ of total specimen volume, and the resulting samples were assessed in triplicates with the B2GP1-Domain1 assay. Recovery of the unit values was calculated compared to control samples spiked with the same volume of diluents $10 \%$ of total). Acceptance criteria for the interference studies were $8 5 \% - 1 1 5 \%$ recovery, or $\pm 4$ CU difference, whichever is greater.

No interference was detected with bilirubin up to $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (recovery: $9 2 . 9 \%$ to $9 7 . 6 \%$ , hemoglobin up to $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (recovery: $9 5 . 6 \%$ to $9 7 . 2 \% ]$ , triglycerides up to $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ (recovery: $9 2 . 5 \%$ to $100 \%$ _ cholesterol up to $2 2 4 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (recovery: $9 2 . 5 \%$ to $100 \%$ , and RF IgM up to $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { | U / m L }$ (recovery: $8 6 . 2 \%$ to $9 8 . 3 \% \rvert$ .

# Cross-reactivity

A potential cross-reactivity of the QUANTA Flash B2GP1 Domain1 CIA with other autoantibodies was evaluated with 111 clinical samples with unknown disease states, most having high levels of various other autoantibodies. These samples were tested for various autoantibodies using other QuANTA Flash immunoassays: Sm, RNP, SS-A/Ro60, Ro52, SS-B, Jo-1, Scl-70, CENP, Ribosomal P, DFS70 and the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 CIA. These are autoantibodies found in individuals with autoimmune diseases such as SLE, Sjögren's Syndrome, scleroderma, and polymyositis patients. All except for two samples were negative for QUANTA Flash B2GP1 Domain1 CIA.

Fisher test revealed no significant association between the other positive reactivities and Domain1. This verified that there is no significant cross-reactivity on the QUANTA Flash B2GP1 Domain1 CIA.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples tested = 111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Positives (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Domain1 Positives (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (5.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (9.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ro60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (9.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ro52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (18.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SSB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (7.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scl-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 (22.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CENP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ribosomal P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (4.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DFS70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (4.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr></table>

# Stability

# Shelf life

To establish the initial claim for shelf le, accelerated stability studies were performed for 4 weeks at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$

Accelerated stability testing was performed on each of the following sealed components of the QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 to establish initial stability claim:

QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 Reagent Kit (1 Lot)

B2GP1-Domain1 beads

Resuspension Buffer

Calibrators 1 and 2

Low and High controls (3 Lots)

Each week a new sealed component was placed in the incubator, and all components were tested at the end of the experiment together with the one that was stored at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } } .$ The recovery of the measured values was calculated for each time point (compared to those obtained with $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ stored reagent). All calculations were performed by comparing results of sealed components stored at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ (control) to those stored at $3 7 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ (test) for 1, 2, 3, and 4 weeks, where one week is equal to six months at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ . Linear regression analysis was performed between recovery values and the number of days.

Acceptance criteria for one year preliminary expiration dating were:

-Microparticles (beads), Resuspension Buffer, and Reagent Kit:   
With regression analysis, the lower $9 5 \%$ CI interval of the regression line is $\ge 8 5 \%$ at 2 weeks, and no individual data point has $\leq 7 5 \%$ recovery at 2 weeks.

- Controls and Calibrators:

With regression analysis, the lower $9 5 \%$ CI interval of the regression line is $\geq 9 0 \%$ at 2 weeks, and nc individual data point has $\leq 8 0 \%$ recovery at 2 weeks.

All components tested fulfilled the acceptance criteria above, so one year expiration dating was assigned to each component

# In-use (onboard) stability

Calibrators

During assessing on-board stability, Calibrators were placed, uncapped, onboard the instrument, and calibration was performed altogether five times, then a panel of characterized patient specimens were run on each calibration curve.

Actanc it weralirators conserstabl llivcalations perorm n 8. hour period are successful, and Calibrator average RLU recovery values are between $90 \%$ and $110 \%$ compared to the first use.

A total of 5 successful calibrations were performed over an 8.5 hour period. Calibrator RLU values remained within the $9 0 { - } 1 1 0 \%$ range. Moreover, all characterized patient samples ran within their expected range. This supports the claim that calibrators can be used for up to 4 calibrations over an 8 hour period.

# Controls

During assessing on-board stability, Low and high Controls were assayed for a total of 20 runs, over 9 days. The controls were left uncapped, onboard the instrument for 15 minutes per run. When not in use, the controls were capped, and stored at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for at least 2 hours between runs.

Acceptance criteria: Controls are considered stable when all replicates run within their established range, moreover, the linear regression line obtained by plotting %recovery values against the number of runs stays between $85 \%$ and $11 5 \%$ at run 15.

Low and high controls ran within their respective acceptable range for all0 runs. The linear regression line obtained by plotting %recovery values against the number of runs was within $85 \%$ and $1 1 5 \%$ at run 15 for both Controls. The controls were given a maximum of 15 uses with a maximum of 10 minutes onboard per use.

# Reagent Cartridge

To determine the in-use stability of the QUANTA Flash® B2GP1-Domain1 reagent cartridge, four serum specimens (with different reactivity levels) along with the Low and high Control were tested. The specimens were tested periodically for 64 days. Recoveries were calculated compared to the day zero average values, and linear regression analysis was performed. The claim was established using the following criteria (using the one that is fulfilled first):

a) The stability claim is established at the day where the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of the regression line reaches $8 5 \%$ or $1 1 5 \%$ recovery, or b) When 2 data points or $22 \%$ of the recovery data (whichever is greater) is $\leq 7 5 \%$ or $\geq 1 2 5 \%$ .

Theonboard study was ended at 64 days, where all three lots of Reagent Cartridge tested stil fulfill the acceptance criteria. The in-use (onboard) stability of the reagent cartridge was set at 60 days.

# Cut-off, reference range

The reference population for establishing the reference interval for the B2GP1-Domain1 assay consistec of 30 subjects:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apparently healthy blood donors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral hepatitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Lupus erythematosus (withouthistory of thrombotic events)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syphilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

All specimens were the same matrix as specified in the Intended Use. All specimens were unaltered. The cut-of was established using Analyse-it or Excel, to ensure optimal differentiation between negatives and positives, and found at 7880 RLU. This point was defined as 20 CU. A result below 20 CU is considered negative, and equal or greater than ${ 2 0 } \subset \ U$ is considered positive.

# Clinical sensitivity, specificity

A separate set of samples, none of which were used in establishing the reference range, was used to validate the clinical performance of the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 CIA. A total of 1090 samples were included in the Validation Set for the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1. This Validation Set includes:

• 270 samples from APS patients   
• 71 infectious disease samples (40 syphilis, 10 HCV, 21 HBV)   
• 104 samples from Crohn's Disease (CD) patients   
• 94 samples from Ulcerative Colitis (UC) patients   
• 127 samples from autoimmune scleroderma patients   
• 168 samples from patients with rheumatoid arthritis   
• 49 samples from patients with osteoarthritis   
• 24 samples from patients with other diseases (Polymyalgia Rheumatica, Degenerative Spine Disease) 183 samples from different conditions "without $\mathsf { A P S } ^ { \prime \prime }$ (Pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, fetal loss, systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), thrombosis and atopic dermatitis)

Clinical sensitivity and specificity for APS $\scriptstyle ( 1 n = 2 7 0 )$ using the control population $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 8 2 0 )$ is calculated in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Cohort 1 (n=938)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Percent Agreement(95% confidence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not APS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash®Domain 1 CIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity = 51.1% (45.0-57.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>817</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity = 99.6% (98.9-99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>820</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1090</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

To assess diagnostic efficiency, ROC analysis was performed on the validation sample pool for APS. The results are below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Area</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1(CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81 to 0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.0001</td></tr></table>

# Expected values

The expected value in the normal population is "negative". Anti- B2GP1-Domain1 antibody levels were analyzed in a cohort of 400 apparently healthy blood donors (191 females, ages 17 to 60 years, average age 32.2 years, and 209 males ages 17 to 60 years, average age 34.7 years) using the QuANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1. This patient population was different from the one that was used to establish the cutoff, and was only used to validate the cutoff. With a cut-off of 20 CU, one sample $( 0 . 2 \% )$ was positive (34.2 CU) on the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1. The mean concentration was 3.8 CU, and the values ranged from $< 3 . 6$ to 34.2 CU.

# Comparison with predicate device

Of the samples tested in the validation set, 238 samples, within the analytical measuring range of the QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 CIA were tested also by the QUANTA Lite $\beta _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P l }$ IgG ELISA. 129 samples were positive by QUANTA Flash B2GP1-Domain1 CIA, 111 samples were positive by QUANTA Lite $\beta _ { 2 } \mathsf { G P l }$ IgG ELISA. The positive, negative, and total agreements were $9 1 . 0 \%$ $78 . 0 \%$ and $8 4 . 0 \%$ respectively. The seroreactivity of 22 sera in an area $\pm 5 \mathsf { C U }$ of the cut off, the calculated positive, negative, and total agreements were $8 0 . 0 \%$ , $8 2 . 4 \%$ and $8 1 . 8 \%$ respectively.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All (n=238)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QUANTA Lite β2GPI IgG ELISA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Percent Agreement (95% confidence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>QUANTA FlashB2GP1-Domain1 CIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos. Agree = 91.0% (84.1-95.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg. Agree = 78.0% (69.7-84.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agree = 84.0% (78.7-88.4%)</td></tr></table>