QUALIGEN, INC.   
MICHAEL POIRIER   
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CSO/CTO 2042 CORTE DEL NOGAL   
CARLSBAD CA 92011

Re: K141689 Trade/Device Name: Fastpack High Sensitivity C-reactive Protein Immunoassay Fastpack High Sensitivity C-reactive Protein Calibrator Kit Fastpack High Sensitivity C-reactive Protein Controls, Fastpack High Sensitivity C-reactive Protein Method Verification Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5270 Regulation Name: C-reactive protein immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DCK, JIT, JJX Dated: December 15, 2014 Received: December 18, 2014

Dear Mr. Poirier:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K141689

Device Name FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay, FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Calibrator Kit, FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Controls, FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Method Verification Kit

Indications for Use (Describe)

FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay is to be used for evaluation of conditions thought to be associated with inflammation, in otherwise healthy individuals. The FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay is intended for use with the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Analyzer. Not intended for Point-of-Care use.

FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Calibrators are used for calibrating the quantitative FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay on the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Analyzer.

Fsck HSvyR oC us alosck H Sn Reactive Protein Immunoassay on the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Analyzer.

FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hig Sensitiviy CReactive ProteVerifirs areused inthe quantiative verification calibration an asy range of the quantitative FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay on the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Analyzer.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

T ur  ollnatntatvor ps tme  reviw instructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain he data needed and coplete and review the collection nformation.Sen comments regarding his burden estimate oranyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) SUMMARY

# REVISED 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# 510(k) Number: K141689

# Submitter:

Qualigen, Inc. 2042 Corte Del Nogal, Suite B Carlsbad, CA 92009

Telephone: (760) 918-9165   
Facsimile: (760) 918-9127

# Contact Person:

Mr. Michael Poirier   
Senior Vice President, Chief Scientific & Technical Officer   
Telephone: (760) 918-9165 x227   
Facsimile: (760) 918-9127   
Email: mpoirier@qualigeninc.com

# Device Identification

Trade Names: FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Calibrator Kit FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Controls FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Method Verification Kit

Common Names: C-reactive protein Assay C-reactive protein Calibrator C-reactive protein Controls C-reactive protein Verifiers

Classification names: Immunological Test Systems Calibrator Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)

Classifications: Class II (assay)

Revised 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

Class II (calibrators) Class I, reserved (controls) Class I, reserved (verifiers)

Panel: Chemistry (75)

Product Codes: DCK - C-Reactive Protein, Antigen, Antiserum JIT - Calibrator, Secondary JJX - Quality control material (Assayed and Unassayed)

Regulation Numbers: 21 CFR $\$ 866.5270- C$ -reactive protein immunological test system 21 CFR § 862.1150 - Calibrator 21 CFR $\$ 862.1660$ - Quality control material (Assayed and Unassayed)

# Devices to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Olympus CRP Latex reagent Olympus America, Inc.   
3500 Corporate Parkway   
PO Box 610   
Center Valley, PA   
K051564   
Liquichek™ Cardiac Markers Plus Control   
Bio-Rad Laboratories   
4000 Alfred Nobel Drive   
Hercules, CA 94547   
K050537 VITROS Chemistry Products hsCRP Performance Verifier I, II, and III Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc.   
100 Indigo Creek Drive   
Rochester, NY 14626-5101   
K041799

# Device Description

The FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay employs a Sandwich immunoassay principle. Endogenous CRP in a patient sample, calibrator, control, or verifier is dispensed into a FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent pack. In the reagent pack, the sample binds with a monoclonal anti-CRP antibody covalently linked to alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and a different monoclonal anti-CRP antibody linked to biotin. After incubation, immunoreacted complex (Monoclonal anti-CRP antibody-ALP conjugate and anti-CRP antibody linked to biotin reacted with CRP in the sample) is mixed with streptavidin coated paramagnetic particles. After washing steps (using a Tris buffer containing detergents) to separate bound from unbound anti-CRP monoclonal antibody-ALP, a chemiluminogenic substrate mixture is added to the system. This mixture contains indoxyl-3-phosphate, a substrate for ALP, and lucigenin (N,N’-dimethyl- $^ { 9 , 9 ^ { , } }$ -biacridinium dinitrate). ALP dephosphorylates indoxyl-3-phosphate to indol-3-ol, which subsequently undergoes oxidation. As a result, lucigenin is reduced to form a dioxetane structure that is cleaved to yield Nmethylacridone. This compound produces a sustained luminescent glow following excitation. The raw relative luminescence units (RLUs) generated are measured by a photomultiplier tube in the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Analyzer and are directly proportional to the concentration of CRP in the sample. The entire reaction sequence takes place at $3 7 \pm$ $0 . 5 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and is protected from external light.

# Intended Use

FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay is to be used for evaluation of conditions thought to be associated with inflammation, in otherwise healthy individuals. The FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay is intended for use with the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Analyzer. Not intended for Point-of-Care use.

FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Calibrators are used for calibrating the quantitative FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay on the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Analyzer.

FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Controls are used for quality control of the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay on the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Analyzer.

FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Verifiers are used in the quantitative verification of calibration and assay range of the quantitative FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay on the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Analyzer.

Comparison of new device to predicate devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualigen FastPack® HighSensitivity C-Reactive ProteinImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus America, Inc. CRPLatex reagentK051564</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FastPack® High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay isto be used for evaluation ofconditions thought to be associatedwith inflammation, in otherwisehealthy individuals. TheFastPack® High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay isintended for use with theFastPack® Analyzer. Not intendedfor Point-of-Care use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus System Reagent andcalibrators for the quantitativedetermination of C-ReactiveProtein on OLYMPUSAnalyzers. Measurement ofCRP is useful for the detectionand evaluation of infection,tissue injury, inflammatorydisorders, and associateddiseases. Measurements mayalso be used as an aid in theidentification of individuals atrisk of future cardiovasculardisease. High sensitivity CRP(hsCRP) measurements, whenused in conjunction withtraditional clinical laboratoryevaluation of acute coronarysyndromes, may be useful as anindependent marker of prognosisfor recurrent events, in patientswith stable coronary disease oracute coronary syndromes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma   (EDTA orlithium heparin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard processing for serum orplasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation ofResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard Curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision (% CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run: ≤ 1.0%Between-run: ≤ 5.2%Total: ≤ 9.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run: ≤ 3.2%Total: ≤ 3.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear from 0.2 to 15.0 mg/Lin High Sensitivity Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear from 0.2 - 160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferingSubstances/Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference from high levels ofconjugated bilirubin, unconjugatedbilirubin,               hemoglobin,triglycerides,    human    serumalbumin,     L-ascorbic    acid,oxaloacetic  acid, glutathione,isoniazid,  and L-DOPA;nointerference   from  rheumatoid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference from high levelsof bilirubin, hemoglobin, andtriglycerides</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">factor, human anti-mouse IgG, andtransferrin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparative Testing vsEstablished Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FastPack® vs. Olympus AU2700N = 131Range of observations:0.21 to 15.0 mg/LDeming regression:Slope (95% CI): 0.98 (0.95-1.02)y (95% CI): -0.12 (-0.23 to 0.00)R (95% CI) = 0.99 (0.99-0.99)Sy|x = 0.629</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU400 vs. AU640N = 109Range of observations:0.28-147.2 mg/LDeming regression:Slope = 1.025y = -0.022R = 0.999</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedValues/ReferenceIntervals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 - 11.4 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cardiac risk assessmentcategories:Low &lt; 1 mg/LAverage 1.0 to 3.0 mg/LHigh &gt; 3.0 mg/L</td></tr></table>

Differences between FastPack® and Olympus High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Assays   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualigen FastPack®High-Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus America, Inc. CRPLatex reagentK051564</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The FastPack® High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescent immunoassayemploying specific monoclonalantibodies.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Olympus CRP Latex reagentis a turbidimetric assayemploying rabbit antibodiescoated on latex particles.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbidimetry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximate assaytime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 15.0 mg/L in High SensitivityApplication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 160 mg/L (providesmeasurements both for &quot;NormalApplication&quot; and &quot;HighlySensitive Application&quot;)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the ERM-DA474/IFCC reference whichserves as the Primary ReferenceMaterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;...traceable to an externalstandard.&quot; (K051564 510(k)Decision Summary)</td></tr></table>

Similarities between FastPack® and Olympus CRP Calibrators   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualigen FastPack®High-Sensitivity C-Reactive ProteinImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus America, Inc. CRPLatex reagentK051564</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in-vitro diagnosticuse in calibratingFastPack® High-Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus System Reagent andcalibrators for the quantitativedetermination of C-ReactiveProtein on Olympus Analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen used in calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid human serummatrix containing apredetermined level ofhuman CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid human serum matrixcontaining predetermined levels ofhuman CRP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Differences between FastPack® and Olympus CRP Calibrators   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualigen FastPack®High-Sensitivity C-Reactive ProteinImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus America, Inc. CRPLatex reagentK051564</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (additional calibrators providedat higher concentrations to enableCRP measurements in the &quot;NormalApplication&quot;)</td></tr></table>

Similarities between FastPack® and Predicate Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualigen FastPack®High-Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad LaboratoriesLiquichekT CardiacMarkers Plus ControlK050537</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in-vitro diagnostic use tomonitor the precision andaccuracy of the FastPack®High-Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein Immunoassay on theFastPack® Analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek CardiacMarkers Plus Control areintended for use as qualitycontrol serum to monitorthe precision of laboratorytesting procedures listing inthe package insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen used in controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B-type Natriuretic Peptide,Creatine Kinase (Total), C-Reactive Protein,Homocysteine, Digitoxin,N-terminal pro-B-typeNatriuretic Peptide, CK-MB, Myoglobin, TroponinI, Troponin T</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid human serum matrixcontaining a predeterminedlevel of human CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prepared from humanserum with addedconstituents of human andanimal origin,preservatives, andstabilizers. The controls arein liquid form.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C (Opened), or -20 to -70 °C (Unopened)</td></tr></table>

Differences between FastPack® and Predicate Controls   

<table><tr><td>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td>Qualigen FastPack® High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay</td><td>Bio-Rad Laboratories Liquichek™ Cardiac Markers Plus Control K050537</td></tr><tr><td>Number of levels</td><td>2</td><td>3</td></tr></table>

Similarities between FastPack® CRP Verifiers and Predicate Verifiers   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualigen FastPack®High-Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ortho-ClinicalDiagnostics, Inc. VITROChemistry ProductshsCRP PerformanceVerifier, I, II, and IIIK041799</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the quantitativeverification of calibration andassay range of the quantitativeFastPack® High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassayon the FastPack® Analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITROS hsCRPPerformance Verifiers areassayed controls to monitorperformance of hsCRPReagent on VITROS 5,1 FSChemistry Systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Verifier: HEPES bufferwith Bovine Serum Albumin(BSA) and Detergent(Cremophor A25)Mid and High Verifiers: Liquidhuman serum matrix containinga predetermined level of humanCRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A base matrix of humanplasma proteins to whichstabilizers and preservativehave been added.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Precision

Precision was evaluated following the CLSI EP5-A2 guidance. Six serum patient samples with concentrations of ${ \sim } 0 . 5$ , 1.0, 2.0, 5.0, 7.5, and $1 2 . 5 \mathrm { m g / L }$ CRP were tested in duplicate determinations in each of two runs per day on each of two FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent lots, two FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Analyzers per reagent lot, over a period of 20 days to yield 320 replicate determinations of each sample. A single FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ calibrator lot was utilized for all runs. Within-run, between-run, between-day, and residual components of variation were calculated as well as total imprecision using a general linear model. The table below presents the results:

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run</td><td>Between-Run</td><td colspan="2">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2">Residual</td><td colspan="2">Total</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Overall Mean</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Sample 1</td><td>0.38</td><td>0.002</td><td>0.53</td><td>0.014 3.68</td><td>0.005</td><td>1.32</td><td>0.029</td><td>7.74</td><td>0.033</td><td>8.68</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Sample 2</td><td>1.00</td><td>0.004</td><td>0.43</td><td>0.038 3.80</td><td>0.013</td><td>1.30</td><td>0.077</td><td>7.71</td><td>0.087</td><td>8.70</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Sample 3</td><td>2.06</td><td>0.008</td><td>0.39</td><td>0.071 3.45</td><td>0.030</td><td>1.46</td><td>0.162</td><td>7.89</td><td>0.180</td><td>8.74</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Sample 4</td><td>5.01</td><td>0.023</td><td>0.46</td><td>0.206 4.11</td><td>0.073</td><td>1.46</td><td>0.288</td><td>5.74</td><td>0.362</td><td>7.23</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Sample 5</td><td>7.67</td><td>0.035</td><td>0.46</td><td>0.314 4.09</td><td>0.111</td><td>1.45</td><td>0.596</td><td>7.78</td><td>0.684</td><td>8.92</td></tr><tr><td>Serum Sample 6</td><td>12.54</td><td>0.073</td><td>0.58</td><td>0.649 5.18</td><td>0.230</td><td>1.83</td><td>0.843</td><td>6.72</td><td>1.091</td><td>8.70</td></tr></table>

# Limits of blank, detection, and quantitation

The Limit of Blank (LOB), the Limit of Detection (LOD), and the Limit of Quantitation (LOQ) of the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay were determined according to CLSI EP17-A: Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation. The following are the limits determined:

$\mathrm { L O B } = 0 . 0 0 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ $\mathrm { L O D } = 0 . 0 3 2 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ $\mathrm { L O Q } = 0 . 0 6 3 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$

# Linearity

Linearity was determined following CLSI EP6-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: a Statistical Approach: Approved Guideline. A high patient sample was intermixed with a low sample to generate 8 concentration levels each tested in triplicate determinations. Linear results were compared to $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ and $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ order polynomial fits against a pre-specified allowable error. The linearity range was found to extend from the LOQ $( 0 . 0 6 3 ~ \mathrm { m g / L } )$ to $1 5 . 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ . Samples recovering above the range may be diluted using Sample Diluent A.

# Interferences

The following substances normally present in blood were tested and found not to interfere in the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay at the noted concentrations:

Bilirubin (conjugated) Tested to $4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Bilirubin (unconjugated) Tested to $4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Hemoglobin Tested to $7 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Lipids Tested to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Human serum albumin Tested to ${ 7 . 7 } \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { d L }$ Transferrin Tested to $5 6 7 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Human IgG Tested to $2 9 6 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$

The following exogenous substances potentially present in blood were tested and found not to interfere in the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay at the noted concentrations:

L-ascorbic acid Tested to $2 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Oxaloacetic acid Tested to $3 0 0 \mu \mathrm { M }$ Glutathione Tested to $3 0 0 \mu \mathrm { M }$ Isoniazid Tested to $3 0 0 \mu \mathrm { M }$ L-DOPA Tested to $3 0 0 \mu \mathrm { M }$

# Cross-reactivity

Rheumatoid factor at up to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { U / m L }$ and human anti-mouse IgG at up to $4 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ do not cross-react in the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay. Additionally, heterophile samples with activity up to $3 6 4 1 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ do not interfere in the assay.

# Serum and plasma equivalence

Blood collections were obtained from 41 volunteers and processed in parallel to serum, EDTA plasma, and lithium-heparin plasma. Measurements in FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay were compared via Deming regression and indicated equivalence between the three matrices.

# Serum versus EDTA plasma

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N compared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of observations, mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum: 0.33  14.72EDTA Plasma: 0.29 - 14.76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute bias, mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.225</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Deming regression results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.967</td></tr></table>

Serum versus lithium-heparin plasma   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N compared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of observations, mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum: 0.33 - 14.72Lithium-Heparin Plasma: 0.31  14.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute bias, mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Deming regression results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.986</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values/Reference Intervals

A reference interval study employing serum samples from 211 subjects representing 4 different geographic regions of the United States yielded the results in the table below. The non-parametric $2 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } } - 9 7 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile of $0 . 2 \textrm { - } 1 1 . 4 \ : \mathrm { m g / L }$ provides the reference interval determined from this study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Observed values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 (3.1) mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median (Min - Max)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 (0.2 - 13.1) mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5th - 97.5th percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 11.4 mg/L</td></tr></table>

Newborns with no evidence of infection have CRP concentrations of $< 2 \mathrm { m g / L }$ (Soldin OP, Bierbower LH, Choi JJ, et al. Serum iron, ferritin, transferrin, total iron binding capacity, hs-CRP, LDL cholesterol and magnesium in children; new reference intervals using the Dade Dimension Clinical Chemistry System; Clin Chim Acta 2004;342:211-7.).

# Method Comparison

Human serum samples were tested with the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay and the obtained results were compared to the predicate method. A total of 131 samples ranging from 0.21 to $1 5 . 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ were tested in both assays. The FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay correlated well with the predicate method with correlation coefficient (R) of 0.99, slope $= 0 . 9 8$ , and y-intercept $=$ - $\mathbf { \cdot 0 . 1 2 \ m g / L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.95-1.02)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.12 (-0.23 to 0.00)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.99 - 0.99)</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY

The information provided in this pre-market notification indicates that the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the stated predicate device. The information further indicates that the FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein Immunoassay is safe and effective for its stated intended use.