BECKMAN COULTER IRELAND, INC.ANNE-MARIE SHINE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALISTLISMEEHAN, O'CALLAGHANS MILLSCO. CLARE, IRELAND

Re: K142346 Trade/Device Name: Urine/CSF Albumin and Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5040 Regulation Name: Albumin immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DCF, JIT Dated: August 20, 2014 Received: August 22, 2014

Dear Ms. Anne-Marie Shine:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K142346

Device Name Urine/CSF Albumin and Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator

The Urine/CSF Albumin reagent is intended to be used for the quantitation of albumin concentration in human urine and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) on the Beckman Coulter AU clinical chemistry systems as an aid in the diagnosis of kidney diseases. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Urine/CSF Albumin calibrator is intended to be used to calibrate the Urine/CSF Albumin reagent on the Beckman Coulter AU clinical chemistry systems. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Urine/CSF Albumin and Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Anne-Marie Shine   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Beckman Coulter Ireland Inc., Lismeehan,   
O’Callaghan’s Mills,   
Co. Clare,   
Ireland.   
Phone: +353-65-683-1138   
FAX: $\yen 353$ -65-683-1122   
email: amshine@beckman.com

2.0 Date Prepared: $2 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ August 2014

# 3.0 Device Identifications

Proprietary Name: Urine/CSF Albumin and Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator   
Common Name: Urine/CSF Albumin and Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator   
Classification: Class II (Limitations tripped)/Class II   
Product Codes: DCF and JIS   
Regulation Number: 21CFR 866.5040/862.1150

# 4.0 Predicate Devices

Urine Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine/CSF Albumin,Model Nos.B38858B46435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYNCHRON® SystemsMicroalbumin (MA) Reagent,Model No. 475100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K082251</td></tr></table>

CSF Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine/CSF Albumin,Model Nos.B38858B46435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMAGE ImmunochemistrySystem Albumin (ALB) Reagent,Model No. 447600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter, Inc.(Previously BeckmanInstruments, Inc.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K964695</td></tr></table>

Calibrator Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine/CSF AlbuminCalibrator,Model No.B38859</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYNCHRON® SystemsMicroalbumin (MA) Calibrator,Model No. 475089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K000331</td></tr></table>

Urine/CSF Albumin and Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator are substantially equivalent to the Beckman Coulter, Inc. predicate products listed above currently in commercial distribution.

# 5.0 Description

The Urine/CSF Albumin reagent kit is in a liquid, ready to use format. There are two kit concepts available. Each kit concept contains an R1 and an R2 reagent vial with different fill volumes. The Urine/CSF Albumin calibrator kit is in a liquid, ready to use format and contains $5 \times 2 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ calibrator levels. It is packaged and sold separately to the reagent kit. Urine/CSF Albumin reagent is used to measure albumin concentration by a turbidimetric method. In the reaction, anti-human serum albumin antibodies combine with albumin from the sample to form immune complexes that scatter light in proportion to their size, shape and concentration. The absorbance of these aggregates is proportional to the albumin concentration in the sample. Change in absorbance is measured at 380nm with subtraction of a reference wavelength at 800nm. The Urine/CSF Albumin reagent and calibrator is designed for optimal performance on Beckman Coulter AU clinical chemistry analyzers.

The calibrator is manufactured from human material; therefore it should be handled as though capable of transmitting infectious disease. Each serum or plasma donor unit used in the preparation of this material was tested by United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved methods and found to be negative for the antibodies to HIV and HCV and nonreactive for ${ \mathsf { H B } } { \mathsf { s A g } }$ . Because no test method can offer complete assurance that HIV, hepatitis B virus, and hepatitis C virus or other infectious agents are absent, this material and all patient samples should be handled as though capable of transmitting infectious disease. This product may also contain other human source material for which there is no approved test. The FDA recommends such samples be handled as specified in the Centers for Disease Control’s Biosafety Level 2 guidelines.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Urine/CSF Albumin

The Urine/CSF Albumin reagent is intended to be used for the quantitation of albumin concentration in human urine and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) on the Beckman Coulter AU clinical chemistry systems as an aid in the diagnosis of kidney diseases. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator

The Urine/CSF Albumin calibrator is intended to be used to calibrate the Urine/CSF Albumin reagent on the Beckman Coulter AU clinical chemistry systems. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate(s)

Urine/CSF Albumin claims to be substantially equivalent to the predicate identified in section 4. The following tables show similarities and differences between the reagent predicates and proposed device.

# Urine Application

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed New System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary andEstablishedNames</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON Systems Microalbumin (MA)Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine/CSF Albumin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MA reagent, when used in conjunction withUniCel® DxC 600/800 System(s) andSYNCHRON® Systems MA Calibrator isintended for quantitative determination ofAlbumin concentration in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameThe Urine/CSF Albumin reagent isintended to be used for thequantitation of albuminconcentration in human urine.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turbidimetric Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentMaterial:Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody specific for human albumin (goatpolyclonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentMaterial: Buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phosphate buffer with PEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent On-Board Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentStorage/ ClosedShelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecisionWithin Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 5.4% CV or 0.125 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar≤ 5% CV or 0.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Interval Based on LiteratureReference:American Diabetes Association, "DiabeticNephropathy", Diabetes Care, 20 [Suppl 1]:524 7 (1997)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProprietaryandEstablishedNames</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON® Systems Microalbumin (MA)Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine/CSF Albumin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologyType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation: SYNCHRON LX Systems,UniCel DxC 600/800 Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation: Beckman CoulterAU clinical chemistry systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON LX® Systems,UniCel DxC 600/800 Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzers</td></tr></table>

# CSF Application

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed New System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary andEstablishedNames</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMMAGE Immunochemistry System Albumin(ALB) Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine/CSF Albumin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALB reagent, when used in conjunction withIMMAGE Immunochemistry Systems andCalibrator 3, is intended for quantitativedetermination of Albumin (ALB) in humanserum or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) by ratenephelometry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameThe Urine/CSF Albumin reagent isintended to be used for thequantitation of albuminconcentration in cerebrospinalfluid (CSF).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentMaterial:Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody specific for human albumin (goatpolyclonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentMaterial: Buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phosphate buffer with PEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and CSF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarCSF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentStorage/ ClosedShelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProprietaryandEstablishedNames</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMMAGE Immunochemistry SystemAlbumin (ALB) Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine/CSF Albumin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologyType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation: Beckman IMMAGEImmunochemistry Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation: Beckman Coulter AUclinical chemistry systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate nephelometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turbidimetric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMMAGE Immunochemistry System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and CSF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td></tr></table>

Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator claims to be substantially equivalent to the predicate identified in section 4. The following table shows similarities and differences between the calibrator predicate and proposed device.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed New System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary andEstablishedNames</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON SystemsMA Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MA Calibrator, when used in conjunctionwith SYNCHRON Systems MA Reagent (P/N475100), is intended for use on theSYNCHRON LX® and UniCel DxC Systems forthe calibration of Microalbumin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThe Urine/CSF Albumin calibratoris intended to be used to calibratethe Urine/CSF Albumin reagenton the Beckman Coulter AUclinical chemistry systems.For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SingleConstituentCalibratorComposition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH buffered human serum albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorMatrix Base</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous pH buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorTraceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ERM - DA470</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorStorage/ ClosedShelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProprietaryandEstablishedNames</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON SystemsMA Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYNCHRON SystemsMA Calibrator475089(1 Level)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine/CSF Albumin CalibratorB38859(5 levels)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationFrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Every 30 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Every 60 days</td></tr></table>

# a. Precision

Within run (repeatability) and total imprecision (within laboratory) studies were designed from CLSI guideline EP05-A2 “Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition”. All testing was carried out using an AU5800 analyzer.

Pooled human urine samples were spiked using purified human serum albumin and used for the urine pools. Pooled human CSF samples were either diluted using $0 . 9 \%$ saline or spiked using purified human serum albumin and used for the CSF pools.

The experimental design utilized duplicate sample analysis, twice daily, over the course of 20 working days $( n = 8 0 )$ for 3 sample levels. There was a minimum interval of 2 hours between the two runs on each day. The results are presented in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pool</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Meanmg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability/Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinLaboratory/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDmg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDmg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr></table>

# b. Analytical Range (Linearity)

Analytical range (linearity) studies were designed to meet the requirements of CLSI guidelines EP06-A “Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline”. All testing was carried out using an AU5800 analyzer.

High and low albumin pools were prepared to achieve albumin concentrations spanning the required linear range. The high pool was prepared by spiking pools with HSA. The high urine and CSF pools were diluted with urine and CSF respectively to generate the lower concentrations required for the 11 point linearity panel.

The studies were performed on 11 linearity concentration levels. Each dilution was assayed in quadruplicate and the mean analytical results were plotted versus the relative analyte concentration.

A polynomial regression analysis was performed on the data and the bias of the polynomial from the $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ order curve was evaluated.

This study demonstrates acceptable linearity for the claimed measuring ranges.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 - 45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 45</td></tr></table>

# c. Traceability and Value Assignment

The Urine/CSF Albumin calibrator values are traceable to the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry Certified Reference Material ERM®- DA470k.

The calibrator was standardized to the reference standard ERM®- DA470k. The assignment was carried out by determining multiple calibration curves using multiple dilutions of DA470k.

The assignment of the master calibrator from the international standard was carried out using an AU2700 analyzer and the values were confirmed and performance tested on an AU640 and AU2700 analyzer.

The assignment of other calibrator lots from the master calibrator was carried out using an AU680 analyzer and the values were confirmed and performance tested on an AU400 and AU680 analyzer.

# d. Reagent and Calibrator Stability

# Shelf-Life

Accelerated stability testing was carried out following CLSI guideline EP25-A “Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline”; with the aim to establish initial claims of 18 months for both reagent and calibrator. The testing followed the guidelines for a packaging design change to an existing product with established stability claims. All testing was carried out using an AU5800 analyzer. Testing was performed at multiple elevated temperatures using three reagent lots and three calibrator lots and demonstrated that the reagent and calibrator are stable for 18 months at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Reagent On-Board, Calibration Frequency and Calibrator Open Vial Stability On-Board (OB) stability, calibration frequency, and calibrator open vial stability testing was carried out following CLSI guideline EP25-A “Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline”. All testing was carried out using an AU5800 analyzer.

Testing was performed using three reagent lots and three calibrator lots. Calibration was performed on the first day. At each time point Urine & CSF control material was run in duplicate. The maximum time point exceeded the claim. For the reagent, linearity was assessed after the final time point.

A 60 day reagent on-board claim, a 60-day calibration frequency claim, and a 30-day calibrator open vial stability claim was established.

# e. Sensitivity (Detection Limits)

LoB (Limit of Blank), LoD (Limit of Detection) and LoQ (Limit of Quantitation) studies were designed from CLSI guideline EP17-A2 “Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures Approved Guideline - Second Edition”. All testing was carried out using an AU5800 analyzer.

Correctly operating AU Systems should exhibit sensitivity less than or equal to 0.7 mg/dL for Urine and less than or equal to $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for CSF. LoB was calculated as the upper $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percent confidence interval of a result from an analyte free sample. Where the calculated LoB is $< 0$ , this was rounded to 0. LoD is defined as the lowest albumin concentration that can be detected with a probability of $9 5 \%$ . LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration with an inter-assay precision of $< 2 0 \%$ CV.

# LoB and LoD

The experimental design consisted of replicate measurements on blank and low level samples using three lots of reagent across multiple days. A total of 60 blank replicates per reagent lot and 60 low level sample replicates per reagent lot were generated. This was comprised of 4 blank samples and 4 low levels samples for urine and CSF, run 5-fold for 3 days. Four separate saline pools were used as blanks to determine LoB, and four concentrations of 0.1, 0.2, 0.35 and $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ prepared by dilution of a quantified urine and CSF pool with $0 . 9 \%$ saline were used for determining LoD.

#

For LoQ, the experimental design utilized functional sensitivity to establish the claim. Six pools with concentrations of approximately 0.1, 0.2, 0.35, 0.5, 0.7 and $1 \ m g / \mathrm d \mathsf L$ albumin in urine and CSF were used. For each pool, samples were measured in duplicate, twice daily, over the course of 20 working days $( \mathsf { n } { = } 8 0 )$ . A minimum of a 2 hour interval was left between the two runs.

The LoQ sensitivity claim met acceptance criteria of $\leq 0 . 7 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for urine and ≤ 1.0 mg/dL for CSF.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td></tr></table>

# f. Interferences (Analytical Specificity)

Interference studies were designed based on CLSI Guideline EP07-A2: “Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition” and used to assess common or known substances which could interfere with the Urine/CSF Albumin Assay. All testing was carried out using an AU5800 analyzer.

The interfering substances analyzed were tested at two Urine/CSF Albumin concentrations, approximately $1 . 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 3 \mathrm { ~ } \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$ and 10 - 20 mg/dL for the Urine application, and $1 0 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 2 0 \mathrm { ~ m g / d L }$ and $2 5 - 3 5 \mathrm { \ m g / d L }$ for the CSF application. Urine pools were prepared by spiking pooled human urine samples with purified human serum albumin to achieve the required concentrations. CSF pools were prepared by diluting pooled human CSF samples with $0 . 9 \%$ saline to achieve the required concentrations. The sample pools tested were at $\geq 5$ different levels of interferent to determine the magnitude of the effect. Each interferent concentration was tested in quadruplicate. The data analysis involved calculating the difference in recovery of the samples with and without the potential interfering substances. A summary of the sample pools and results are detailed in the table below.

Note: No significant interference (NSI) is defined as ≤ ± 10% or ± 0.2 mg/dL.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential InterferingSubstance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference Pool Details</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferent Level(mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">URINE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock calciumchloride solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 78 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock creatininesolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 300mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock glucosesolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 3000mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock ureasolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 5000mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock ascorbicacid solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 500mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock sodiumcitrate solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stockmagnesium chloride solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 400mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock sodiumoxalate Solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stockconjugated bilirubin solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stockhemoglobin solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 500mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock acetonesolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 350mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock uric acidsolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urobilinogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stockurobilinogen solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 2.25mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stockacetaminophen solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 300mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock ibuprofensolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 400mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stockmetronidazole solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 600mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-aminosalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pools spiked with stock 5-aminosalicylic acid solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 150mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CSF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF pools spiked with stock hemoglobinsolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 500mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF pools spiked with stock conjugatedbilirubin solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSI up to 40 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

g.

# Prozone

All testing was carried out using an AU5800 analyzer. Human urine and CSF were spiked with human serum to create a prozone high pool of $\geq 2 0 0 0 \ m g / \mathrm { d L }$ . The albumin concentration of the high prozone pools were determined using 3 replicates of at least 3 dilutions in the measuring range. Urine or $0 . 9 \%$ saline was used to prepare a series of dilutions of the high pool. Prozone panels were run ${ \mathsf n } = 3$ . All samples from the upper end of the linear range up to the claimed prozone tolerance generated a flagged result that indicated a result above the linear range.

# a. Method Comparison

Method comparison and bias estimation experiments were designed using CLSI Guideline EP09-A3 “Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline”.

# Urine Application

Patient urine samples were run to compare this Urine Albumin assay on the AU5800 analyzer against another commercially available assay. Results of Deming regression analysis were as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope = 1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept = 0.03 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r =1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n =131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample range =(0.81 - 40.7 mg/dL)</td></tr></table>

CSF Application

Patient CSF samples were run to compare this CSF Albumin assay on the AU5800 analyzer against another commercially available assay. Results of Deming regression analysis were as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope = 1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept =-0.77 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r =0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n =131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample range =1.72 - 41.2 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# b. Expected Values/Reference Interval

Reference Intervals were taken from the literature.

Expected values/Reference range for Urine Albumin excretion:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-hr collection(mg/24 h)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Timed collection(μg/min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spot Collection(μg/mgcreatinine)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Urine1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratelyIncreased</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-299</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalAlbuminuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥300</td></tr></table>

Expected values/Reference range for CSF Albumin:

CSF2 :    3 mo ‐ 4y 0 ‐ 45 mg/dL > 4 y 10 ‐ 30 mg/dL

1. American Diabetes Association. Diabetic Nephropathy. Diabetes Care 25:(Suppl. 1):S85-S89.   
2. Painter PC, Cope JY, Smith JL. Reference information for the clinical laboratory. In: Burtis CA, Ashwood ER, eds. Tietz textbook of clinical chemistry, Philadelphia: WB Saunders Company, 1999; 1800pp.

Urine Application: CLSI guideline EP28-A3c “Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline - Third Edition” was used as a guideline to validate this reference interval using 20 urine samples.

c. Clinical Studies Not applicable

d. Clinical Cut-off Not applicable

# 9.0 Conclusion

The conclusions drawn from the non-clinical testing (discussed above) demonstrate that the Urine/CSF Albumin and Urine/CSF Albumin Calibrator is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the predicate devices. The submitted information in this pre-market notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.