PHADIA US INC.   
MARTIN MANN   
SR. REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER 4169 COMMERCIAL AVENUE   
PORTAGE, MI 49002

Re: K150597 Trade/Device Name: ImmunoCAP Specific IgE ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, Allergen component rDer p 1, House dust mite Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5750 Regulation Name: Radioallergosorbent (RAST) immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DHB Dated: February 1, 2016 Received: February 2, 2016

Dear Mr. Mann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name   
ImmunoCAP Specific IgE   
- ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, Allergen component rDer p 1, House dust mite

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Submission, Update of ImmunoCAP Allergen d202 K150597 510k Summary

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of The Safety Medical Devices Act of 1990 (SMDA 1990) and 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Premarket Notification 510(k) No:

k150597

# Date of Summary Preparation:

February 1, 2016

Manufacturer:

Phadia AB   
Rapsgatan 7P   
P.O. Box 6460   
751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

# US Distributor:

Phadia US Inc. 4169 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002

Company contact person:

Martin Mann   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Phadia US Inc.   
269-492-1957   
martin.mann@thermofisher.com   
Device Name:   
ImmunoCAP Specific IgE ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, Allergen component rDer p 1, House dust mite (14-5996-01)

# Common Name:

Automated in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE antibodies.

Classification: Product Code Class   
CFR   
DHB   
II   
866.5750

# Substantial Equivalence to:

k101251

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, Allergen component nDer p 1, House dust mite (14-4966-01)

# 510(k) Submission, Update of ImmunoCAP Allergen d202 K150597 510k Summary

# Indications For Use / Intended Use Statement

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum or plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin). ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be used with instruments Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings, and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# Device Description Assay reagents

ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, Allergen component rDer p 1, House dust mite, is part of ImmunoCAP Specific IgE assay system. ImmunoCAP Specific IgE reagents are modular in concept and are available individually. For a complete listing of reagents needed to perform ImmunoCAP Specific IgE assay, please consult the ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Conjugate Directions for Use.

# Instrument System

Phadia 100, Phadia 250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instruments with associated software process all steps of the assay and calculate results automatically after the assay is completed.

# ImmunoCAP Specific IgE, Test Principle

The allergen of interest, covalently coupled to ImmunoCAP, reacts with the specific IgE in the patient sample. After washing away non-specific IgE, enzyme labeled antibodies against IgE are added to form a complex. After incubation, unbound enzyme-anti-IgE is washed away and the bound complex is then incubated with a developing agent. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence of the eluate is measured. The higher the response value, the more specific IgE is present in the specimen. To evaluate the test results, the responses for the patient samples are transformed to concentrations with the use of a calibration curve.

# Description of change

The allergen component raw material was changed from native, purified protein from allergen extract to recombinant, purified protein.

No change of Intended Use/Indications for Use or fundamental scientific technology of the assay system has been made.

# Performance characteristics

The New Device, recombinant ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, was compared with the Predicate Device, native purified ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, with the use of clinical positive samples, as well as samples from healthy, non-atopic donors. The performance characteristics of the updated ImmunoCAP Allergen d202 were established through studies of Precision including Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility, Linearity and Limit of Detection. Inhibition studies verified the analytical specificity of the allergen component.

# Conclusion

The safety and effectiveness of the cleared ImmunoCAP Specific IgE system, intended for the determination of specific IgE antibodies, have been established in previous 510(k) submissions. The update of ImmunoCAP Allergen d202, Allergen component rDer p 1, House dust mite, does not affect the Intended Use or the Indications for Use statements or the fundamental scientific technology of the assay. The verification studies performed demonstrate that the updated ImmunoCAP Allergen d202 is substantially equivalent to the currently cleared product.