Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Stacey Dolan, RAC-US Manager, Regulatory Affairs 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

Re: K151378 Trade/Device Name: Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges, Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OIU, JIT Dated: October 14, 2015 Received: October 15, 2015

Dear Ms. Dolan:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of November 23, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kelly Oliner -S

FOR   
Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Lumipulse G HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges Lumipulse G HE4 Calibrators

Indications for Use (Describe) Lumipulse G HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges:

For in vitro diagnostic use.

Lumipulse G HE4 is a Chemiluminescent Enzyme Immunoassay (CLEIA) for the quantitative determination of HE4 in human serum and plasma (lithium heparin or dipotassium EDTA) on the Lumipulse G System.

The assay is to be used as an aid in monitoring recurrence or progressive disease in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer. Serial testing for patient HE4 values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring epithelial ovarian cancer.

Lumipulse G HE4 Calibrators:

Lumipulse G HE4 Calibrators are for use in the calibration of the Lumipulse G System for the quantitative measurement of HE4 in human serum and plasma (lithium heparin or dipotassium EDTA).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: K151378

B. Purpose for Submission: New device

C. Measurand: HE4

Quantitative assay, automated chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay (CLEIA)

E. Applicant: Address:

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

Contact person:

Stacey Dolan, RAC (US) (610) 240-3917 dolans@fdi.com

Summary preparation date: May 21, 2015

# F. Proprietary and Established Names:

Lumipulse G HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges Lumipulse G HE4 Calibrators

# G. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 6 0 1 0$ , Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150, Calibrator

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product code: OIU, Test, Epithelial Ovarian Tumor-Associated Antigen (HE4) JIT, Calibrator, Secondary

4. Panel: 82, Immunology (Assay) 75, Chemistry (Calibrators)

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended use(s): See indications for use below.

2. Indication(s) for use:

Lumipulse G HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges

For in vitro diagnostic use.

The Lumipulse G HE4 is a Chemiluminescent Enzyme Immunoassay (CLEIA) for the quantitative determination of HE4 in human serum and plasma (lithium heparin or dipotassium EDTA) on the LUMIPULSE G System.

The assay is to be used as an aid in monitoring recurrence or progressive disease in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer. Serial testing for patient HE4 assay values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring epithelial ovarian cancer.

# Lumipulse G HE4 Calibrators

The Lumipulse G HE4 Calibrators are for use in the calibration of the LUMIPULSE G System for the quantitative measurement of HE4 in human serum and plasma (lithium heparin or dipotassium EDTA).

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): Prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements: LUMIPULSE G1200 System

# I. Device Description:

The Lumipulse G HE4 is an assay system, including a set of immunoassay reagents, for the quantitative measurement of HE4 in specimens based on CLEIA technology by a two-step sandwich immunoassay method on the LUMIPULSE G System.

Lumipulse G HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges REF 234174

The Lumipulse G HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges consists of $3 \times 1 4$ tests. Each kit contains the following:

Contains 150 μg/mL anti-HE4 monoclonal antibody (mouse)-coated particles, protein stabilizers (bovine and mouse) and chemical stabilizers in 0.15 M sodium chloride/Tris buffer. This solution contains gelatin and turns into gel at $1 5 ^ { \circ } \complement$ or lower. Preservative: Proclin 300.

Enzyme-Labeled Antibody Solution   
(Liquid, 350 μL/Immunoreaction Cartridge)   
Contains 0.25 μg/mL alkaline phosphatase (ALP: calf) labeled anti-HE4 monoclonal antibody (mouse), protein stabilizers (bovine, calf and mouse) and chemical stabilizers in 0.1 M sodium chloride/MES buffer. Preservative: Proclin 300.

# LUMIPULSE G HE4 Calibrators CAL 234181

Each calibrator kit contains one bottle each of Calibrators 1 and 2. The calibrator kit is packaged separately.

CAL Liquid, $1 \times 2$ Concentrations   
CAL 1 0 pM HE4 calibrator $( 1 \times 1 . 5 \mathsf { m L }$ )   
CAL 2 1500 pM HE4 calibrator $1 \times 1 . 5 \mathrm { m L } )$   
Contains sodium chloride and potassium chloride in phosphate buffer with protein stabilizer (bovine). Preservative: Proclin 950.

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. HE4 EIA

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): k072939

# 3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lumipulse G HE4 Assay(Proposed Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. HE4EIA Assay(Predicate Device) K072939</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFR section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.6010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.6010</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OIU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OIU</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Usage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use.The Lumipulse G HE4 is aChemiluminescent EnzymeImmunoassay (CLEIA) for thequantitative determination of HE4 inhuman serum and plasma (lithiumheparin ordipotassium EDTA) on theLUMIPULSE G System.The assay is to be used as an aid inmonitoring recurrence or progressivedisease in patients with epithelialovarian cancer. Serial testing forpatient HE4 assay values should beused in conjunction with other clinicalmethods used for monitoring epithelialovarian cancer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use.The HE4 EIA is an enzymeimmunometric assay for thequantitative determination of HE4 inhuman serum.The assay is to be used as an aid inmonitoring recurrence or progressivedisease in patients with epithelialovarian cancer. Serial testing forpatient HE4 assay values should beused in conjunction with other clinicalmethods used for monitoring epithelialovarian cancer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen CollectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Routine Phlebotomy Techniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Routine Phlebotomy Techniques</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ig-HE4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ig-HE4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human HE4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human HE4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lumipulse G HE4 Assay(Proposed Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. HE4EIA Assay(Predicate Device) K072939</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LUMIPULSE G1200 System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminscent EnzymeImmunoassay (CLEIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunometric Assay(EIA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum or Plasma (, lithiumheparin, or dipotassium EDTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 1500 pM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-900 pM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard Curve</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Levels (0 and 1500 pM)Ready to Use-Liquid-Supplied as separate kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Levels (Lot specific)-Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12A2 and 3D8 (mousemonoclonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2H5 and 3D8 (mouse monoclonal)</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

ISO 17511:2003 Measurement of Quantities in Biological Samples - Metrological Traceability of Values Assigned to Calibrator and Control Materials CLSI EP5-A3 - Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition  CLSI EP7-A2 - Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline-Second Edition CLSI C28-A3c - Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline-Third Edition CLSI EP17-A2 - Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline Second Edition CLSI EP6-A - Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline CLSI EP9-A3 – Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; approved Guideline – Third Edition FDA Guidance Document for the Submission of Tumor Associated Antigen Premarket Notifications, [510(k)], to FDA Guidance on Informed Consent for In Vitro Diagnostic Device Studies Using Leftover Human Specimens that are Not Individually Identifiable - Guidance for Sponsors, Institutional Review Boards, Clinical Investigators and FDA Staff

# L. Test Principle:

Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 is an assay system, including a set of immunoassay reagents, for the quantitative measurement of HE4 in specimens based on CLEA technology by a two-step sandwich immunoassay method on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System. HE4 in specimens specifically binds to anti-HE4 monoclonal antibody (mouse) on the particles, and antigenantibody immunocomplexes are formed. The particles are washed and rinsed to remove unbound materials. Alkaline phosphatase (ALP: calf)-labeled anti-HE4 monoclonal antibody (mouse) specifically binds to HE4 of the immunocomplexes on the particles, and additional immunocomplexes are formed. The particles are washed and rinsed to remove unbound materials. Substrate Solution is added and mixed with the particles. AMPPD contained in the Substrate Solution is dephosphorylated by the catalysis of ALP indirectly conjugated to particles. Luminescence (at a maximum wavelength of 477 nm) is generated by the cleavage reaction of dephosphorylated AMPPD. The luminescent signal reflects the amount of HE4.

# M. Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

Data were generated using the LUMIPULSE G1200 System.

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 is $\leq 1 0 \%$ total (within-laboratory) CV (coefficient of variation). Lumipulse G HE4 demonstrated precision $3 . 5 \%$ (total $\% { \mathsf { C V } } )$ in a study run according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) guideline EP5-A3. Eight human serum-based samples (specimen pools), and two commercially available serum-based controls were assayed in replicates of two at two separate times of the day for 20 days $\scriptstyle { \mathtt { n } } = 8 0$ for each sample) using one LUMIPULSE G1200 System. Data from this study are presented below.

<table><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Mean Conc. (pM)</td><td>Within-run SD (pM)</td><td>Within- run %CV</td><td>Total SD (pM)</td><td>Total %CV</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1</td><td>n=80 58.9</td><td>0.70</td><td>1.2</td><td>1.15</td><td>1.9</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2</td><td>77.4</td><td>0.78</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.45</td><td>1.9</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 4</td><td>119.0</td><td>1.58</td><td>1.3</td><td>1.87</td><td>1.6</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 5</td><td>310.7</td><td>3.18</td><td>1.0</td><td>7.12</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 6</td><td>1125.1</td><td>14.03</td><td>1.2</td><td>24.19</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 7</td><td>28.6</td><td>0.35</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.99</td><td>3.5</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 8</td><td>627.8</td><td>7.06</td><td>1.1</td><td>8.49</td><td>1.4</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 9</td><td>1329.9</td><td>21.89</td><td>1.6</td><td>29.88</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Control 1</td><td>95.1</td><td>1.99</td><td>2.1</td><td>2.27</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>Control 2</td><td>751.8</td><td>10.27</td><td>1.4</td><td>13.88</td><td>1.8</td></tr></table>

Lumipulse G HE4 demonstrated precision ${ \leq } 6 . 1 \%$ total $\% 0 \%$ when tested at 3 external laboratory sites. The human serum-based samples (specimen pools) and two commercially available serum-based controls were assayed in replicates of two at two separate times of the day at each of the sites for 10 days $\scriptstyle { \mathtt { n } } = 4 0$ for each sample) using one LUMIPULSE G1200 System. Data from this study are presented below.

<table><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Mean Conc. (pM) n=120</td><td>Within- run SD (pM)</td><td>Within- run %CV</td><td>Total SD (pM)</td><td>Total %CV</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1</td><td>57.1</td><td>0.70</td><td>1.2</td><td>2.14</td><td>3.8</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2</td><td>75.4</td><td>0.89</td><td>1.2</td><td>2.78</td><td>3.7</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 4</td><td>115.9</td><td>1.47</td><td>1.3</td><td>4.85</td><td>4.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 5</td><td>303.0</td><td>2.85</td><td>0.9</td><td>15.44</td><td>5.1</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 6</td><td>1110.2</td><td>14.99</td><td>1.4</td><td>62.98</td><td>5.7</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 7</td><td>27.5</td><td>0.35</td><td>1.3</td><td>1.68</td><td>6.1</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 8</td><td>609.3</td><td>8.17</td><td>1.3</td><td>32.89</td><td>5.4</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 9</td><td>1323.2</td><td>25.92</td><td>2.0</td><td>68.74</td><td>5.2</td></tr><tr><td>Control 1</td><td>95.4</td><td>1.90</td><td>2.0</td><td>5.57</td><td>5.8</td></tr><tr><td>Control 2</td><td>733.4</td><td>12.27</td><td>1.7</td><td>29.16</td><td>4.0</td></tr></table>

Lumipulse G HE4 demonstrated precision ${ \leq } 3 . 2 \%$ total $\% 0 \%$ when tested using 3 lots of Lumipulse G HE4 immunoreaction cartridges and calibrators. The human serum-based samples (specimen pools) and two commercially available serum-based controls were assayed in replicates of two at two separate times of the day for each of the lots for 10 days $\scriptstyle { \mathtt { n } } = 4 0$ for each sample) using one LUMIPULSE G1200 System. Data from this study are presented below.

<table><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Mean Conc. (pM)</td><td>Within- run SD (pM)</td><td>Within- run %CV</td><td>Total SD (pM)</td><td>Total %CV</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 1</td><td>n=120 57.5</td><td>0.56</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.24</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 2</td><td>75.3</td><td>0.76</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.75</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 4</td><td>116.1</td><td>1.42</td><td>1.2</td><td>2.71</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 5</td><td>302.7</td><td>3.81</td><td>1.3</td><td>9.76</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 6</td><td>1119.3</td><td>15.36</td><td>1.4</td><td>24.91</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 7</td><td>27.6</td><td>0.35</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.75</td><td>2.7</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 8</td><td>617.5</td><td>9.66</td><td>1.6</td><td>13.83</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>Serum 9</td><td>1334.0</td><td>25.33</td><td>1.9</td><td>33.60</td><td>2.5</td></tr><tr><td>Control 1</td><td>94.9</td><td>1.66</td><td>1.8</td><td>2.20</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Control 2</td><td>746.5</td><td>8.35</td><td>1.1</td><td>11.82</td><td>1.6</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

Lumipulse G HE4 demonstrated linearity in a study consistent with the guidelines in the CLSI Protocol EP6-A. One human serum specimen pool and one dipotassium EDTA plasma specimen pool with high HE4 levels were diluted with one human serum specimen pool and one dipotassium EDTA plasma specimen pool with low HE4 levels throughout the range of the assay. The linearity was found in the range of 20.0 to 1500.0 pM. Lumipulse G HE4 correlated with expected concentrations according to the linear regression formulas: Serum: $\mathsf { y } = 0 . 9 9 0 9$ (x) - 10.3161; R-squared: 1.0000   
Plasma: $y = 1 . 0 1 0 4 ( x ) + 1 2 . 4 8 6 9$ ; R-squared: 1.0000

Lumipulse G HE4 recovery is $1 0 0 ~ \pm ~ 1 0 \%$ , ranging from $91 \%$ to $107 \%$ . A study was performed where known concentrations of HE4 antigen were added to human serum and dipotassium EDTA plasma samples with low endogenous HE4 levels. The concentration of HE4 was determined using the Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 and the resulting percent recovery was calculated.

<table><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Target HE4 Levels (pM)</td><td>Measured Conc. (pM) (n=3)</td><td>Expected Conc. (pM)</td><td>% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Serum 1</td><td>80</td><td>132.8</td><td>125.2</td><td>106</td></tr><tr><td>150</td><td>188.2</td><td>186.7</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>450</td><td>484.4</td><td>474.2</td><td>102</td></tr><tr><td>750</td><td>768.0</td><td>761.0</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>1050</td><td>1056.5</td><td>1064.4</td><td>99</td></tr><tr><td>1350</td><td>1350.4</td><td>1390.5</td><td>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Serum 2</td><td>80</td><td>148.3</td><td>140.8</td><td>105</td></tr><tr><td>150</td><td>196.0</td><td>191.5</td><td>102</td></tr><tr><td>450</td><td>488.7</td><td>479.0</td><td>102</td></tr><tr><td>750</td><td>767.2</td><td>765.8</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>1050</td><td>1046.9</td><td>1069.2</td><td>98</td></tr><tr><td>1350</td><td>1316.9</td><td>1395.3</td><td>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Serum 3</td><td>80</td><td>116.8</td><td>109.3</td><td>107</td></tr><tr><td>150</td><td>202.4</td><td>197.4</td><td>103</td></tr><tr><td>450</td><td>491.7</td><td>484.9</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>750</td><td>763.8</td><td>771.7</td><td>99</td></tr><tr><td>1050</td><td>1081.1</td><td>1075.1</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>1350</td><td>1324.1</td><td>1401.2</td><td>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Plasma 1</td><td>80</td><td>127.5</td><td>122.2</td><td>104</td></tr><tr><td>150</td><td>242.4</td><td>240.4</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>450</td><td>518.1</td><td>527.9</td><td>98</td></tr><tr><td>750</td><td>796.3</td><td>814.7</td><td>98</td></tr><tr><td>1050</td><td>1069.3</td><td>1118.1</td><td>96</td></tr><tr><td>1350</td><td>1366.4</td><td>1444.2</td><td>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Plasma 2</td><td>80</td><td>138.5</td><td>134.5</td><td>103</td></tr><tr><td>150</td><td>206.5</td><td>203.4</td><td>102</td></tr><tr><td>450</td><td>492.7</td><td>490.9</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>750</td><td>780.6</td><td>777.7</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>1050</td><td>1035.8</td><td>1081.1</td><td>96</td></tr><tr><td>1350</td><td>1274.7</td><td>1407.2</td><td>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Plasma 3</td><td>80</td><td>137.9</td><td>130.9</td><td>105</td></tr><tr><td>150</td><td>204.8</td><td>201.1</td><td>102</td></tr><tr><td>450</td><td>494.0</td><td>488.6</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>750</td><td>784.3</td><td>775.4</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>1050</td><td>1057.1</td><td>1078.8</td><td>98</td></tr><tr><td>1350</td><td>1344.9</td><td>1404.9</td><td>96</td></tr></table>

High dose hook is a phenomenon whereby very high level specimens may read within the dynamic range of the assay. For Lumipulse G HE4, no high dose hook effect was observed for samples containing up to 300,000 pM of HE4 antigen. However values above 30,000 pM should be interpreted with caution because reading may be inaccurate above this concentration.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

The Lumipulse G HE4 Calibrators are for use in the calibration of the LUMIPULSE G System when used for the quantitative measurement of HE4 in human serum and plasma (lithium heparin or dipotassium EDTA). 2 Bottles (1.5 mL each) are supplied for the LUMIPULSE G HE4 Calibrators. Preservatives: Proclin 950. The calibrators are at the following concentrations:

<table><tr><td>Calibrator</td><td>Concentration (pM)</td></tr><tr><td>CAL 1</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>CAL 2</td><td>1500</td></tr></table>

There is currently no known internationally recognized consensus reference method or reference material for standardization. Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 values are expressed as pM (or pmol/L). This value is related to a Fujirebio Diagnostics maintained reference preparation. Calibration of the Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 is traceable to in-house reference calibrators, whose values have been assigned to correlate to Fujirebio Diagnostics’ HE4 EIA.

The real time stability (including open use) has been demonstrated for 10 months. The instrument cartridge and calibrators were found to be stable under simulated transport conditions. Shelf life assignment for the Lumipulse G HE4 Immunoreaction Cartridges and Calibrators will be 8 months at $2 - 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . .

# d. Detection limit:

The Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) of Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 is $\leq 2 0 . 0 \ \mathsf { p M }$ .

1) LoB and LoD   
The LoB for Lumipulse G HE4 was 0.1 pM.   
The LoD for Lumipulse G HE4 was $3 . 5 \mathsf { p } \mathsf { M }$ , determined consistent with the guidelines in the CLSI Protocol EP17-A2. Seven low-level specimens were tested over 3 days using three LUMIPULSE G Systems and three Lumipulse G HE4 lots giving 180 determinations for each panel.

2) LoQ The LOQ for Lumipulse G HE4 was $3 . 5 \mathsf { p } \mathsf { M }$ , determined consistent with the guidelines in the CLSI guideline EP17-A2. Since the percent total error estimate is $\leq 3 0 \%$ , LoQ equals LoD.

# e. Analytical specificity:

The Lumipulse G HE4 demonstrated an average interference of $\leq 1 0 \%$ (for each compound) in a study consistent with the guidelines in the CLSI guideline EP7-A2. Human serum specimens were supplemented with potentially interfering compounds. The following compounds were tested and found not to interfere with the test.

<table><tr><td>Endogenous Interferences</td><td>Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Free Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides (Intralipid 20% Emulsion)</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Human Serum Albumin</td><td>12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Immunoglobulin G (IgG)</td><td>5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>19.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Human Anti-Mouse Antibodies (HAMA)</td><td>1,000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor (RF)</td><td>1,000 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Therapeutic drug Interferences</td><td>Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Bevacizumab</td><td>750 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Carboplatin</td><td>600 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cisplatin</td><td>180 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Clotrimazole</td><td>0.3 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclophosphamide Dexamethansone</td><td>800 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Docetaxel</td><td>20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxil® (Pegylated Liposomal Doxorubicin)</td><td>10.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxorubicin</td><td>5.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Erlotinib</td><td>120 µg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Etoposide</td><td>150 ug/mL</td></tr><tr><td>5-Fluorouracil</td><td>10 ug/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>900 ug/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Gemcitabine</td><td>100 ug/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Leucovorin</td><td>750 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Magestrol Acetate</td><td>10 ug/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Melphalan</td><td>15 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methotrexate</td><td>450 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Olaparib</td><td>28.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Paclitaxel</td><td>3.5 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rituximab</td><td>750 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Tamoxifen</td><td>60 ug/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Topotecan</td><td>0.155 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Trastuzumab</td><td>600 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

f. Assay cut-off:

See Clinical Cutoff in M (4) below

# 2. Comparison studies:

a. Method Comparison

Lumipulse G HE4 method comparison study was performed using specimens consistent with CLSI guideline EP9-A3. The weighted Deming regression method was used to compare Lumipulse G HE4 to HE4 EIA. The HE4 EIA has a different measuring range than Lumipulse G HE4, therefore the results were limited to the measuring range of both devices (143 samples). The data are summarized in the following table.

Range of samples: 35.2 – 969.5 pM (Lumipulse G HE4) 33.4 – 899.0 pM (HE4 EIA)

Lumipulse G HE4 vs. HE4 EIA   

<table><tr><td>n</td><td>Correlation Coefficient (r)</td><td>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td>Slope (95% CI)</td><td>Average Bias (pM)</td></tr><tr><td>143</td><td>0.9891</td><td>-3.2350</td><td>1.0349</td><td>8.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>-5.3628 -</td><td>1.0074 -</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>-1.1071</td><td>1.0624</td><td></td></tr></table>

The date summarized in the following table include results from a study with specimens above the measurement range of both devices requiring dilution (168 samples).

Range of samples: 35.2 – 4602.0 pM (Lumipulse G HE4) 33.4 – 4067.0 pM (HE4 EIA)

Lumipulse G HE4 vs. HE4 EIA   

<table><tr><td>n</td><td>Correlation Coefficient (r)</td><td>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td>Slope (95% CI)</td><td>Average Bias (pM)</td></tr><tr><td>168</td><td>0.9917</td><td>-2.8518</td><td>1.0289</td><td>13.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>-4.8632 </td><td>1.0045-</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>-0.8404</td><td>1.0533</td><td></td></tr></table>

# b. Matrix Comparison

The Lumipulse G HE4 matrix comparison study was performed to evaluate the difference across tube types (SST, K2EDTA, and Lithium Heparin,) versus the means of the control samples (Red top serum) analyzed per CLSI guideline EP9-A3. The slope for each tube type when compared to the control had $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals that lay entirely within the range 0.9 to 1.1 and the correlation coefficients were $\geq 0 . 9$ .

3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical sensitivity: See 3(c) below

b. Clinical specificity:

See 3(c) below

c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable):

Monitoring of Disease status in Patients Diagnosed with Epithelial Ovarian Cancer The effectiveness of Lumipulse G HE4 as an aid in monitoring of disease status in EOC patients was determined by assessing changes in HE4 levels in serial serum samples from 72 patients compared to changes in disease status. A study involving a total of 330 pairs of observations was undertaken with an average number of 5.6 observations per patient. A positive change in HE4 was defined as an increase in the value that was at least $18 \%$ greater than the previous value of the test. This level of change takes into account the variability of the assay. Forty-nine percent $( 4 9 \% )$ or $30 / 6 1$ of the patient samples with a positive change correlated with the disease progression while eighty percent $( 8 0 \% )$ or 214/269 of the patient serial samples with no significant change in HE4 value correlated with no progression. The total concordance was seventy-four percent $7 4 \%$ or 245/330).

Lumipulse G HE4 Performance Measurements $( \% )$ :   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Performance Measurement</td><td>SE</td><td>Lower 95% CI</td><td>Upper 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity</td><td>49.2</td><td>10.74</td><td>27.8</td><td>70.6</td></tr><tr><td>Specificity</td><td>79.6</td><td>6.87</td><td>65.9</td><td>93.2</td></tr><tr><td>Total Concordance</td><td>73.9</td><td>5.69</td><td>62.6</td><td>85.3</td></tr><tr><td>PPV</td><td>35.3</td><td>7.71</td><td>19.9</td><td>50.7</td></tr><tr><td>NPV</td><td>87.4</td><td>7.54</td><td>72.3</td><td>102.4</td></tr></table>

SE $=$ Standard Error CI $=$ Confidence Interval

The following table presents the data in a ${ } _ { 2 \times 2 }$ format.

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Change in Disease State per Sequential Pair</td></tr><tr><td>Change in HE4 Concentration</td><td>No progression</td><td>Progression</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>≤ 18%</td><td>214</td><td>31</td><td>245</td></tr><tr><td>&gt; 18%</td><td>55</td><td>30</td><td>85</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>269</td><td>61</td><td>330</td></tr></table>

4. Clinical cut-off:

HE4 is significantly elevated if it is at least $18 \%$ higher than the previous assay.

5. Expected values/Reference range:

The distribution of HE4 levels determined in healthy premenopausal and postmenopausal women is shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td></td><td>All Healthy Subjects</td><td>Premenopausal Healthy Subjects</td><td>Postmenopausal Healthy Subjects</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>240</td><td>120</td><td>120</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>59.5</td><td>58.0</td><td>61.0</td></tr><tr><td>(SD)</td><td>(68.8)</td><td>(94.8)</td><td>(22.5)</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>51.3</td><td>47.0</td><td>55.9</td></tr><tr><td>Range (min, max)</td><td>29.4, 1076.6</td><td>29.9, 1076.6</td><td>29.4, 176.7</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Interval (2.5th percentile,</td><td>32.5, 108.4</td><td>31.9, 87.1</td><td>32.5, 112.2</td></tr><tr><td>97.5th percentile) Proportion below 90.0 pM</td><td>96%</td><td>98%</td><td>93%</td></tr><tr><td>Proportion below 135.0 pM</td><td>99%</td><td>99%</td><td>98%</td></tr></table>

All Lumipulse G HE4 concentrations are presented as pM

The distribution of HE4 levels determined in benign conditions is shown in the table below:   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Benign Gynecological Disease</td><td>Other Benign Disease</td><td>Congestive Heart Failure</td><td>Hypertension</td><td>Pregnant</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>366</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>70.7</td><td>232.6</td><td>185.3</td><td>397.0</td><td>45.4</td></tr><tr><td>(SD)</td><td>(44.0)</td><td>(548.8)</td><td>(99.7)</td><td>(999.9)</td><td>(8.3)</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>57.8</td><td>81.4</td><td>173.9</td><td>108.8</td><td>44.5</td></tr><tr><td>Range (min, max)</td><td>26.3,</td><td>42.7,</td><td>30.6,</td><td>39.0,</td><td>31.9,</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Interval</td><td>386.8</td><td>2762.0</td><td>417.7</td><td>5773.0</td><td>71.0</td></tr><tr><td>(2.5th percentile ,</td><td>35.0,</td><td>44.2,</td><td>43.5,</td><td>40.9,</td><td>32.2,</td></tr><tr><td>97.5th percentile)</td><td>202.0</td><td>2374.9</td><td>407.5</td><td>2874.3</td><td>58.3</td></tr><tr><td>Proportion below 90.0 pmol/L</td><td>82%</td><td>55%</td><td>18%</td><td>43%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>Proportion below 135.0 pmol/L</td><td>94%</td><td>70%</td><td>38%</td><td>65%</td><td>100%</td></tr></table>

\*All Lumipulse G HE4 concentrations are presented as pM

The distribution of HE4 levels determined in malignancy conditions is shown in the table below:   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Epithelial Ovarian Cancer</td><td>Bladder Cancer</td><td>Breast Cancer</td><td>Endometrial Cancer</td><td>GI Cancer</td><td>Lung Cancer</td></tr><tr><td>N</td><td>155</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>1188.7</td><td>188.3</td><td>173.0</td><td>145.9</td><td>103.4</td><td>157.6</td></tr><tr><td>(SD)</td><td>(2447.4)</td><td>(230.0)</td><td>(398.0)</td><td>(119.5)</td><td>(51.8)</td><td>(127.5)</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>341.0</td><td>127.5</td><td>95.3</td><td>99.5</td><td>91.2</td><td>115.8</td></tr><tr><td>Range (min, max)</td><td>24.6,</td><td>44.9,</td><td>32.4,</td><td>50.0,</td><td>42.2,</td><td>41.1,</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Interval</td><td>&gt;15000.0</td><td>1381.9</td><td>2591.0</td><td>646.9</td><td>258.9</td><td>658.5</td></tr><tr><td>(2.5th percentile ,</td><td>48.6,</td><td>50.3,</td><td>38.3,</td><td>60.5,</td><td>44.3,</td><td>42.3,</td></tr><tr><td>97.5th percentile)</td><td>7602.3</td><td>569.9</td><td>419.8</td><td>500.0</td><td>247.7</td><td>562.9</td></tr><tr><td>Proportion below 90.0 pmol/L</td><td>14%</td><td>30%</td><td>48%</td><td>35%</td><td>48%</td><td>33%</td></tr><tr><td>Proportion below 135.0 pmol/L</td><td>25%</td><td>58%</td><td>78%</td><td>68%</td><td>83%</td><td>63%</td></tr></table>

All Lumipulse G HE4 concentrations are presented as pM

It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own reference value for the population of interest for Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ HE4 on the LUMIPULSE G1200.

# 6. Conclusion

The results of these analytical (nonclinical) and clinical studies demonstrate that the Lumipulse G HE4 assay is substantially equivalent to the performance of the Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. HE4 EIA assay.

# N. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.