# September 6, 2016

BD Diagnostic Systems   
Becton, Dickinson, and Company   
Katie Edwards, Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152

Re: K151589 Trade/Device Name: BD MAX™ CT/GC/TV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3860 Regulation Name:  nucleic acid assay TRegulatory Class: II Product Code: OUY, MKZ, LSL Dated: August 19, 2016 Received: August 22, 2016

Dear Ms. Edwards:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

for Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K151589

Device Name BD MAX™ CT/GC/TV

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# BD MAX CT/GC/TV

# Summary Preparation Date:

September 1, 2016

# Submitted by:

BD Life Sciences   
Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, Maryland 21152   
Contact:   
Katie Edwards   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Tel: 410-316-4975   
Fax: 410-316-4188   
Email: Katie_Edwards@bd.com

# Proprietary Names:

For the instrument:

BD MAX™

For the assay:

BD MAX CT/GC/TV

# Common Names:

For the instrument:

Bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation

For the assay:

CT Assay GC Assay TV Assay

# Regulatory Information

Regulation section:

866.3120 – Chlamydia serological reagents   
866.3390 – Neisseria spp. direct serological test reagents   
866.3860 – Trichomonas vaginalis Nucleic Acid Amplification Test System

# Classification:

Class II

Panel:

Microbiology (83)

Product Code(s):

MKZ Chlamydia trachomatis LSL Neisseria gonorrhoeae OUY Trichomonas vaginalis

# Predicate Device

Becton Dickinson ProbeTec ™ ET Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) $\mathrm { Q } ^ { \mathrm { X } }$ Amplified DNA Assay [510(k) K081824]

Becton Dickinson ProbeTec ™ ET Neisseria gonorrhoeae (GC) $\mathrm { Q } ^ { \mathrm { X } }$ Amplified DNA Assay [510(k) K081825]

Becton Dickinson ProbeTec™ Trichomonas Vaginalis (TV) $\mathrm { Q } ^ { \mathrm { X } }$ Amplified DNA Assay [510(k) K130268]

# Device Establishment

GeneOhm Sciences Canada, Inc. (BD Diagnostics)   
2555 Boul. du Parc-Technologique   
Quebec, QC G1P 4S5   
Canada

Registration Number: 3007420875

# Performance Standards

No performance standards have been developed under Section 514 of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.

# Intended Use

The BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay, as performed using the BD MAX System incorporates automated DNA extraction and real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the direct, qualitative detection of DNA from Chlamydia trachomatis (CT), Neisseria gonorrhoeae (GC) and/or Trichomonas vaginalis (TV). The assay may be used for detection of CT and/or GC DNA in male urine specimens, and the detection of CT, GC and/or TV DNA in female urine specimens, clinician-collected female endocervical swab specimens and patient-collected vaginal swab specimens (in a clinical setting). The assay is indicated for use to aid in the diagnosis of chlamydial urogenital disease, gonococcal urogenital disease and/or trichomoniasis in asymptomatic and symptomatic individuals.

Special Conditions for Use Statement: For prescription use

Special Instrument Requirements: BD MAX System

# Device Description

The BD MAX System and the BD MAX CT/GC/TV are comprised of an instrument with associated hardware and accessories, disposable microfluidic cartridges, master mixes, unitized reagent strips, and extraction reagents. The instrument automates sample preparation including target lysis, DNA extraction and concentration, reagent rehydration, and target nucleic acid amplification and detection using real-time PCR. The assay includes a Sample Processing Control (SPC) that is present in the Extraction Tube. The SPC monitors DNA extraction steps, thermal cycling steps, reagent integrity and the presence of inhibitory substances. The BD MAX System software automatically interprets test results. A test result may be called as POS, NEG or UNR for each of the assay’s targets, based on the amplification status of the target and of the Sample Processing Control. IND (Indeterminate) or INC (Incomplete) results are due to BD MAX System failure.

# Test Principle

The specimen is collected from the patient using the BD MAX UVE Specimen Collection Kit and transported to the laboratory under conditions of time and temperature that have been determined to maintain the integrity of the target nucleic acids. The sample is vortexed briefly and then heated on the BD Pre-warm Heater to dissolve mucous, homogenize the specimen matrix and lyse the target organisms. After cooling automatically, the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tubes are recapped with a septum cap. A worklist is created and the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube, the BD MAX CT/GC/TV Unitized Reagent Strip and the BD MAX PCR Cartridge are loaded on the BD MAX System. The BD MAX System automates sample preparation, including target organism lysis, DNA extraction and concentration, reagent rehydration, and target nucleic acid amplification and detection using real-time PCR. The BD MAX System performs results interpretation automatically. The assay also includes a Sample Processing Control that is present in the Extraction Tube. The Sample Processing Control monitors DNA extraction steps, thermal cycling steps, reagent integrity and the presence of inhibitory substances.

Following cell lysis, the released nucleic acids are captured on magnetic affinity beads. The beads, with the bound nucleic acids, are washed using Wash Buffer and the nucleic acids are eluted by heat in Elution Buffer. Eluted DNA is neutralized using Neutralization Buffer and transferred to the Master Mix to rehydrate the PCR reagents. After reconstitution, the BD MAX System dispenses a fixed volume of PCRready solution containing extracted nucleic acids into the BD MAX PCR Cartridge. Microvalves in the BD MAX PCR Cartridge are sealed by the system prior to initiating PCR to contain the amplification mixture, thus preventing evaporation and contamination. The amplified DNA targets are detected using hydrolysis (TaqMan®) probes, labeled at one end with a fluorescent reporter dye (fluorophore), and at the other end, with a quencher moiety. Probes labeled with different fluorophores are used to detect amplicons for target analytes and the Sample Processing Control in four different optical channels of the BD MAX System. When the probes are in their native state, the fluorescence of the fluorophore is quenched due to its proximity to the quencher. However, in the presence of target DNA, the probes hybridize to their complementary sequences and are hydrolyzed by the $5 ' 3 '$ exonuclease activity of the DNA polymerase as it synthesizes the nascent strand along the DNA template. As a result, the fluorophores are separated from the quencher molecules and fluorescence is emitted. The BD MAX System monitors these signals at each cycle and interprets the data at the end of the reaction to provide qualitative test results for each analyte (i.e., positive or negative).

# Substantial Equivalence 1

Table 1 shows the similarities and differences between the BD MAX CT/GC/TV and the predicate device.

Table 1: Comparison to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Items</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX CT/GC/TV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD ProbeTecTM ET T QAmplified DNA Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD ProbeTecTM ET GCQ Amplified DNA Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD ProbeTecTM TV QAmplified DNA Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K151589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K081824</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K081825</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K130268</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3120, 866.3390,866.3680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3860</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MKZ, LSL, OUY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OUY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD MAXCT/GC/TV assay, asperformed using the BDMAX Systemincorporates automatedDNA extraction and real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) for thedirect, qualitativedetection of DNA fromChlamydia trachomatis(CT), Neisseriagonorrhoeae (GC) and/orTrichomonas vaginalis(TV). The assay may beused for detection of CTand/or GC DNA in maleurine specimens, and thedetection of CT, GCand/or TV DNA infemale urine specimens,clinician-collected femaleendocervical swabspecimens and patient-collected vaginal swabspecimens (in a clinicalsetting). The assay isindicated for use to aid inthe diagnosis ofchlamydial urogenitaldisease, gonococcalurogenital disease and/ortrichomoniasis inasymptomatic andsymptomatic individuals.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD ProbeTecChlamydia trachomatis QxAmplified DNA Assay,when tested with either theBD ViperTMSystem in Extracted Modeor the BD Viper LT System,uses Strand DisplacementAmplification technologyfor the direct, qualitativedetection of Chlamydiatrachomatis DNA inclinician collected femaleendocervical and maleurethral swab specimens,patient-collected vaginalswab specimens (in aclinical setting), and maleand female urine specimens(both UPT and neat). Theassay is also intended foruse with gynecologicalspecimens collected in BDSurePathTM PreservativeFluid or PreservCytTMSolution using an aliquotthat isremoved prior to processingfor either the BD SurePathor ThinPrepTM Pap test. Theassay is indicated foruse with asymptomatic andsymptomatic individuals toaid in the diagnosis ofchlamydial urogenitaldisease.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD ProbeTecTNeisseria gonorrhoeae QxAmplified DNA Assay,when tested with either theBD Viper™M System inExtracted Mode or the BDViper LTTM System, usesStrand DisplacementAmplification technologyfor the direct, qualitativedetection of Neisseriagonorrhoeae DNA inclinician-collected femaleendocervical and maleurethral swab specimens,patient-collected vaginalswab specimens (in aclinical setting), and maleand female urinespecimens (both UPT andNeat). The assay is alsointended for use withgynecological specimenscollected in BDSurePathTM PreservativeFluid or PreservCySolution using an aliquotthat is removed prior toprocessing for either theBD SurePath orThinPrepTM Pap test. Theassay is indicated foruse with asymptomaticand symptomaticindividuals to aid in thediagnosis of gonococcalurogenital disease.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD ProbeTecTMTrichomonas vaginalis(TV) Qx AmplifiedDNA Assay, whentested with the BDViperTM System inExtracted Mode, usesStrand DisplacementAmplificationtechnology for thedirect, qualitativedetection ofTrichomonasvaginalis DNA inclinician-collectedfemale endocervicalswab specimens,patient-collectedvaginal swabspecimens (in aclinical setting), andfemale urinespecimens. The assayis indicated for usewith asymptomatic andsymptomatic femalesto aid in the diagnosisof trichomoniasis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asymptomatic andSymptomatic Patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocervical swab,patient-collected vaginalswab, female and maleurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocervical swab, patient-collected vaginal swab,male urethral swab, maleand female urine (UPT andneat)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocervical swab,patient-collected vaginalswab, male urethral swab,male and female urine(UPT and neat)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocervical swab,patient-collectedvaginal swab, femaleurine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismsDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT, GC and TV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Prep/Interpretationof Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by BD MAXSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by BD ViperSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by BD ViperSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by BDViper System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ProcessingControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Control</td></tr></table>

# Precision

Within-laboratory precision was evaluated for the BD MAXCT/GC/TV at one (1) internal site. The Precision Study panel members were divided into four (4) categories, based upon organism concentration relative to the LoDs established for each of the three (3) assay targets and expected correct percent positive/negative, as follows:

True negative (TN – Negative Clinical Matrix): negative $100 \%$ of the time Moderate positive (MP): Above the assay LoD $\mathrm { \Delta ^ { 6 6 } C l 0 0 ^ { 7 } }$ , ${ \sim } 2 { - } 3 \mathrm { x }$ LoD); positive $100 \%$ of the time Low positive (LP): At assay LoD (“C95”, ${ \sim } 1 { - } 1 . 5 \mathrm { x }$ LoD); positive approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time High negative (HN): Below assay LoD $( \sim 0 . 2 5 \ – 0 . 5 \mathrm { x } \ L \mathbf { 0 }$ D); negative between 5 and $8 5 \%$ of the time

Each panel member was prepared in a matrix of either pooled negative vaginal clinical swab specimen or female urine. Testing was performed in duplicate, over 12 days, with 2 runs per day, by 2 different technologists. The Precision Study results are summarized in Table 2, stated as percent observed versus expected.

Table 2: Within-laboratory Precision Testing Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Panel Member Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Percent (%) Observed versus Expected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C. trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>T. vaginalis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(336/336)98.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(336/336)98.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(336/336)98.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(336/336)98.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2%(38/48)65.7-88.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2%(38/48)65.7-88.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2%(26/48)40.3-67.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%(5/48)4.5-22.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.3%(27/48)42.3-69.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6%(7/48)7.2-27.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)89.1-99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)92.6-100</td></tr></table>

a For the True Negative (TN) category, the reported agreement indicates the percent of negative results. b For the High Negative (HN) category, the reported agreement indicates the percent of positive results.

# Reproducibility

For the Site-to-Site reproducibility study, three (3) sites (two external and one internal) were provided with a total of sixteen (16) panels per site, each consisting of 10 tubes. The panels used were the same as described above for the Precision Study. Each site performed the study on eight (8) nonconsecutive days, wherein each day, two (2) panels were tested, each by one (1) of two (2) technologists.

The overall Site-to-Site Reproducibility percent agreement ranged from 99.9 to $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ , $1 5 . 6 \%$ to $7 8 . 1 \%$ , $9 6 . 9 \%$ to $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ for the TN, HN, LP and MP categories, respectively (see Table 3). The qualitative and quantitative reproducibility across sites and by target is presented in Tables 4 through 9. End Point fluorescence (EP) and Second Derivative Peak Abscissa (SDPA), internal criterion used to

determine final assay results, was selected as an additional means of assessing assay reproducibility. Overall mean EP and SDPA values with variance components (SD and $\% C V$ ) are shown in Tables 5, 7 and 9.

Table 3: MAX CT/GC/TV Site-to-Site Reproducibility Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Co</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Percent Observed versus Expected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C. trachomatis(n), 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. gonorrhoeae(n), 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>T. vaginalis(n), 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(672/672)99.4-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%(671/672)99.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(672/672)99.4-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(672/672)99.4-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.1%(75/96)68.9-85.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%(72/96)65.5-82.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.2%(53/96)45.3-64.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6%(15/96)9.7-24.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1%(50/96)42.2-61.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4%(34/96)26.6-45.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%(93/96)91.2-98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)96.2-100</td></tr></table>

a For the True Negative (TN) category, the reported agreement indicates the percent of negative results. b For the High Negative (HN) category, the reported agreement indicates the percent of positive results.

Table 4: C. trachomatis Site-to-Site Qualitative Reproducibility Across Sites with Pooled Days, Runs and Replicates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672/672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>671/672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Table 5:

C. trachomatis Site-to-Site Quantitative Reproducibility Across Sites, Days, Runs and Within Run   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AeN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>umaw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOpperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>se</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1563.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>556.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>710.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2170.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>605.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2264.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>434.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1488.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>601.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>705.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2221.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>380.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2219.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>430.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SPaA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Se</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

Table 6: N. gonorrhoeae Site-to-Site Qualitative Reproducibility Across Sites with Pooled Days, Runs and Replicates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672/672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Table 7:

N. gonorrhoeae Site-to-Site Quantitative Reproducibility Across Sites, Days, Runs and Within Run   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>O</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AadN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>974.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>392.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1518.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>406.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1715.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1615.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>604.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2260.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>437.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2420.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>737.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>754.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SdaA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr></table>

Table 8: T. vaginalis Site-to-Site Qualitative Reproducibility Across Sites with Pooled Days, Runs and Replicates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agree/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672/672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

T. vaginalis Site-to-Site Quantitative Reproducibility Across Sites, Days, Runs and Within Run   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>m</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AeeeN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOpperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2172.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>946.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1127.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3068.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1063.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>779.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1318.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3519.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>809.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1192.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Nu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1887.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>747.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>773.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3076.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>289.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3092.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SPaA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Se</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr></table>

For the Lot-to-Lot reproducibility study, two operators each completed a single run of 10 panel members on a single instrument for each of three lots of reagents over an 8-day period. The panels used were the same as described under the Precision heading, above. Results from one reagent lot of the site to site reproducibility study were used to comprise data for one lot of reagents for the Lot-to-Lot study.

The overall Lot-to-Lot reproducibility percent agreement across all targets ranged from $9 9 . 9 \%$ to $100 \%$ , $2 9 . 2 \%$ to $7 2 . 9 \%$ , and $100 \%$ for the TN, HN, LP and MP categories, respectively (Table 10).

Table 10: Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(63.3-80.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(63.3-80.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(32.3-51.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(36.2-55.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Trichomonas vaginalis</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>671</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(48.3-67.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(21.0-38.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2-100)</td></tr></table>

$\ast _ { \mathrm { H N s } }$ are dilutions of the LoD designed to produce results that are negative for $5 \%$ to $8 5 \%$ of replicates. As such, $\%$ Correct” correlates to the percent of negative results. $^ { \ast \ast }$ TNs were blanks, therefore, $\%$ Correct” correlates to the percent of negative results.

# Sample Storage

First void urine specimens must be transferred from the collection cup to the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube within 4 hours of collection when kept at $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or within 24 hours of collection when stored at

$2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Clinician-collected endocervical swab and patient-collected vaginal swab specimens must be transferred immediately or within two hours after collection to the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube when kept at $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Protect against exposure to excessive heat.

Table 11: Specimen Stability Prior to Transfer into the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Stability</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Transport and/or Storage Temperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-30°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prior to Transfer into BDMAX UVE Sample BufferTube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal/Endocervical Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hours</td></tr></table>

Urine or swab sample in BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tubes can be transported and stored for up to 5 days at $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or up to 30 days at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to pre-warm.

Table 12: Sample Stability in BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube Prior to Pre-Warm   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Stability</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Transport and/or Storage Temperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-30°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In BD MAX UVE SampleBuffer Tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine, Vaginal/EndocervicalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td></tr></table>

Once pre-warmed, samples previously stored at the $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ condition (Table 12) can be stored for an additional 5 days at $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or an additional 30 days at ${ } _ { - 2 0 } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (Table 13) before testing on the BD MAX System. Once pre-warmed, samples previously stored at the ${ } _ { - 2 0 } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ condition (Table 12) can be stored for an additional 5 days at $^ { - 2 0 }$ or $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (Table 13) before testing on the BD MAX System.

# NOTE: Combined sample stability [prior to pre-warm (Table 12) and post pre-warm (Table 13)] can not exceed a total of 35 days.

Table 13: Sample Stability in BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube Post Pre-Warm   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Stability</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Storage Temperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-30°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post Pre-warm(previously stored 2-30 C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine, Vaginal/Endocervical Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post Pre-warm(previously stored -20 C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine, Vaginal/Endocervical Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days</td></tr></table>

# Controls

External Control materials are not provided by BD; however, suggestions of appropriate Quality Control strains and procedures are included in the package insert. Various types of External Controls are recommended to allow the user to select the most appropriate for their laboratory quality control program:

• Commercially available positive control materials • Chlamydia trachomatis serovar H (ATCC VR-879) • Neisseria gonorrhoeae (ATCC 19424) • Trichomonas vaginalis (ATCC 30001) • External negative control C Use a non-inoculated BD MAX™ UVE Sample Buffer Tube

The assay includes a Specimen Processing Control (SPC) that is present in the Extraction Tube. The SPC monitors DNA extraction steps, thermal cycling steps, reagent integrity, and the presence of inhibitory substances.

# Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity (Limit of Detection or LoD) for the BD MAX CT/GC/TV was determined for each assay target individually. Two (2) representative bacterial suspensions were prepared for each of the target organisms and were inoculated into the UVE Sample Buffer Tube along with pooled negative matrix (both vaginal swab and female urine were evaluated, separately). The pooled negative matrix was created from specimens obtained from patients that were characterized by the BD MAX CT/GC/TV. The organism concentrations were used to simulate positive samples with a wide range of organism loads. The LoD was determined for each organism tested with both vaginal swab and female urine target-negative matrix. The results from the LoD study can be found in Table 14.

Table 14: BD MAX CT/GC/TV Target Limits of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration (units/mL)a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serovar H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serovar D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 19424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 49226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Trichomonas vaginalis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 30001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 50143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

a Units/mL LoD concentration represented in Elementary Bodies (EB)/mL for Chlamydia trachomatis, cells/mL for Neisseria gonorrhoeae and $\mathrm { T V / m L }$ for Trichomonas vaginalis.

The BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay could detect $2 9 5 \%$ proportion positive results with fifteen (15) additional Chlamydia trachomatis serovars (A, B, Ba, C, E, vE, F, G, I, J, K, L1, L2, L2a and L3), thirty (30) Neisseria gonorrhoeae strains and eight (8) Trichomonas vaginalis strains (ATCC 30092, 30184, 30185, 30187, 30236, 30237, 30235 and 30186). These 53 serovars/strains represented public collections and well-characterized clinical isolates and were inoculated at 1X LoD in BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer and tested with both pooled female urine and pooled vaginal swab specimens. The BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay correctly identified 51 of the serovars/strains tested for urine specimens and 49 of the serovars/strains tested for vaginal swab specimens upon initial testing. Three (3) strains of Trichomonas vaginalis and one (1) serovar of Chlamydia trachomatis in vaginal swab specimen, in addition to two (2) strains of Neisseria gonorrhoeae in urine, did not meet acceptance criteria and were further evaluated. Of the six (6) strains further evaluated, one (1) was detected at 2X LoD and five (5) were detected at 1X LoD.

# Analytical Specificity

The BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay was performed on samples containing phylogenetically related species and other organisms (bacteria, viruses) likely to be found in urogenital specimens. The bacterial cells, yeasts and parasites were tested in the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube at $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ cells/mL, genomic DNA $\mathrm { c p / m L }$ , or elementary bodies/mL, and viruses were tested at $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ viral particles or genomic equivalents $/ \mathrm { m L }$ .

$9 8 \%$ (168/170) of bacterial strains, yeast, parasites and viruses tested produced negative results with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay. No cross-reaction was observed for Chlamydia trachomatis or Neisseria gonorrhoeae.   
Pentatrichomonas hominis (commensal of the large intestine) produced positive results at a concentration $\geq 3 . 3 9 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ TV/mL for Trichomonas vaginalis and negative results for all other targets with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay.   
Trichomonas tenax (commensal of the oral cavity) produced positive results at a concentration $\geq 1 0$ $\mathrm { T V / m L }$ for Trichomonas vaginalis and negative results for all other targets with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay.

# Interfering Substances

Fourty-four (44) biological and chemical substances occasionally used or found in urogenital specimens were evaluated for potential interference with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay near the LoD for each particular target. Three (3) organisms (Eschericia coli, Gardnerella vaginalis and Candida albicans,) were also tested at a high concentration in order to assess bacterial interference. Included in this study were antibiotic, analgesic, antifungal, hormonal, and contraceptive pools which contained combinations of the various chemicals or biological organisms that were tested at a concentration that may be found in urogenital specimens. Potentially interfering substances in urine specimens included whole blood (Table 16). Potentially interfering substances in vaginal swab specimens include ${ \mathrm { V C F } } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ Contraceptive Foam, Conceptrol® Contraceptive Gel, Vaginal Anti-Itch Cream, Acyclovir, Metronidazole and whole blood (Table 17). VCF Contraceptive Foam, Conceptrol® Contraceptive Gel and Acyclovir demonstrated potential interference at concentrations greater than $2 5 \mu \mathrm { L / m L }$ in vaginal swab specimens. Vaginal Anti-Itch Cream and Metronidazole demonstrated potential interference at concentrations greater than $2 . 5 \mu \mathrm { L / m L }$ in vaginal swab specimens. Whole blood demonstrated potential interference at concentrations greater than $0 . 0 4 \% \ \mathrm { v / v }$ in urine and $0 . 6 6 \mu \mathrm { L } / \mathrm { m L }$ in vaginal swab specimens.

Table 16: Endogenous and Exogenous Interfering Substances Tested in Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name or Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name or Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norethindrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17-α-Ethinylestradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardneralla vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Acetamidophenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucous (Bovine Cervical)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenazopyridine Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin Trihydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azithromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feminine Deodorant Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Talcum Powder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethoxazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethoprim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr></table>

NI: No reportable interference with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV $^ \mathrm { a } 0 . 0 4 \%$ v/v maximum concentration where interference was not observed

Table 17: Endogenous and Exogenous Interfering Substances Tested in Vaginal Swab Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name or Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name orDescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCF Contraceptive Foam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Douche</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCF Contraceptive Film</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feminine Deodorant Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conceptrol Contraceptive Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gyne-Lotrimin 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monistat 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucous (Bovine Cervical)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tioconazole 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Anti-Itch Cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Lubricant Liquid - water based</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H Hemorrhoid Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiviral (Zovirax  Acyclovir)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AntiProtozoal (Metronidazole)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ib</td></tr></table>

NI: No reportable interference with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV I: Interference with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV $^ { \mathrm { a } } 2 5 \mu \mathrm { L / m L }$ maximum concentration where interference was not observed b $2 . 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L } / \mathrm { m L }$ maximum concentration where interference was not observed $^ { \mathrm { c } } 0 . 6 6 ~ { \mu \mathrm { L / m L } }$ maximum concentration where interference was not observed

# Carryover/Cross-Contamination

A study was conducted to investigate within-run carryover and between-run carryover while processing specimens with a high load of Chlamydia trachomatis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Trichomonas vaginalis in the BD MAX CT/GC/TV. A panel made of one high positive member containing the three target organisms and one negative member was used to prepare numerous samples. Strains of Chlamydia trachomatis (VR-879, Serovar H), Neisseria gonorrhoeae (ATCC 19424) and Trichomonas vaginalis (ATCC 30001) were used for the high positive panel member ( $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U }$ per mL). The negative member did not contain any target analyte. Twelve (12) replicates of the high positive panel member and 12 replicates of the negative panel member were tested in each run by alternating negative and positive samples. Two (2) operators performed a total of 6 consecutive runs across 3 BD MAX instruments for a total of 18 runs containing 24 samples. Of the 432 readings across all targets, no false positive results were obtained.

# Mixed Infection/Competitive Interference

The mixed infection/competitive interference study was designed to evaluate the ability of the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay to detect low positive results in the presence of other targets at high concentrations. Three (3) organisms (Chlamydia trachomatis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Trichomonas vaginalis) were individually prepared at $1 . 5 \mathrm { x }$ their respective LOD to serve as a low target in the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube. A high target mix comprised of the organisms representative of the other two BD MAX CT/GC/TV analytes at a concentration of ${ \geq } 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ EB, cells or $\mathrm { T V / m L }$ into the BD MAX UVE Sample Buffer Tube along with pooled urine or vaginal swab specimens and tested to simulate mixed infections. All three low target organisms were successfully detected by the BD MAX CT/GC/TV when combined with their respective simulated high target concentration mixed infection preparations in vaginal swab specimens. Chlamydia trachomatis and Trichomonas vaginalis low target organisms were successfully detected by the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay when combined with their respectived simulated high target concentration mixed infection preparations in urine specimens. The Neisseria gonorrhoeae low target in urine specimen required further evaluation and was successfully detected $( 9 5 . 3 1 \%$ (61/64)) when combined with the high target mixed infection preparations at a concentration of $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { E B }$ and $\mathrm { T V / m L }$ .

# Clinical Performance Studies

The Clinical Accuracy study was designed to assess the performance of the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay for the identification of Chlamydia trachomatis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Trichomonas vaginalis, from urine specimens, clinician-collected endocervical swab specimens and patient-collected vaginal swab specimens (in a clinical setting) from symptomatic or asymptomatic subjects. This multicenter study evaluated results obtained with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV compared to reference methods defining the Patient Infected Status (PIS).

Nine (9) geographically diverse clinical sites in North America participated in the clinical study to evaluate the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay, eight (8) of which were collection sites that also performed testing and one (1) clinical reference lab that only performed reference testing. Two thousand one hundred and sixty-six (2166) female subjects and 908 male subjects from OB/GYN, sexually transmitted disease (STD) and family planning clinics were enrolled in the Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae assay portion of the study. Of these, one thousand three hundred and twenty-seven (1327) female subjects were enrolled in the Trichomonas vaginalis assay portion of the study. Subjects were classified as symptomatic if they reported symptoms such as dysuria, urethral discharge, itching, odor, coital pain/difficulty/bleeding, testicular or scrotum pain/swelling, abnormal vaginal discharge, or pelvic/uterine/adnexal pain. Subjects were classified as asymptomatic if they did not report these symptoms.

The final data analysis included 2114 evaluable female subjects for Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae, with 1291 of these female subjects evaluable for Trichomonas vaginalis. For males, 892 were evaluable subjects for Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae analyses. From these compliant subjects, Chlamydia trachomatis performance was calculated from 1836 patient-collected vaginal swab, 1831 endocervical swab, 1849 female urine and 830 male urine specimens. Neisseria gonorrhoeae evaluable specimens included 1836 patient-collected vaginal swab, 1824 endocervical swab, 1849 female urine and 840 male urine specimens. Trichomonas vaginalis compliant specimens consisted of 1048 patient-collected vaginal swab, 1039 endocervical swab, and 1047 female urine specimens. Assay performance compared to PIS is reported in Table 18.

Table 18: Assay Performance Compared to PIS Composite Reference Method Algorithm   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Symp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Spec</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Rmm</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VagSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(51/51)93.0-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7(734/744)97.5-99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1(16/17)73.0-99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9(777/778)99.3-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1(27/29)78.0-98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5(270/277)94.9-98.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9(89/90)94.0-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6(938/951)97.7-99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3(26/27)81.7-99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8(1012/1014)99.3-99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7(119/123)91.9-98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(616/619)98.6-99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3(140/141)96.1-99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6(1672/1695)98.0-99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5(42/44)84.9-98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8(1789/1792)99.5-99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1(146/152)91.7-98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9(886/896)98.0-99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>EndoSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1(48/51)84.1-98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1(737/744)98.1-99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1(16/17)73.0-99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(777/777)99.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6(28/29)82.8-99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2(270/275)95.8-99.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6(84/87)90.3-98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4(943/949)98.6-99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3(26/27)81.7-99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9(1002/1003)99.4-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7(114/123)86.7-96.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8(611/612)99.1-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7(132/138)90.8-98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2(1680/1693)98.7-99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5(42/44)84.9-98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9(1779/1780)99.7-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4(142/152)88.3-96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3(881/887)98.5-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3(48/52)81.8-97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7(747/749)99.0-99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9(16/18)67.2-96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(779/783)98.7-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1(27/29)78.0-98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2(272/277)95.8-99.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1(82/90)83.4-95.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4(952/958)98.6-99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(28/28)87.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9(1019/1020)99.4-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8(116/125)86.9-96.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8(615/616)99.1-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5(130/142)85.8-95.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(1699/1707)99.1-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7(44/46)85.5-98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7(1798/1803)99.4-99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9(143/154)87.7-96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3(887/893)98.5-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NMl</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6(69/70)92.3-99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(378/380)98.1-99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0(4/5)37.6-96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(447/447)99.1-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6(105/111)88.7-97.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3(267/269)97.3-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(103/103)96.4-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(285/285)98.7-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1(174/181)92.2-98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4(645/649)98.4-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1(107/108)94.9-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(732/732)99.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Of the 6573 specimens initially evaluated with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay, $1 . 6 \%$ of patient-collected vaginal swab, $1 . 8 \%$ of endocervical swab and $1 . 5 \%$ of urine specimens initially reported as Unresolved. Following a valid repeat test, $0 . 5 \%$ of patient-collected vaginal swab, $0 . 8 \%$ of endocervical swab and $0 . 4 \%$ of urine specimens remained Unresolved. The total numbers in Table 19 are based on compliant specimens and BD MAX CT/GC/TV results.

Table 19: Unresolved Rates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Initial Unresolved Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Final Unresolved Rate with Valid Repeat</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6% (31/1910)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.1%, 2.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% (9/1908)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.2%, 0.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocervical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8% (34/1907)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.3%, 2.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8% (16/1902)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.5%, 1.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% (41/2756)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.1%, 2.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% (11/2752)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.2%, 0.7%)</td></tr></table>

Of the 6573 specimens initially evaluated with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay, $0 . 9 \%$ of patient-collected vaginal swab, $0 . 4 \%$ of endocervical swab and $0 . 9 \%$ of urine specimens initially reported as Indeterminate. Following a valid repeat test, $0 . 3 \%$ of patient-collected vaginal swab, $0 . 1 \%$ of endocervical swab and $0 . 2 \%$ of urine specimens remained Indeterminant. The total numbers in Table 20 are based on compliant specimens and BD MAX CT/GC/TV results.

Table 20: Indeterminate Rates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Initial Indeterminate Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Final Indeterminate Rate with Valid Repeat</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9% (17/1910)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.6%, 1.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3% (5/1908)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.1%, 0.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocervical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% (8/1907)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.2%, 0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (2/1902)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9% (25/2756)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.6%, 1.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2% (5/2752)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.1%, 0.4%)</td></tr></table>

Of the 6573 specimens initially evaluated with the BD MAX CT/GC/TV assay, $1 . 7 \%$ of patient-collected vaginal swab, $1 . 7 \%$ of endocervical swab and $1 . 9 \%$ of urine specimens initially reported as Incomplete. Following a valid repeat test, $0 . 1 \%$ of patient-collected vaginal swab, $0 . 1 \%$ of endocervical swab and $0 . 1 \%$ of urine specimens remained Incomplete. The total numbers in Table 21 are based on compliant specimens and BD MAX CT/GC/TV results.

Table 21: Incomplete Rates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Initial Incomplete Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Final Incomplete Rate with Valid Repeat</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7% (33/1910)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.2%, 2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (1/1908)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endocervical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7% (32/1907)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.2%, 2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (1/1902)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9% (52/2756)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.4%, 2.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (2/2752)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.3%)</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values

The prevalence of specimens that are positive for Chlamydia trachomatis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, and Trichomonas vaginalis depends upon the patient population. Factors include the type of clinic, patient age, risk factors, gender, and test method. In the BD MAX CT/GC/TV clinical study, a total of 1990 female subjects for Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae, and 1085 female subjects for Trichomonas vaginalis were compliant at the subject and composite reference method algorithm level. For male subjects, a total of 873 for Chlamydia trachomatis and 876 for Neisseria gonorrhoeae were compliant at the subject and composite reference method algorithm level.

Table 22: BD MAX CT/GC/TV Clinical Study Prevalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Symptom Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichomonas vaginalis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=19 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5% (5/27)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4% (2/27)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4% (2/13)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5% (5/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1% (7/29)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0% (13/216)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9% (2/216)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8% (3/34)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8% (2/113)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8% (2/113)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2% (1/45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2% (1/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9% (5/46)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5% (2/31)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/31)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1% (23/254)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1% (13/254)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8% (13/133)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7% (3/82)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7% (3/82)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3% (54/863)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% (22/863)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7% (31/319)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1% (8/61)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3% (2/61)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0% (13/62)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4% (10/106)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8% (3/106)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2% (15/87)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0% (14/199)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% (2/199)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5% (9/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3% (2/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7% (2/23)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4% (11/202)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% (2/202)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3% (20/194)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9% (2/70)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4% (1/70)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1% (14/58)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9% (42/352)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7% (20/352)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2% (41/269)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0% (9/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.4% (13/33)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7% (98/1127)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7% (30/1127)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6% (127/766)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6% (152/1990)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6% (52/1990)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6% (158/1085)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1% (2/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/18)</td><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6% (19/130)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8% (1/132)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8% (3/34)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/34)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4% (6/64)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6% (1/64)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2% (42/231)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3% (3/231)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1% (72/477)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% (5/479)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.4% (34/91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2% (32/91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.2% (37/153)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1% (34/154)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0% (4/8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0% (2/8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.9% (8/35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3% (5/35)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5% (30/109)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.4% (32/109)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.5% (113/396)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.4% (105/397)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2% (185/873)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6% (110/876)</td></tr></table>

# Positive and Negative Predictive Value

Hypothetical Positive Predictive Value (PPV) and Negative Predictive Value (NPV) were calculated and are represented in Tables 23-25 for Chlamydia trachomatis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae and Trichomonas vaginalis, respectively. These calculations are based on the hypothetical prevalence and overall sensitivity and specificity compared to the Patient Infected Status.

able 23: Hypothetical PPV and NPV for Chlamydia trachomatis Compared to PIS   
Table 24: Hypothetical PPV and NPV for Neisseria gonorrhoeae Compared to PIS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>95.7% (576/602)99.2% (5696/5744)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>95.7% (576/602)99.2% (5696/5744)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td></tr></table>

Table 25: Hypothetical PPV and NPV for Trichomonas vaginalis Compared to PIS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>97.1% (235/242)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>99.9% (6098/6107)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>94.1% (431/458) 99.2% (2654/2676)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>94.1% (431/458) 99.2% (2654/2676)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%</td></tr></table>