INOVA Diagnostics, Inc.   
Dr. Gabriella Lakos   
Director, Research and Development 9900 Old Grove Road   
San Diego, CA 92131

Re: K151429 Trade/Device Name: Quanta Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Jo-1 Quanta Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Jo-1 Calibrators Quanta Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Jo-1 Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5100 Regulation Name: Antinuclear Antibodies Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LLL, JIT, JJX Dated: January 14, 2016 Received: January 15, 2016

Dear Dr. Lakos:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kelly Oliner -S

FORK   
Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name

QUANTA Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Jo-1, QUANTA Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Jo-1 Calibrators, QUANTA Flash $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Jo-1 Controls

Indications for Use (Describe)   
QUANTA Flash Jo-1 is a chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative determination of IgG anti-Jo-1 antibodies in human serum. The presence of anti-Jo-1 antibodies, in conjunction with clinical findings and other laboratory tests, is an aid in the diagnosis of idiopathic inflammatory myopathy.

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators are intended for use with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Reagents for the determination of IgG anti-Jo-1 antibodies in human serum. Each calibrator establishes a point of reference for the working curve that is used to calculate unit values.

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Controls are intended for use with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Reagents for quality control in the determination of IgG anti-Jo-1 antibodies in human serum.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td>Inova Diagnostics A Werfen Company</td><td>510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>QUANTA Flash® Jo-1</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 Calibrators</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 Controls</td><td>Page 1 of 18</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Table of Contents   
Administrative data... 2   
Predicate device.. . 3   
Device description.. . 3   
Intended use(s) ..... .. 5   
Indications for use.... .. 5   
Substantial equivalence .... . 5   
Comparison to predicate device.. . 5   
Analytical performance characteristics . .. 7   
Quantitation and units of measure.. . 7   
Value assignment and traceability of Calibrators and Controls . . 7   
Precision ... .. 8   
Reproducibility .. .. 9   
Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD) . ... 9   
Analytical Measuring Range (AMR).. .. 10   
Auto-rerun function and reportable results .. ... 10   
High concentration hook effect.. ... 10   
Linearity ..... ... 10   
Interference.... .. 11   
Cross-reactivity.... .. 12   
Lot to lot comparison ........ ..... 12   
Sample Stability...... .... 13   
Reagent Stability ... ... 13   
Cut-off, reference range.. ... 16   
Clinical performance characteristics.. ... 17   
Clinical sensitivity, specificity .... ... 17   
Expected values... ... 18

Comparison with predicate device.. . 18

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Administrative data

# Submitter:

INOVA Diagnostics, Inc 9900 Old Grove Road, San Diego, CA, 92131

# Purpose of submission:

New device(s)

# Devices in the submission:

QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 Calibrators QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 Controls

# Scientific contact:

Gabriella Lakos, Director of Research, Rheumatology Inova Diagnostics, Inc.   
9900 Old Grove Road, San Diego, CA, 92131   
Phone: 858-586-9900/1393   
Fax: 858-863-0025   
email: glakos@inovadx.com

# Quality Systems contact:

Ronda Elliott, VP, Quality Systems and RA   
Inova Diagnostics, Inc   
9900 Old Grove Road, San Diego, CA, 92131   
Phone: 858-586-9900/1381   
Fax: 858-863-0025   
email: relliot@inovadx.com

# Device name (assay kit):

Proprietary name: QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 Common name: Anti-Jo-1 Chemiluminescent Immunoassay Classification name: anti- Jo-1 antibodies, antigen and control

# Regulation Description

Extractable Antinuclear Antibody, Antigen and Control

Regulation Medical Specialty   
Review Panel   
Product Code

Immunology Immunology LLL

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Number</td><td colspan="2">866.5100</td></tr><tr><td>Device Class</td><td>2</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device name (Calibrators):</td><td>Proprietary name:</td><td>QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Common name:</td><td>Jo-1 Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Classification name:</td><td>Calibrator, secondary</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Description</td><td>Calibrator</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Medical Specialty</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>JIT</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Number</td><td>862.1150</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Class</td><td>2</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device name (Controls):</td><td>Proprietary name:</td><td>QUANTA Flash® Jo-1 Controls</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Common name:</td><td>Jo-1 Controls</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Classification name:</td><td>single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>unassayed)</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Description</td><td>Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Medical Specialty</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>JJX</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Number</td><td>862.1660</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Class</td><td>1 (reserved)</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Predicate device

FIDIS Connective 10, 510(k) number: K053653

# Device description

The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay is designed to run on the BIO-FLASH® instrument. This platform is a fully automated closed system with continuous load and random access capabilities that automatically processes the samples, runs the assay and reports the results. It includes liquid handling hardware, luminometer and computer with software-user interface. The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay utilizes a reagent cartridge format, which is compatible with the BIO-FLASH instrument.

Recombinant Jo-1 antigen is coated onto paramagnetic beads, which is stored in the reagent cartridge as a suspension. When the cartridge is ready to be used for the first time, the entire cartridge is inverted several times to thoroughly mix the reagents. The reagent cartridge is then loaded onto the BIO-FLASH instrument. Samples are also loaded onto the instrument in sample racks. Serum samples are diluted by the BIO-FLASH with system rinse in a small disposable plastic cuvette. Small amounts of the diluted patient serum, the beads, and assay buffer are combined into a second cuvette, and mixed. This cuvette is then incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } .$ . The beads are magnetized and washed several times. Isoluminol conjugated anti-human IgG antibodies are then added to the cuvette, and again incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The beads are magnetized and washed repeatedly. The isoluminol conjugate is oxidized when Trigger 1 (Fe(III)coproporphyrin in sodium hydroxide solution) and Trigger 2 (urea-hydrogen peroxide in sodium chloride solution) are added to the cuvette, and the flash of light produced from this reaction is measured as Relative Light Units (RLU) by the BIO-FLASH optical system. The RLU are proportional to the amount of isoluminol conjugate that is bound to the human IgG, which is in turn proportional to the amount of anti-Jo-1 antibodies bound to the corresponding beads.

For quantitation, the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay utilizes a predefined lot specific Master Curve that is uploaded onto the instrument through the reagent cartridge barcode. Every new lot number of reagent cartridge must be calibrated before first use, with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators. Based on the results obtained with the two Calibrators included in the Calibrator Set (sold separately), an instrument specific Working Curve is created, which is used to calculate chemiluminescent units (CU) from the instrument signal (RLU) obtained for each sample.

The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 kit contains the following materials:

One (1) QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Reagent Cartridge

The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 reagent cartridge contains the following reagents for 50 determinations:

a. Jo-1 coated paramagnetic beads, in a suspension containing buffer, protein stabilizers and preservative.   
b. Assay buffer – colored pink, containing buffer, Tween 20, protein stabilizers and preservatives.   
c. Tracer IgG – Isoluminol labeled anti-human IgG antibodies in buffer, containing protein stabilizers and preservative.

The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators kit contains two vials of Calibrator 1 and two vials of Calibrator 2:

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators:

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrator 1: Two (2) barcode labeled tubes containing $0 . 3 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ prediluted, ready to use reagent. Calibrators contain human antibodies to Jo-1 in buffer, stabilizer and preservative. QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrator 2: Two (2) barcode labeled tubes containing $0 . 3 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ prediluted, ready to use reagent. Calibrators contain human antibodies to Jo-1 in buffer, stabilizer and preservative.

The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Controls kit contains two vials of Negative Control and two vials of Positive Control:

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Controls:

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Negative Control: Two (2) barcode labeled tubes containing $0 . 5 \ \mathsf { m L } ,$ ready to use reagent. Controls contain human antibodies to Jo-1 in buffer, stabilizer and preservative.   
QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Positive Control: Two (2) barcode labeled tubes containing $0 . 5 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ , ready to use reagent. Controls contain human antibodies to Jo-1 in buffer, stabilizer and preservative.

# Intended use(s)

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 is a chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative determination of IgG anti-Jo-1 antibodies in human serum. The presence of anti-Jo-1 antibodies, in conjunction with clinical findings and other laboratory tests, is an aid in the diagnosis of idiopathic inflammatory myopathies.

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators are intended for use with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Reagents for the determination of IgG anti-Jo-1 antibodies in human serum. Each calibrator establishes a point of reference for the working curve that is used to calculate unit values.

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Controls are intended for use with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Reagents for quality control in the determination of IgG anti-Jo-1 antibodies in human serum.

# Indications for use

Same as Intended use.

# Substantial equivalence

The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Reagent, the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators and the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Controls have the same intended use and assay principle as the predicate device, FIDIS Connective 10. Comparison to predicate device

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 reagent kit

# Similarities

<table><tr><td>510(k) Sh® Jo-1</td><td>Page 6 of 18</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Jo-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative determination ofanti-Jo-1 antibodies in human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative detection of anti-Jo-1antibodies in human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid phase immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid phase immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant antigen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Jo-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection/Operating principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex bead-based flow cytometricfluorescent immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramagnetic microparticles (beads)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color-coded microspheres</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoluminol conjugated anti-humanIgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phycoerythrin conjugated anti-humanIgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot specific Master Curve + twocalibrators (sold separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration system interpolatesfluorescent intensity(Included in the kit)</td></tr></table>

QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1Reagents Each calibrator establishesa point of reference for the workingcurve that is used to calculate unitvalues.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No separate intended use; calibratorsare part of the kit.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Jo-1 antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Jo-1 antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Jo-1chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included in FIDIS Connective 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, stabilizer, andpreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CU (Chemiluminescent units)(arbitrary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU/mL (arbitrary)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physico-chemicalcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, prediluted, ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, prediluted, ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>510(k) s Sh® Jo-1</td><td>Page 7 of 18</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1reagents for quality control in thedetermination of IgG anti-Jo-1autoantibodies in human serum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No separate intended use; controls arepart of the kit.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Jo-1 antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Jo-1 antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Jo-1chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included in FIDIS Connective 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, stabilizers, andpreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CU (Chemiluminescent units)(arbitrary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU/mL (arbitrary)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physico-chemicalcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, to be diluted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (negative and positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (negative and positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One year</td></tr></table>

# Analytical performance characteristics

# Quantitation and units of measure

For quantitation, the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay utilizes a lot specific Master Curve that is uploaded onto the instrument through the reagent cartridge barcode. The Master Curve for QUANTA Flash Jo-1 consists of 6 Standards. These Master Curve Standards are used to create the lot specific Master Curve during the manufacturing procedure.

List of Jo-1 Standards:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assigned Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Master Curve Standard 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Master Curve Standard 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Master Curve Standard 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9 CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Master Curve Standard 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.1CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Master Curve Standard 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.2 CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Master Curve Standard 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1147.2 CU</td></tr></table>

Value assignment and traceability of Calibrators and Controls

The QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Calibrators and Controls are manufactured by diluting human serum that contains high titer of anti-Jo-1 antibodies with stabilizer and preservative. The human serum is obtained from commercial sources and it is tested for markers of infectious substances.

The target CU is achieved through trial dilutions on small scale. Once a dilution is selected, the Calibrators and Control are bulked, tested, and adjusted. Upon completion of the manufacturing process, the Calibrators and Controls are tested on at least two instruments, on at least two lots of reagent cartridge, in replicates of 10 to determine final value assignment.

Calibrator and Control values are directly traceable to the in-house Standards that are used to create the Master Curves for the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay.

Jo-1 Calibrators and Controls with target manufacturing values:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ManufacturingTarget Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ManufacturingTarget Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Calibrator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17-21CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Calibrator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280 -360CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-12CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jo-1 Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-60CU</td></tr></table>

# Precision

The precision of the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay was evaluated on 9 samples containing various concentrations of Jo-1 antibodies in accordance with CLSI EP05-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline. Samples were run in duplicates, twice a day, for 20 days.

Data were analyzed with the Analyse-it for Excel method evaluation software, and within run, between run, between day and total precision were calculated.

Acceptance criteria: Total $\% { \mathrm { C V } } { : < 1 0 \% }$

Results are summarized in the Table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QUANTA Flash® Jo-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pt H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

Five samples were tested on three different instruments at three different sites. Samples were run in replicates of five, once a day for 5 days, to generate 25 data points per sample, per site. Data were analyzed with the Analyse-it for Excel method evaluation software, and within days, between days, between site, and total precision were calculated.

Acceptance criteria: Total $\% { \mathrm { C V } } { : } < 1 5 \%$

Results are summarized in the Table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QUANTA Flash® Jo-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>854.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD)

The LoD of the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay is 409 RLU, which is below the analytical measuring range of the assay. It was determined consistent with CLSI EP17-A2 guideline with proportions of false positives (alpha) less than $5 \%$ and false negatives (beta) less than $5 \%$ ; based on 240 determinations, with 60 measurements on blank samples and 60 measurements of low level samples, per reagent lot. The LoB is 337 RLU.

These values are below the value of the lowest QUANTA Flash Jo-1 Master Curve standard, i.e. below the Analytical Measuring Range.

# Analytical Measuring Range (AMR)

QUANTA Flash Jo-1: 2.2 CU – 1147.2 CU

The AMR is defined by the values of the lowest and highest Master Curve Standards.

# Auto-rerun function and reportable results

The BIO-FLASH software has an Auto-rerun option available. If this option is selected, the instrument will automatically rerun any sample that has a result of >1147.2 CU after further diluting it by 20 fold, thereby bringing the measured value within the AMR. The final result will be calculated by the software by taking into account the additional dilution factor. As the highest value that can be directly measured is 1147.2 CU, the highest value that can be reported is 22944 CU.

# High concentration hook effect

To assess hook effect, measurement signal (relative light units, RLU) was examined by performing serial dilutions of two high positive samples (with results above the AMR when tested as neat samples). RLU values showed increase with increasing antibody concentrations above the AMR, thereby confirming that high positive specimens above the analytical measuring range do not show hook effect up to 65625.5 CU in the Jo-1 assay (the highest concentration that was tested).

# Linearity

The linearity of the AMR was evaluated by a study according to CLSI EP6-A, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline. Fiver serum samples with various Jo-1 antibody concentrations were diluted with negative serum in $10 \%$ increments (from $0 \%$ to $90 \%$ negative serum) to obtain values that cover the AMR. The dilutions were assayed in duplicates. Percent recovery of obtained mean results was calculated compared to the expected mean results (based on the dilution factor). Moreover, obtained values of individual replicates were plotted against expected values, and linear regression analysis was performed.

Acceptance criteria:

- Recovery is between $8 0 - 1 2 0 \%$ , $0 \mathsf { r } \pm 4 \mathsf { C } \mathsf { U }$ , whichever is greater.   
- For linear regression analysis, slope is between 0.9-1.1, and ${ \mathsf { R } } ^ { 2 }$ is $\ge 0 . 9 5$ .

All five specimens showed dilution linearity individually.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Range (CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 - 14.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.96 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9 - 44.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.95 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1 - 110.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.98 to 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.1 - 686.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.95 to 1.04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.3 - 1126.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92 (0.89 to 0.96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

The combined data yielded the following results with linear regression:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Range (CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 - 1126.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 (0.95 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

These data demonstrate the linearity of the analytical measuring range (2.2 CU – 1147.2 CU) of the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay.

# Interference

The interference study was performed according to CLSI EP07-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. Three specimens were tested (negative: 11.3 CU; around cutoff: 21.1 CU; positive: 117.0 CU). Interfering substances (hemoglobin, bilirubin, and triglycerides/cholesterol) were spiked into every specimen at three different concentrations in $10 \%$ of total specimen volume, and the resulting samples were assessed in triplicates with the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay. Moreover, 3 additional samples (negative: 7.3 CU; low positive: 32.5 CU; high positive: 123 CU) were tested for RF interference by combining them with different proportions of a high positive RF IgM serum sample $( 1 8 9 4 \ | \mathrm { U / m L } )$ . Recovery of the unit values was calculated compared to control samples spiked with the same volume of diluents ( $10 \%$ of total sample volume, except for RF). For the RF interference study, recovery values were calculated compared to control samples created by adding negative serum to the test serum in the same proportions as the RF serum was used). Acceptance criteria for the interference studies were $8 5 \% - 1 1 5 \%$ recovery for samples above the cutoff, and $\pm 4$ CU difference for samples below the cutoff.

No interference was detected with bilirubin up to $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (recovery: $89 \%$ to $9 8 \%$ ), hemoglobin up to $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ (recovery: $86 \%$ to $101 \%$ or $< 4$ CU), triglycerides up to $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ (recovery: $86 \%$ to $9 9 \%$ or $< 4 \ \mathsf { C U }$ ), cholesterol up to $2 2 4 . 3 ~ \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { d L }$ (recovery: $86 \%$ to $9 9 \%$ or $< 4$ CU) and RF up to $9 4 7 \ 1 \mathrm { U / m L }$ (recovery: $100 \%$ to $1 1 4 \%$ or $< 4 \subset \mathsf { U }$ ).

# Cross-reactivity

To test potential cross-reactivity with autoantibodies and infection-induced antibodies, results obtained on 201 control samples that were included in the clinical validation study were assessed. These samples were from patients with autoimmune diseases that are characterized with disease specific autoantibodies, or from patients with infection. The composition of the cohort and the anti-Jo-1 positivity rate is shown in the Table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Sclerosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Lupus Erythematosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Septicaemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mixed Connective Tissue Disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sjögren&#x27;s syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr></table>

Based on the results, the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 assay does not show cross-reactivity with autoantibodies that are present in various autoimmune diseases or with antibodies against infectious agents.

# Lot to lot comparison

Five unique samples with various reactivity levels were tested with three different reagent lots: RP0007, 141011, 151012. The samples covered the analytical measuring range of the assay. Samples were tested in replicates of 5, once per day, for 5 days according to CLSI EP05-A3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline.

Data were analyzed with the Analyse-it for Excel method evaluation software to calculate between lot precision.

Acceptance criteria: Between lot $\% { \mathrm { C V } } { : < 1 0 \% }$ Results are summarized in the Table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QUANTA Flash Jo-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (CU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>382.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>911.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td></tr></table>

# Sample Stability

Seven samples, encompassing negative, around the cutoff and moderate to high positive samples were tested in duplicates after storing for up to 21 days at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C ,$ , up to 48 hours at room temperature (RT), moreover, after repeated freeze/thaw cycles up to 5 cycles. Results were compared to those obtained on control samples (day zero, at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ )

Acceptance criteria: $9 0 – 1 1 0 \%$ average recovery.

All samples fulfilled the acceptance criteria at each time point for each condition.

Based on these result, we recommend that samples are stored up to 48 hours at RT, up to 14 days at 2-8 ${ } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } ,$ and can be subjected to up to 3 freeze/thaw cycles (when samples are stored at or below $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ .

# Reagent Stability

# Shelf life

To establish the initial claim for shelf life, accelerated stability studies were performed for 4 weeks at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C ,$ , where one week is equal to six months at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ .

Accelerated stability testing was performed on each of the following sealed components of the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 to establish initial stability claim: the beads, the two Calibrators, and the Negative and Positive Controls. Each week a new sealed component was placed in the incubator, and all components were tested at the end of the experiment together with the one that was stored at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ . The recovery of the measured values was calculated for each time point (compared to those obtained with $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ stored reagent). All calculations were performed by comparing results of sealed components stored at 5 $\pm 3 \%$ (control) to those stored at $3 7 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ (test) for 1, 2, 3, and 4 weeks, where one week is equal to six months at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ . Linear regression analysis was performed between recovery values and the number of days.

Acceptance criteria for one year preliminary expiration dating:

- Beads:

With regression analysis, the lower and upper $9 5 \%$ Cl interval of the regression line is between $85 \%$ and $1 1 5 \%$ recovery at day 14, and no individual data point has $\leq 7 5 \%$ or $2 1 2 5 \%$ recovery at day 14.

- Controls and Calibrators:

With regression analysis, the lower and upper $9 5 \%$ Cl interval of the regression line is between $90 \%$ and $110 \%$ recovery at day 14, and no individual data point has ${ \leq } 8 0 \%$ or $2 1 2 0 \%$ recovery at day 14.

Beads

Testing was performed on three lots of Jo-1 coupled beads using up to 13 characterized samples with various reactivity levels.

All three lots of beads retained between $8 5 \%$ and $1 1 5 \%$ reactivity (considering the $9 5 \%$ CI of the regression line) after two weeks at $3 7 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C _ { \iota }$ , and therefore pass the acceptance criteria for one year expiration date.

# Calibrators and Controls

Testing was performed on three lots of Jo-1 Calibrators and Controls. All Calibrators and Controls maintained between $90 \%$ and $110 \%$ reactivity (considering the $9 5 \%$ CI of the regression line) when stored at $3 7 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for 2 weeks, and therefore pass the acceptance criteria for one year expiration dating.

# In-use (onboard) stability

# Calibrators

Onboard stability claim: 4 calibrations, or 8 hours onboard

During assessment of on-board stability, Calibrators were placed uncapped, onboard the instrument, and calibration was performed altogether five times over 9.5 hours. Controls and a panel of characterized patient specimens were run on each calibration curve.

Calibrators are considered stable if all five calibrations performed in the 9.5 hour period are successful, and average Calibrator RLU recovery values are between $90 \%$ and $110 \%$ compared to the first use.

A total of 5 successful calibrations were performed over a 9.5 hour period. Calibrator RLU values remained within the $9 0 – 1 1 0 \%$ range. Moreover, all Controls and patient panel samples ran within their expected range. This supports the claim that calibrators can be used for up to 4 calibrations over an 8 hour period.

# Controls

Onboard stability claim: up to 15 uses, at 10 minutes onboard per use

During assessing on-board stability, 2 vials of each Control were assayed twice a day for a total of 21 runs. The first run was used to establish baseline value, by running each vial in duplicate, and then additional 20 runs were performed, by running each vial in singleton. During runs, the Controls were left uncapped, onboard the instrument for 15 minutes per run. When not in use, the controls were capped, and stored at $5 \pm 3 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ .

Percent recovery of each value was calculated compared to the baseline value. Controls are considered stable when all values run within their established range, and the linear regression line obtained by plotting %recovery values against the number of runs stays between $85 \%$ and $11 5 \%$ at run 15.

All controls ran within their respective acceptable ranges for all runs. Moreover, the regression line remained between $85 \%$ and $1 1 5 \%$ at run 15 for both Controls. These results support the claim that controls can be used for up to 15 times, at 10 minutes per use.

# Reagent Cartridge

To establish the in-use stability of the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 reagent cartridge, two lots of reagent were tested with 4 serum specimens (with different reactivity levels) along with the Negative and Positive Controls. The specimens were tested periodically up to 92 days. Percent recoveries were calculated compared to the day zero average values, and linear regression analysis was performed by plotting %recovery against the number of days. The claim was established using the following criteria (using the one that is fulfilled first):

- The stability claim is established at the actual measurement day preceding the day when the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of the regression line reaches $85 \%$ or $1 1 5 \%$ recovery, or

- At the actual measurement day preceding the day when 2 data points or $22 \%$ of the recovery data (whichever is greater) is $\leq 7 5 \%$ or $\ge 1 2 5 \%$ recovery.

As none of these endpoints were reached during the duration of the studies, the in-use (onboard) stability of two lots are as follows:

111001: 74 days

111002: 71 days

The in onboard stability of Jo-1 reagent cartridge was set at 71 days.

# Real time stability

Real time stability testing has been scheduled to be performed approximately every three months on the reagent cartridge, Calibrators and Controls, to verify the one year expiration that was assigned based on accelerated stability studies. At the time of the submission, results were available up to 12 months for reagent cartridge, up to 15 months on Calibrators and up to 16 months on Controls.

For reagent cartridge, QC panel samples were tested in singleton at each time point. The QC panel is a group of characterized patient samples with target values, used by the QC Department for reagent release and QC.

- Acceptance criteria: results should fall within their respective QC ranges.

Calibrators were used to calibrate a cartridge at each time point. After calibration, the QC panel samples were tested in singleton at each time point.

- Acceptance criteria: results should fall within their respective QC ranges.

Controls were tested in singleton on a calibrated cartridge at each time point. Individual values were compared to the values that were assigned to the Controls at release.

- Acceptance criteria: results should fall within their acceptable ranges as were established at the release of the Controls.

All results to date were within the acceptance limit, therefore one year expiration dating has been verified through real-time studies.

# Cut-off, reference range

QUANTA Flash Jo-1: Negative <20 CU Positive ≥20 CU

The reference population for establishing the reference interval for the Jo-1 assay consisted of 207 subjects:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Sclerosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Lupus Erythematosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crohn&#x27;s disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Sclerosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis C Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ulcerative Colitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Psoriatic Arthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syphilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Healthy Individuals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymyalgia Rheumatica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spondylarthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sjogren&#x27;s Syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr></table>

\*The Other samples group includes: Monoclonal Gammopathy (2), Primary Biliary Cirrhosis (2), Mixed Connective Tissue Disease (2), Wegener’s Granulomatosis (2), CREST (1), Gout (1) and Psoriatic arthritis (1)

All specimens were the same matrix (serum) as specified in the Intended Use. All specimens were unaltered. The cut-off was established in accordance to CLSI EP28-A3c: Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline - Third Edition. The Analyseit for Excel software was used to make the calculations. The distribution of the results was non-normal (Shapiro-Wilk ${ \mathsf { p } } { < } 0 . 0 0 0 1$ ), so the non-parametric percentile method was used. The 99th percentile of the remaining obtained values was calculated as 9151 RLU.

The cutoff was set to 10000 RLU. One Systemic Sclerosis patient tested positive at this cutoff level.

# Clinical performance characteristics

# Clinical sensitivity, specificity

A cohort of 487 characterized samples, none of which were used for establishing the reference range, was used to validate the clinical performance of the QUANTA Flash Jo-1. All samples were run on the QUANTA Flash Jo-1. The distribution of the cohort and the Jo-1 positivity rate is in the Table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Sclerosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Lupus Erythematosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Septicacaemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mixed Connective Tissue Disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sjögren&#x27;s syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Idiopathic Inflammatory Myopathy (IIM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

The composition if the IIM cohort is shown below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Idiopathic Inflammatory Myopathy (IIM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dermatomyositis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymyositis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Juvenile Dermatomyositis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Others (IMNM, OM, UM)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM not further specified</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td></tr></table>

\*IMNM – immune mediated necrotizing myopathy, OM – overlap myositis, UM – undifferentiated myopathies

The results were analyzed to calculate sensitivity and specificity for IIM $\scriptstyle ( n = 2 0 6 )$ , using all 281 controls.

Clinical sensitivity and specificity of the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 in IIM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Clinical Sensitivity andSpecificity (N=487)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QUANTA Flash Jo-1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analysis(95% confidence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity = 11.7% (8.0 - 16.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity = 99.3% (97.4 - 99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Expected values

The expected value in the normal population is “negative”. Anti-Jo-1 antibody levels were analyzed in a cohort of 400 apparently healthy blood donors (246 females and 154 males, ages 17 to 60 years, with an average or 34.7 years and median age of 34 years) using the QUANTA Flash Jo-1. This patient population was different from the one that was used to establish the cutoff, and was only used to assess expected values. None of the samples tested positive in this cohort. The mean concentration was 2.3 CU, and the values ranged from $< 2 . 2$ to 16.3 CU.

# Comparison with predicate device

Samples for method comparison analysis included 425 samples from the clinical validation study, along with 26 additional samples. These additional samples were contrived by diluting Jo-1 positive samples with negative serum. Altogether 21 samples were used to create the additional 26 samples. These samples were tested on both the QUANTA Flash Jo-1 and on the predicate assay, FIDIS Connective 10. The predicate device has a borderline range, $3 0 { \cdot } 4 0 \ \mathsf { A U / m L }$ . A total of 105 samples were within the analytical measuring range of the assay. The data are presented in two ways; with predicate borderline samples as negative in the first table, then as positive in the following table:

Method Comparison, samples within AMR:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Method Comparison (N=105)Predicate borderline as negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QUANTA Flash Jo-1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Percent Agreement(95% Confidence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg. Agree = 86.7% (77.8 - 92.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos. Agree = 90.9% (72.2 - 97.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agree = 87.6% (80.0 - 92.6%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Method Comparison (N=105)Predicate borderline as positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QUANTA Flash Jo-1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Percent Agreement(95% Confidence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg. Agree = 92.1% (83.8 - 96.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos. Agree = 86.2% (69.4 - 94.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agree = 90.5% (83.4 - 94.7%)</td></tr></table>