ORTHO-CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS, INC.   
MS. JESSICA MILLER   
SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS ASSOCIATE 100 INDIGO CREEK DRIVE   
ROCHESTER, NEW YORK 14626

Re: K152433 Trade/Device Name: VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5270 Regulation Name: C-Reactive Protein immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DCK, JIT Dated: August 26, 2015 Received: August 27, 2015

Dear Ms. Miller:

September 24, 2015

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part

807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638- 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kelly Oliner -S

# FOR

Leonthena Carrington, MS, MBA, MT (ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K152433

Device Name VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides and VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7

Indications for Use (Describe)   
VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides:   
For in vitro diagnostic use only.   
VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides quantitatively measure C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration in serum and plasma using VITROS 250/350/5,1 FS and 4600 Chemistry Systems and the VITROS 5600 Integrated System. C-reactive protein is synthesized by the liver and is one of the acute phase proteins. In the acute phase response, increased concentrations of a number of plasma proteins, including CRP, are observed. CRP concentration measurements are useful in the detection and evaluation of inflammatory disorders, tissue injury, and infections.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides, Calibrator Kit 7

A summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Submitter Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Address</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 Indigo Creek DriveRochester, New York 14626</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phone number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">908-218-8173</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fax number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">908-218-8168</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Establishment RegistrationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1319681</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name of contact person</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jessica Miller</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">August 26, 2015</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Name of devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade or proprietary name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITROS Chemistry Products CRP SlidesVITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common or usual name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C-reactive protein immunological test system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C-reactive protein, antigen, antiserum, and control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.5270: C-Reactive Protein immunological testsystem21 CFR 862.1150: CalibratorClassification: Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DCK, JIT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legally marketeddevice(s) to whichequivalence isclaimed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides and VITROSChemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7 (modified) is substantiallyequivalent to the VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides andVITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7 (current),cleared March, 2003 (K030626).</td></tr><tr><td>Device description</td><td>The VITROS CRP Slide method is performed using the VITROS CRP Slides and the VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7 on VITROS Chemistry and Integrated Systems. The VITROS CRP Slide is a multilayered, analytical element coated on a polyester support. The immuno-rate format for CRP is based on an enzymatic heterogeneous, sandwich immunoassay format. In this format a derivative of phosphorylcholine (PC) is covalently bound to polystyrene polymer beads and in the presence of calcium serves as a capture agent. Monoclonal anti-CRP antibody conjugated to horseradish peroxidase (HRP) serves as a signal generator. A drop of patient sample is deposited on the slide and is evenly distributed by the spreading layer to the underlying layers. CRP in the sample binds to PC-linked capture beads and anti- CRP antibody labeled with horseradish peroxidase to form an insoluble sandwich complex in Incubation 1. The subsequent addition of 12 µL of VITROS Immuno-Wash Fluid to the slide removes unbound materials from the read area, while also providing the hydrogen peroxide required for the enzyme- mediated oxidation of leuco dye. The reflection density of the dye is measured after the addition of VITROS Immuno-Wash Fluid at the end of Incubation 2. This reflection density is directly proportional to the concentration of CRP in the sample. To determine if an adequate wash has occurred, the wash detection dye is read at 540 nm immediately after Incubation 2. The VITROS Calibrator Kit 7 is prepared from processed human serum to which purified human C-reactive protein, inorganic salts, and preservatives have been added. The human blood products provided as components of VITROS Calibrator Kit 7 have been tested at the individual donor level and found nonreactive for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), antibody to HCV, and antibody to HIV using FDA approved methods.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use/Indications for Use Systems and the VITROS 5600 Integrated System.</td><td>CRP Slide: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides quantitatively measure C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration in serum and plasma using VITROS 250/350/5,1 FS and 4600 Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>C-reactive protein is synthesized by the liver and is one of the acute phase proteins. In the acute phase response, increased concentrations of a number of plasma proteins, including CRP, are observed. CRP concentration measurements are useful in the detection and evaluation of inflammatory disorders, tissue injury, and infections.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Calibrator Kit 7: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7 is used to calibrate VITROS 250/350/5,1 FS and 4600 Chemistry Systems and the VITROS 5600 Integrated System for the quantitative measurement of CRP.</td></tr></table>

# Comparison with Predicate Devices:

Table 1: VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate [VITROS CRP Slides(Current), K030626]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device [VITROS CRPSlides (Modified)]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use only.VITROS Chemistry Products CRPSlides quantitatively measure C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrationin serum and plasma using VITROS250/350/950/5,1 FS and 4600Chemistry Systems and the VITROS5600 Integrated System.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use only.VITROS Chemistry Products CRPSlides quantitatively measure C-reactive protein (CRP)concentration in serum and plasmausing VITROS 250/350/5,1 FS and4600 Chemistry Systems and theVITROS 5600 Integrated System.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed-point immuno-rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr></table>

Table 1: VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate [VITROS CRP Slides(Current), K030626]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device [VITROS CRPSlides (Modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentComposition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive Ingredients:Immobilized phosphorylcholine;mouse anti-CRPantibody labeled with horseradishperoxidase; calciumchloride; and 2-(3,5-dimethoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-bis(4-dimethylaminophenyl)imidazole (leuco dye)Other Ingredients:Binders, buffer, surfactants, cross-linking agent, polymer beads,proteins, stabilizers and washdetection dye.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay RangeSerum, Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 - 90 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incubation timeand temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 minutes at 37°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationTraceability ofValues (VITROSChemistryProductsCalibrator Kit 7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRMM Reference Material ERM-DA472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRMM Reference Material ERM-DA474/IFCC</td></tr></table>

Table 2: VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate [VITROS Calibrator Kit 7(Current), K030626]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device[VITROS Calibrator Kit 7(Modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use only.VITROS Chemistry Products CalibratorKit 7 is used to calibrate VITROS250/350/950/5,1 FS and 4600 ChemistrySystems and the VITROS 5600 IntegratedSystem for the quantitative measurementof CRP.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic useonly.VITROS Chemistry ProductsCalibrator Kit 7 is used tocalibrate VITROS250/350/5,1 FS and 4600Chemistry Systems and theVITROS 5600 IntegratedSystem for the quantitativemeasurement of CRP.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix/Ingredients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid; processed human serum to whichpurified human C-reactive protein,inorganic salts, and preservatives havebeen added.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability ofValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRMM Reference Material ERM-DA472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRMM Reference MaterialERM-DA474/IFCC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nominal Valuesfor CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial 1: 7 mg/LVial 2: 25 mg/LVial 3: 100 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary:

Substantial Equivalence was demonstrated by testing several performance characteristics including method comparison, linearity and detection (analytical range).

# Method Comparison:

Method Comparison testing followed CLSI Protocol EP09-A3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples. Human serum samples were tested with the VITROS Chemistry Products CRP assay traceable to ERM-DA474 and the obtained results were compared to the predicate method (VITROS Chemistry Products CRP assay traceable to ERM-DA472). 98 to103 samples ranging from 5 to $9 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ were tested with both assays. The correlation between the assays on each VITROS System is summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS 350 ChemistrySystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009 (1.008 to1.010)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.819 (4.886 to -4.751)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS 5,1 FS ChemistrySystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009 (1.007 to 1.011)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.938 (-5.070 to -4.805)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS 4600 ChemistrySystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009 (1.006 to 1.012)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.952 (-5.114 to -4.790)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITROS 5600 ChemistrySystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009 (1.006 to 1.011)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.905 (-5.052 to -4.759)</td></tr></table>

# Limits of blank, detection, and quantitation:

The Limit of Blank (LOB), Limit of Detection (LOD), and Limit of Quantitation (LOQ) of the VITROS CRP assay were determined according to CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures. The following limits were determined:

LOB: $2 . 0 3 \mathrm { m g / L }$ LOD: $2 . 7 2 \mathrm { m g / L }$ LOQ: $4 . 8 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$

# Linearity:

Linearity was determined following CLSI EP6-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: a Statistical Approach: Approved Guideline. A high CRP serum pool was intermixed with a low serum pool to generate 14 concentration levels each tested in six replicate determinations. Linear results were compared to 2nd and 3rd order polynomial fits against a pre-specified allowable error. The linearity range was found to extend across the measuring range of 5 to $9 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ .

# Analytical Range (Serum/Plasma):

Results from linearity and detection studies support the analytical measuring range of the VITROS Chemistry Products Slides on the VITROS Systems as seen below.

<table><tr><td>Analyzers</td><td>VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Assay</td></tr><tr><td>VITROS 250/350, 5,1 FS, and 4600 Chemistry System, VITROS 5600 Integrated System</td><td>5 to 90 mg/L</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests (discussed above) demonstrate the modified VITROS Chemistry Products CRP Slides and VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 7 are as safe and effective as the predicate devices. The information submitted in the premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.