SEBIA, INC.   
Karen Anderson, MT (ASCP)   
Director of Technical Training and Regulatory Suite 400, 1705 Corporate Drive   
Norcross, GA 30093

Re: K161928 Trade/Device Name: CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING, CAPILLARYS 3 TERA, IT/IF Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866.5510$ Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins (A, G, M, D, E) Immunological Test Systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CFF - Immunoelectrophoretic, Immunoglobulins (G, A, M) Dated: December 15, 2016 Received: December 19, 2016

Dear Ms. Karen Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Kelly Oliner -S

For   
Leonthena Carrington, MBA, MS, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K161928

Device Name CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit is designed for the qualitative detection and the characterization of monoclonal proteins (immunotyping) in human serum with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument, SEBIA, for capillary electrophoresis. It is used in conjunction with the CAPI 3 PROTEIN(E) 6 kit, SEBIA, designed for proteins separation into 6 major fractions in alkaline buffer $\mathrm { ( p H 9 . 9 ) }$ ).

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument performs all procedural sequences automatically to obtain a protein profile for qualitative analysis. Each serum sample is mixed with individual antisera that are specific against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A) and mu $( \mathrm { I g } \mathrm { M } )$ heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) light chains and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively.

The proteins, separated in silica capillaries, are directly detected by their absorbance at $2 0 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually to detect the presence of specific reactions with the suspect monoclonal proteins.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K161928

Device Name IT / IF Control

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K SUMMARY (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Submitter Name</td><td>Sebia, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td>1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400 Norcross, Georgia 30093, USA</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Karen Anderson, Dir of Technical and QA</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phone: 1-800-835-6497</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Fax: 770-446-8511</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Email: karen.anderson@sebia-usa.com</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Aigars Brants, Ph.D, Scientific Affairs Officer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phone 1-800-835-6497</td></tr><tr><td>Contact</td><td>Fax 770-446-8511</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Email: aigars.brants@sebia-usa.com</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared</td><td>October 6, 2016 / Revision Dec 14, 2016</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Sebia</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Parc Technologique Léonard de Vinci</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Rue Léonard de Vinci,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>CP 8010 LISSES, 91008 EVRY Cedex</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>FRANCE</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing</td><td>Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING (PN 2600) IT / IF Control (PN 4788)</td></tr><tr><td>Product Name</td><td>using CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument (PN 1246)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Monoclonal Immunoglobulins by Capillary</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name</td><td>Electrophoresis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>21 CFR Part 866.5510, 866.5550, 866.1630,</td></tr><tr><td>Product Regulation No.</td><td>862.1660</td></tr><tr><td>Product Codes</td><td>CFF, DFH, DEH, CEF, JJY</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Class II (Test System), Class I (Controls</td></tr><tr><td>Device classification</td><td>Electrophoretic Protein Fractionation)</td></tr><tr><td>Establishment Registration No.</td><td>8023024</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device 510(k) number</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K130500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS2 CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K130500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IT / IF CONTROL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K130500</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

# CAPILLARYS 3 TERA INSTRUMENT

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in liquid solution. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Separation occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow. The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses.

# CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING KIT

In CAPI 3 MMUNUOTYPING kit contains the sample diluent and specific antisera against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A), mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and free and bound Kappa and Lambda light chains. A sample dilution is prepared and injected at the anodic end of six capillaries. The reference pattern (ELP pattern), which is a complete electrophoretic pattern of the sample’s proteins, is obtained by mixing the sample with the ELP solution and injection into the $1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ capillary. The antisera patterns are obtained by sample aspiration into the 5 subsequent capillaries separation is performed in a high voltage electrical field and detected using absorbance at $2 0 0 \mathsf { n m }$ .

# IT/IF CONTROL

The IT / IF control contains three monoclonal proteins which can be used as a qualitative control with the CAPI IMMUNOTYPING kit on the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument.

# Reagents:

# CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 2600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample diluent (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 60 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pierceable cap for the Sample diluent vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 cap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rack with ELP solution and antiserum tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELP solution (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumangamma heavy chains (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumanalpha heavy chains (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumanmu heavy chains (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumankappa (free and bound) light chains(ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumanlambda (free and bound) light chains(ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr></table>

# Additional reagents not included in the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COMPONENTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 PROTEIN(E) 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 vials buffer, 700 mL each4 filters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPICLEAN CAPILLARYS 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 25 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 3 WASH SOLUTION</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 75mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 DISPOSABLES KIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2580</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 packs of 14 reagent cups5 bins for used reagent cups</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEST TUBES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 of 100mm-tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 BINS FOR USED REAGENTCUPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 units</td></tr></table>

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit is designed for the qualitative detection and the characterization of monoclonal proteins (immunotyping) in human serum with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument, SEBIA, for capillary electrophoresis. It is used in conjunction with the CAPI 3 PROTEIN(E) 6 kit, SEBIA, designed for proteins separation into 6 major fractions in alkaline buffer $( { \mathsf { p H } } 9 . 9 )$ .

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument performs all procedural sequences automatically to obtain a protein profile for qualitative analysis. Each serum sample is mixed with individual antisera that are specific against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A) and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) light chains and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively. The proteins, separated in silica capillaries, are directly detected by their absorbance at 200 nm.

The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually to detect the presence of specific reactions with the suspect monoclonal proteins.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

The IT / IF Control is designed to quality control the qualitative detection and characterization of human monoclonal immunoglobulins (Ig G, Ig A, Ig M, Kappa and Lambda) with the electrophoresis methods:

Immunotyping performed using capillary electrophoresis on SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2, CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING and CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instruments and on SEBIA MINICAP instrument,

Immunofixation methods: SEBIA HYDRAGEL IF, HYDRAGEL IF Penta, HYDRAGEL BENCE JONES (Standard mask and Dynamic mask) performed using the HYDRASYS and HYDRASYS 2 instruments and the K20 electrophoresis chamber.

The IT / IF Control is designed for laboratory use. It should be used (with its barcode label for CAPILLARYS and MINICAP procedures) like a human serum sample.

The electrophoretic pattern obtained is specific for each batch of IT / IF control.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in liquid solution. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Protein separation is performed in a high voltage electrical field. The separated proteins are directly detected using absorbance at $2 0 0 \mathsf { n m }$ at the cathodic end of the capillary. Separation occurs according to the electrolyte pH and is driven by electroosmotic flow. The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses.

With the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure, the immunotyping using specific antibodies is performed to identify abnormal fractions in serum protein profiles. The immunotyping is performed in four automated steps:

1. Dilution of serum samples with a specific diluent in the pre-dilution well of the reagent cup. This dilution is made according to the sample's immunoglobulin concentration.   
2. Mixing diluted serum sample with specific antisera. The antigen - antibody complex is formed rapidly in liquid medium.   
3. Injection of prepared samples with simultaneous aspiration into 6 capillaries at their anodic end. Protein separation occurs when a high voltage field is applied to the alkaline buffer. The separated proteins are detected using absorbance at $2 0 0 ~ \mathsf { n m }$ at the cathodic end of the capillary.   
4. Overlay of the ELP pattern on the antisera patterns (Ig G, Ig A, Ig M, Kappa and Lambda) allows characterization of suspected monoclonal component.

# 2. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device 510(k) number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K130500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS2 /CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K130500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IT / IF CONTROL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K130500</td></tr></table>

The technological characteristics of the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure using the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument (candidate device) utilizes the same principles of capillary electrophoresis in an alkaline buffer reading at a wavelength of 200nm as the CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING procedure (predicate device). The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure follow the FDA guidance document, Replacement Reagent and Instrument Family Policy.

Table A.   
Similarities and differences between the candidate device (CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING and the predicate device (CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING.   
Both are members of the Sebia CAPILLARYS family of instruments.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING(K) 130500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING kit isdesigned for the detection and thecharacterization of monocional proteins(mmunotyping) in human urine and serum withthe CAPILLARYS, the CAPILLARYS 2 and theCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING, SEBIA, forcapillary electrophoresis. It is used in conjunctionwith the SEBIA CAPILLARYS PROTEIN(E) 6 kitdesigned for proteins separation into 6 majorfractions in alkaline buffer (pH 9.9).The CAPILLARYS, CAPILLARYS 2 and theCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING perform allprocedural sequences automatically to obtain a   or serum sample is mixed with individual antiserathat are specii against gamma g alpha  and mu (g M) heavy chains, and kappa eeabound liht chains and lambda ree dbound) light chains, respectively.T po pat a apdirectly detected by their absorbance at 200 nm.The electoporams e valat isaly todetect the presence of specific reactions with thesuspect monoclonal proteins.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit is designed forthe qualitative detection and the characterizationof monoclonal proteins (immunotyping) in humanserum with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument.SEBIA, for capary electrophoresis. It is used inconjunction with the CAPI 3 PROTEIN(E) 6 kit.SEBIA, designed for proteins separation intoajor cions n alkaline buffer (pH 9.The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument perfomsall procedural sequences automatically to obtaina protein profile for qualitative analysis. Eachserum sample is mixed with individual antiserathat are specific against gamma (g G), alpha an   M)eav haia a and bound) lht chains and lambda ree andoundht chains respectivelyTh prons, parated sca capillresy detectd by thsbane  200 nm.The electroporras ae evalatisally todetect the presence of specific reactions with thesuspect monoclonal proteins.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separation system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free solution capllary electrophoresis (FSCE):protein separation in an alkaline buffer (pH 9.9)according to their charge, to the electrolyte pHand electroosmotic flow.Fast separation and good resolution.Electrophoregrams show separated fractionsaccording to their charge.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING Kit (PN 2100):Antisera segment containingELP solutionmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human gamma heavy chainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human alpha heavy chainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human mu heavy chainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human kappa (ree and bound) htchainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human lambda (free and bound) lightchainssample diluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPT 3 IMMUNOTYPING KIt (PN 2600):Sample diluentRack with ELP solution tube and antiserumtubes:mammalian immunoglobulins anti-human gamma heavy chainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human alpha heavy chainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human mu heavy chainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human kappa ee and ound)lhtchainsmammalian immunoglobulins anti-human ambda (free and bound) lightchains</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIACAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING(K) 130500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA        CAPILLARYS         2FLEXPIERCING instrument, PN 1227SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 instrument,PN 1222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument,PN 1246</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplethroughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 analyses / hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 (samples) analysis/ 2 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC interface + touch screen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TemperatureControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>By Peltier device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deuterium lamp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deuterium lamp and LED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software fordata processing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA PHORESIS™ software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Firmware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included into the PHORESIS software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included into the instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofseparation units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 parallel capillaries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 parallel capillaries</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>uncapped tubes or capped tubesdepending on the procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplesidentification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (Bar code reading on bothsample racks and tubes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (Bar code reading on sample tubesand RFID labels on sample racks)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagentidentification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (RFID labels on reagent vials)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Introduction ofthe samples intothe automaticsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary capacity of 13 tubes for ITtechnique (i.e. 13 sample racks),uninterrupted throughput on sampleracks. Only position 1 on the samplerack contains sample tube.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary maximal capacity of 120 tubes(i.e. 15 sample racks), uninterruptedthroughput on sample racks (8 positionsavailable).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent bay :maincompartement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 2 : Contains one vial ofwater, wash solution and buffercontainer.CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING :Contains one vial of water, washsolution, hemolyzing solution (for Hband Hb A1c techniques) and buffercontainer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 4 analysis buffers or hemolysingsolutions (identified by RFID labels); 1waste container, 1 container for, 1container for the wash solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent bay :secondarycompartment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 3 vials and 1 rack withimmunotyping reagents (all RFIDtagged) in temperature controlledenvironment (&lt; 15 °C); 1 RFIDlabeled vial and three tubes (formaintenance solutions)at roomtemperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L. 95 cm x H. 39 cm x D. 63 cm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L. 90 cm x H. 54 cm x D. 67 cm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 kg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 kg</td></tr></table>

Table B. Similarities and differences between the candidate device (IT / IF Control) and the predicate device (IT / IF Control).   
510(k) Summary 8   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TABLE B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIAIT / IF CONTROLK130500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIAIT / IF CONTROL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The IT / IF Control is designed toquality control the qualitative detectionand characterizationof humanmonoclonal immunoglobulins (Ig G, IgA, Ig M, Kappa and Lambda) with theelectrophoresis methods:Immunotyping performedusing capillary electrophoresis onSEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 andCAPILLARYS 2 FLEXPIERCINGinstruments and on SEBIA MINICAPinstrument,-      Immunofixation methods :SEBIAHYDRAGEL IF, HYDRAGEL IF Penta,HYDRAGEL    BENCE    JONES(Standard mask and Dynamic mask)performed using the HYDRASYS andHYDRASYS 2 instruments and theK20 electrophoresis chamber. The IT /IF Control is designed for laboratoryuse. It should be used (with its barcodelabel for CAPILLARYS and MINICAPprocedures) like a human serumsample.The electrophoretic pattern obtained isspecific for each batch of IT / IFcontrol.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The IT / IF Control is designed toquality control the qualitative detectionand characterization ofhumanmonoclonal immunoglobulins (Ig G, IgA, Ig M, Kappa and Lambda) with theelectrophoresis methods:Immunotyping performedusing capillary electrophoresis onSEBIA CAPILLARYS 2,CAPILLARYS 2 FLEXPIERCING,CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrumentsand on SEBIA MINICAP instrument,-Immunofixation methods :SEBIAHYDRAGEL IF, HYDRAGEL IF Penta,HYDRAGEL     BENCE    JONES(Standard mask and Dynamic mask)performed using the HYDRASYS andHYDRASYS 2 instruments and theK20 electrophoresis chamber. The IT/ IF Control is designed for laboratoryuse. It should be used (with its barcodelabel for CAPILLARYS and MINICAPprocedures) like a human serumsample.The electrophoretic pattern obtained isspecific for each batch of IT / IFcontrol.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4788</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4788</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 vial (1.0 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitute the lyophilized control vialwith 1.0 mL of distilled or deionizedwater.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storagetemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Before reconstitution, the lyophilizedcontrol must be stored between 2 °Cand 8 °C. They are stable until theexpiration date indicated on the viallabels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years at 2 - 8°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 years at 2 - 8°</td></tr><tr><td>TABLE B</td><td>SEBIA IT / IF CONTROL K130500</td><td>SEBIA IT / IF CONTROL</td></tr><tr><td>In use storage</td><td>After reconstitution, the control is stable for 2 months maximum between - 18 °C and - 30 C. Do not freeze and thaw the reconstituted control more than 20 times.</td><td>After reconstitution, the control is stable for 6 months maximum between - 18 °C and - 22 C. Do not freeze and thaw the reconstituted control more than 20 times.</td></tr></table>

# 3. Performance Data:

a. Repeatability

Six (6) different serum samples, including 1 normal serum sample and 5 pathological serum samples with monoclonal components were run using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure on all capillaries of the same CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument and with one lot of CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit.

Each sample was analyzed with each reagent (ELP solution, anti-Ig G, anti-Ig A, antiIg M, anti-Kappa and anti-Lambda) on all capillaries, including 2 runs per reagent.

For each tested reagent, all samples gave concordant results within run and between capillaries.

b. Reproducibility between lots and instruments

Six (6) different serum samples, including 1 normal serum sample and 5 pathological serum samples with monoclonal components were run using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure on 3 CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instruments and with 3 lots of CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit.

Each sample was analyzed on 18 runs over 5 working days (at 2 different times of the day).

In this study, all dilution programs were tested.

All samples gave concordant results for all runs on the 3 CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instruments and with the 3 lots of CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit.

c. Sensitivity

Serial dilutions were prepared in normal serum with three pathological serum samples all exhibiting monoclonal components and analyzed using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure on CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument.

The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Monoclonal componentType         Concentration (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection limit (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ig G, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ig A, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ig M, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mu</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td></tr></table>

# d. Interferences

Studies were performed to assess common or known substances that could interfere with the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument. The interfering substances were evaluated in 4 different serum samples (1 normal serum sample and 3 pathological serum samples with monoclonal component).

Samples containing potential interferents were tested and the results were compared to those obtained from control samples containing no potential interfering substances.

No interference with the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure was detected due to the serum sample’s high concentration of the following interfering factors tested at levels equal to the concentrations listed below:   
510(k) Summary 10   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.59 g/dL (41 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL (342 µM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>981 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 g/dL</td></tr></table>

Inference studies were performed according to the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP7-A2 guideline "Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Second Edition".

$\twoheadleftarrow$ Method Comparison

A method comparison studies were conducted using a total of 115 serum samples (12 normal serum samples and 103 pathological serum samples).

Samples were analyzed in singlicate using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure on the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument (candidate device) and the CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING procedure (predicate device).

i. Study

A total of 115 serum samples (12 normal serum samples and 103 pathological serum samples).

This study demonstrated a $100 \%$ agreement between the two techniques:

• For the 12 normal serum samples: complete agreement (concordance). • For the 103 pathological serum samples: complete agreement (concordance). In all cases, both techniques detected and characterized the monoclonal proteins (immunotyping) in human serum with complete agreement (see results below).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of serum samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig A, Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig A, Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig M, Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig M, Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Ig A, Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Ig M, Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, Kappa + Ig G, Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Ig A, Kappa + Ig G, Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, Kappa + Ig A, Kappa + Ig M,Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Lambda free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Kappa free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr></table>

# 4. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.