Beckman Coulter Ireland Inc. Ms. Marguerita Sweeney Regulatory Affairs Manager Lismeehan, O’Callaghan’s, Mills CO. Clare, Ireland

Re: K161508 Trade/Device Name: Ceruloplasmin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5210 Regulation Name: Ceruloplasmin Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DDB Dated: November 28, 2016 Received: December 8, 2016

Dear Ms. Sweeney:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

Page 2—Ms. Marguerita Sweeney

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Kelly Oliner -

FOR   
Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K161508</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ceruloplasmin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510k Summary Ceruloplasmin Reagent

1.0

# Submitted By:

Marguerita Sweeney   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Beckman Coulter Ireland, Inc.   
Lismeehan, O’Callaghan’s Mills Co. Clare, Ireland   
Telephone: +353-65-683-1495 Fax: +353-65-683-1122   
Email: msweeney@beckman.com

2.0 Date of preparation: May $2 6 ^ { \mathfrak { m } }$ 2016

3.0 Device Identification:

Proprietary Names: Ceruloplasmin Common Name: Ceruloplasmin Classification: 866.5210 Product Code: DDB

4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceruloplasmin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Antisera to HumanCeruloplasmin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens (formerlyDade-Behring)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K053074</td></tr></table>

The Ceruloplasmin reagent is substantially equivalent to the product listed above currently in commercial distribution

# 5.0 Description:

The Ceruloplasmin reagent kit is in a liquid, ready to use form. It is available in one format OSR6164 which consists of $4 \times 1 8 \mathsf { m L }$ R1 vials and $4 \times 5 \mathsf { m l }$ R2 vials. The calibrator is a Beckman Coulter Serum protein multi-calibrator ODR3023 which is sold separately. Ceruloplasmin is a turbidimetric method the basis for this method is the measurement of the decrease in light transmitted (increase in absorbance) through the particles suspended in solution as a result of complexes formed during the antigen-antibody reaction.

The Ceruloplasmin reagent is designed for optimal performance on the Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

System reagent for the quantitative determination of Ceruloplasmin (CER) in human serum and plasma on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers as an aid in the diagnosis of copper metabolism disorders.

# Clinical Significance

Ceruloplasmin’s main clinical importance is in the diagnosis of Wilson’s disease. Increased levels of Ceruloplasmin are particularly notable in diseases of the reticuloendothelial system such as Hodgkin’s disease and also during pregnancy or use of contraceptive pills. Low levels of ceruloplasmin are found in malnutrition, malabsorption, nephrosis and severe liver disease particularly biliary cirrhosis.

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The following tables shows similarities and differences between the predicate identified in Section 4.0 of this summary.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ceruloplasmin reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System reagent for thequantitative determination ofCeruloplasmin (CER) in humanserum and plasma on BeckmanCoulter AU analyzers as an aid inthe diagnosis of coppermetabolism disorders.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-vitro diagnostic reagents for thequantitative determination ofceruloplasmin and hemopexin inhuman serum and heparanisedplasma by means ofimmunonephelopetry on the BN IIand BN Prospec ® system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, Ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, Ready to use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Protein Multi-calibrator(ODR3023) which is traceable toIFCC CRM470</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N Protein Standard(OQIMG13E0502) which istraceable to ERM470</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentStorage/ClosedShelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 - 2000 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ceruloplasmin:0.07 - 2.2 g/L for a sample dilutionof 1:20.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rabbit anti-human CeruloplasminantiserumSolution of polymers in Trisbuffer (pH 7.4-7.6)Preservatives - Sodium Azide &amp;</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rabbit anti-human CeruloplasminantiserumPreservatives - Sodium Azide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentamicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma (SodiumHeparin and Lithium Heparin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and heparinized plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 - 600 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ceruloplasmin: 0.2-0.6g/L (200-600mg/LHemopexin: 0.5 - 1.15g/L (500-1150mg/L)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceruloplasmin reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Methodology/Operating principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoturbitimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunonephelometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter AU ClinicalChemistry analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens BN II and BN Prospec Systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On-boardStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Frequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not specified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin:No significant interference(≤10%) up to 40mg/dLHemolysis:No significant interference(≤10%) up to 500 mg/dLTriglyceride:No significant interference(≤10%) up to 1000mg/dLRheumatoid Factor (RF):No significant interference(≤10%) up to 500 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin:No interference up to 0.6g/LHemolysis:No interference up to 10g/LTriglyceride:No interference up to 2.4g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤6mg/dL (60mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Established by lower limit ofreference curve - depends onthe concentration of proteins inthe N protein standard SL.</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data:

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to a predicate chemistry test systems already in commercial distribution. Equivalence is demonstrated through performance characteristics testing. Experiments included: Method comparison, Precision, Linearity, Sensitivity, Interferences, Stability and Expected Values, Prozone (Hook effect) and Auto-dilution.

Performance on method comparison and precision are summarized below:

# Method Comparison Study Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleRange:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specifications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Siemens(OUIEG09E0504)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Ceruloplasmin(OSR6x64)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Ref:108 mg/L-1890 mg/LTest:98 mg/L -1880 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:0.900-1.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:1.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept:≤ ± 30mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept:-26.10mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r: ≥0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N:≥100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Precision Study Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentrationmg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Within Run Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5% CV orSD ≤1 mg/dL(10mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10% CV orSD ≤2 mg/dL(20mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5% CV orSD ≤1 mg/dL(10mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10% CV orSD ≤2 mg/dL(20mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5% CV orSD ≤1 mg/dL(10mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10% CV orSD ≤2 mg/dL(20mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>596.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5% CV orSD ≤1 mg/dL(10mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10% CV orSD ≤2 mg/dL(20mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>915.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5% CV orSD ≤1 mg/dL(10mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10% CV orSD ≤2 mg/dL(20mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pool 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1791.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5% CV orSD ≤1 mg/dL(10mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10% CV orSD ≤2 mg/dL(20mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92