Beckman Coulter Ireland, Inc. Ms. Eimear Carr   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Lismeehan, O’Callaghan’s Mills, Co. Clare, Ireland

Re: K161297 Trade/Device Name: ȕeta-2-Microglobulin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5630 Regulation Name: Beta-2-microglobulin immunological test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JZG Dated: May 5, 2016 Received: May 9, 2016

Dear Ms. Carr:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of June 7, 2016.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kelly Oliner -S

For   
Leonthena Carrington, MS, MBA, MT (ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tie or hi colectininformation isestiate toaveraghours peresponse incld he te  eviwnstructions, sear existing dat sources, gatherand maintain the dat needed and cople and review the collection ofinformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information colection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510k Summary βeta-2-Microglobulin

1.0

# Submitted By:

Eimear Carr   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter Ireland, Inc. Lismeehan, O’Callaghan’s Mills Co. Clare, Ireland   
Telephone: +353-65-683-1483 Fax: +353-65-683-1122   
Email: ecarr@beckman.com

# 2.0 Date of Preparation:

$0 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ May, 2016

# 3.0 Device Identifications

Proprietary Name: βeta-2-Microglobulin Common Name: βeta-2-Microglobulin Classification: Class II Product Codes: JZG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5630

4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocketNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-2-Microgloublin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-2-Microgloublin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K991136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OlympusAmerica Inc./BeckmanCoulter Inc.</td></tr></table>

The βeta-2-Microglobulin reagent is substantially equivalent to the Beckman Coulter product listed above currently in commercial distribution.

# 5.0 Description:

The βeta-2-Microglobulin reagent kit is a System Reagent for the Quantitative determination of $\beta$ -2-Microglobulin (β-2-M) in human serum on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

The βeta-2-Microglobulin kit is a liquid, ready to use and consists of $4 \times 1 0 \mathrm { m L }$ R1 reagent vials and 4 x 8mL R2 reagent vials. Immune complexes formed in solution scatter light in proportion to their size, shape and concentration. Turbidimeters measure the reduction of incident light due to reflection, absorption, or scatter.

In the procedure, the measurement of the decrease in light transmitted (increase in absorbance) through particles suspended in solution as a result of complexes formed during the antigen-antibody reaction, is the basis of this assay.

The βeta-2-Microglobulin reagent is designed for optimal performance on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

System reagent for the quantitative determination of $\beta$ -2-Microglobulin (β-2-M) in human serum on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers. For In Vitro Diagnostic use only.

# Clinical Significance:

$\beta$ -2-Microglobulin occurs in serum, urine, cerebrospinal and other body fluids in low concentrations. Increased concentrations of 2M in serum are found in patients with renal diseases (due to reduced glomerular filtration) and active rheumatoid arthritis.

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The following tables shows similarities and differences between the predicate identified in Section 4.0 of this summary.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProprietaryandEstablishedNames</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β 2-microglobulin(K991136)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta-2-Microglobulin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System reagent for thequantitative determination ofβ-2-Microglobulin(β2M) in human serum onOLYMPUS analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarSystem reagent for thequantitative determination of β-2-Microglobulin(β2M) in human serum on BeckmanCoulter AU analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentPlatforms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus AU400, AU600, AU640or AU1000 Chemistry analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarBeckman Coulter analyzersAU400/400®/480,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>AU600/640/640®/680 and AU2700/5400/AU5800</td></tr><tr><td>Quality Control</td><td>At least two levels of appropriate β-2-Microglobulin control material such as Bio- Rad Liquichek should be tested a minimum of once a day.</td><td>Similar At least two levels of an appropriate quality control material should be tested a minimum of once a day.</td></tr><tr><td>Specificity (Interferences)</td><td>AU400: Ascorbate: &lt;3% up to 20mg/dL Ascorbate Bilirubin: &lt;3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysis:&lt; 3% up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: &lt;10% up to 500 mg/dL Intralipid AU600/AU640: Ascorbate: &lt;3% up to 20mg/dL Ascorbate Bilirubin: &lt;3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysis:&lt; 3% up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: &lt;3% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid AU1000: Ascorbate: &lt;3% up to 20mg/dL Ascorbate Bilirubin: &lt;3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysis:&lt;4% up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: &lt;4% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid</td><td>Similar Within ± 10 % NSI for the following(NSI = No Significant Interference) Ascorbate 20 mg/dL Bilirubin 40 mg/dL Hemolysis 500 mg/dL Lipemia 500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Specimen Storage and Stability</td><td>Serum is the recommended specimen. Allow the sample to clot for 15-30 minutes at room temperature, then for 30 - 60 minutes at 4°C. Centrifuge, separate the serum from the clot and store the serum in plastic tubes. Serum should be</td><td>Similar Literature reference A fasting serum specimen, free from hemolysis, is the recommended specimen. Avoid highly lipemic samples, which may produce</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">stored in multiple aliquots toavoid thawing and refreezing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">excessively high scatter signals.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunological test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turbidimetric Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentFormulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phosphate buffer, Latexparticles coated with rabbit IgGanti-β-2-Microglobulinantibodies, Polyethylene Glycol,also contains preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentStorage /Closed Shelflife</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Protein Multi-calibrator 2(ODR3023)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.097 - 0.184 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentMaterial:Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rabbit IgG anti-β-2-Microglobulin antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentMaterial:Buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phosphate buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DynamicRange /Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 - 1.6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Differences between the Predicate Device and the Proposed Device:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecisionWithin Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecisionTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β 2-microglobulin(K991136)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>βBeta-2-Microglobulin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentOn-Board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationFrequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Performance Characteristics - Analytical Performance

# a. Stability: On-Board and Calibration Frequency

On-Board (OB) stability and calibration frequency testing was assessed in accordance with internal procedures. The aim was to establish a 90 day reagent onboard claim and a 90 day calibration frequency claim.

Testing was performed using one reagent lot. Calibration was performed on the first day. Controls were run to check calibration and the reagent. Linearity was run on the last number of shots of reagent. The maximum time point exceeded the claim. Calibration was performed again at day 90.

A 90 day reagent on-board claim, a 90-day calibration frequency claim was established.

# 9.0 Conclusion:

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests (discussed above) demonstrate that the βeta-2-Microglobulin system reagent is as safe, as effective and performs as well as the predicate device. The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.