Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
Geraldine Fuentespina   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
250 S. Kraemer Blvd., Mail Stop E1.SE.01 Brea, CA 92821

Re: [510(k) Number] K162208 Trade/Device Name: IgG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5510 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, and E immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CFN, JJE Dated: November 29, 2016 Received: November 30, 2016

Dear Ms. Fuentespina:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809]); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Kelly Oliner -S

FOR,   
Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT (ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K162208</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name IgG</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

System reagent for the quantitative determination of IgG immunoglobulins in human serum, plasma and cerebrospinal fluid on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers. The measurement of IgG aids in the diagnosis of abnormal protein metabolism and the body’s lack of ability to resist infectious agents.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 1.0 Submitted By

Geraldine Fuentespina Manager, Regulatory Affairs Beckman Coulter, Inc. 250 S. Kraemer Blvd. Mail Stop: E1.SE.01 Brea, CA 92821 Telephone: (714) 961-3777 Fax: (714) 961-4234

# 2.0 Date of Preparation

6 January 2017

# 3.0 Device Name(s)

Proprietary Name: IgG   
Common Name: IgG   
Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, E Immunological Test System   
Product Codes: CFN   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5510

# 4.0 Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus IgG Reagent(K073490)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter,Inc.</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Device Description

The device consists of two reagents: R1 buffer (Tris buffer $\mathsf { p H } 7 . 2$ , polyethylene glycol 6000) and R2 (goat anti-IgG antiserum). The reagents contain sodium azide as preservative.

When a sample is mixed with R1 buffer and R2 antiserum solution, human IgG reacts specifically with anti-human IgG antibodies to yield insoluble aggregates. Immune complexes formed in solution scatter light in proportion to their size, shape and concentration. Turbidimeters then measure the reduction of incidence light due to reflection, absorption or scatter. In the AU procedure, the decrease in intensity of light transmitted (increase in absorbance) through particles suspended in solution is as a result of complexes formed during the antigen-antibody reaction.

# 6.0 Indications for Use

System reagent for the quantitative determination of IgG immunoglobulins in human serum, plasma and cerebrospinal fluid on Beckman Coulter AU analyzers. The measurement of IgG aids in the diagnosis of abnormal protein metabolism and the body’s lack of ability to resist infectious agents.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate

The formulation of the candidate IgG reagent and the predicate IgG reagent are identical. The following tables show the similarities and differences between the predicate device.

Table 7.0 - IgG Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:IgG Reagent(K073490)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:IgG Reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Item Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgG (OSR6X172) reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System reagent for thequantitative determination ofIgG immunoglobulins inhuman serum, plasma andcerebrospinal fluid onBeckman Coulter AUanalyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Instrument Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU400/400e/480,AU600/640/640e/680 andAU2700/5400/AU5800Beckman Coulter Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU400/400e/480,/640/640e/680,AU2700/5400/AU5800 andDxC 700 AU BeckmanCoulter Analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoturbidimetric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat anti-IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reagent form and storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, on-board storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, EDTA or Lithiumheparin plasma, andcerebrospinal fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Protein Multi-Calibrator (Cat # ODR3021)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Onboard Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 Days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CalibrationStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum &amp;Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 Days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AnalyticRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum &amp;Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 - 3000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum &amp;Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">With-run:≤ ±3.5% mg/dLTotal:&lt; ±6.0% mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">With-run:≤ ±6.0% or ±0.4 mg/dLTotal:&lt; ±7.5% or ±0.5mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum &amp;Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ:        75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CSF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ:        2 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum &amp;Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin: Interference lessthan 3% up to 40 mg/dLBilirubinHemolysis: Interference lessthan 3% up to 500 mg/dLHemolysateLipemia: Interference lessthan 5% up to 1000 mg/dLIntralipidRF: Interference less than7% up to 1200 IU/mLRheumatoidFactor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThe criteria for NoSignificant Interference(NSI) is recovery within 10%of the initial value.Bilirubin: NSI up to 40mg/dL BilirubinHemolysis: NSI up to 500mg/dL HemolysateLipemia: NSI up to 1000mg/dL IntralipidRF: NSI up to 1200 IU/mLRheumatoidFactor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Feature</td><td>Predicate Device: IgG Reagent (K073490)</td><td>Candidate Device: IgG Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td rowspan="3">CSF Rheumatoid Factor</td><td>Bilirubin: Interference less than 3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin</td><td>Similar The criteria for No Significant Interference (NSI) is recovery within 10% of the initial value.</td></tr><tr><td>Hemolysis: Interference less than 3% up to 500 mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: Interference less</td><td>Bilirubin: NSI up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Hemolysis: NSI up to 500</td></tr><tr><td>than 5% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid RF: Interference less than 7% up to 1200 IU/mL</td><td>mg/dL Hemolysate Lipemia: NSI up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid RF: NSI up to 1200 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Comparison testing

IgG assay was selected as the representative immunoturbidimetry assay for the DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer. In order to demonstrate the comparability between the predicate device, AU5800 and the candidate device, DxC 700 AU, the following performance testing was conducted on the IgG Assay:

Method Comparison   
Linearity   
Sensitivity   
Reference Interval   
Interference   
In use (On board) & Calibrator Stability   
Precision   
Prozone   
Auto-dilution

All other immunoturbidimetric reagent applications will be validated using risk management, design controls, and FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA staff - Replacement Reagent and Instrument Family Policy. The core validation principles are linearity, method comparison, precision, sensitivity, interference, reference interval, prozone tolerance and on-board/calibration frequency studies. Reference ranges will be verified.

# 9.0 Summary of Performance Data

The data contained in the Premarket Notification supports the substantial equivalence of the IgG reagent to the predicate IgG reagent already in commercial distribution. Equivalence is demonstrated through method comparison, linearity, imprecision and sensitivity experiments.

# 10.0 Conclusion

The IgG Reagent on the DxC 700 AU Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is identical in design and composition as the IgG Reagent on AU Systems cleared under K073490. Method comparison, linearity, sensitivity, reference interval, interference, precision, prozone, stability testing demonstrates that the assay performance is substantially equivalent between the candidate system and the predicate.

Substantial equivalence of the immunoturbidimetric assays has been demonstrated through performance of IgG. Performance testing conducted verifies that the device functions as intended and that design specifications have been satisfied.

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.