# LIFE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION EMILY FINNEGAN, REGULATORY ANALYST 5781 VAN ALLEN WAY CARLSBAD CA 92008

Re: k170299 Trade/Device Name: Ion PGM Dx System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2265 Regulation Name: High throughput genomic sequence analyzer for clinical use Regulatory Class: II (special controls); exempt from the premarket notification procedures in subpart E of part 807 of this chapter subject to 862.9. Product Code: PFF Dated: June 20, 2017 Received: June 21, 2017

Dear Ms. Finnegan:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K170299

Device Name Ion PGM™ Dx System

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Submitter Information - 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1):

# Submitter:

Life Technologies Corporation 5781 Van Allen Way Carlsbad, CA 92008

# Manufacturer:

Life Technologies Holdings Pte Ltd Blk 33, #07-06, Marsiling Industrial Estate, Road 3 Singapore 739256

Establishment Registration No: 3003673482

Contact: Emily Finnegan, Regulatory Analyst Phone: 916-838-0714   
Fax: 760-268-8393   
E-mail: emily.finnegan@thermofisher.com   
Alternate Contact: Jody Schulz, Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 414-534-4809   
Fax: 414-278-0688   
E-mail: jody.schulz@thermofisher.com

Date Prepared: June 20, 2017

# Name of Device and Classification – 21 CFR 807.92(a)(2):

Product Name: Ion PGM™ Dx System

Common Name: High-throughput DNA sequencing

Device Classification: Class II, exempt from the premarket notification requirement subject to the limitations in 21 CFR 862.9

Product Code: PFF - High throughput DNA sequence analyzer

Predicates: Illumina MiSeqDx Platform, k123989 (DEN130011)

# Device Description – 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4):

The Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx System is used for detection of human variant sequences from DNA from whole blood samples or RNA and DNA from FFPE tissue samples. Detectable variants include substitutions, insertions, and deletions.

The Ion PGM™ Dx System consists of the following:

• Ion OneTouch™ Dx Instrument • Ion OneTouch™ ES Dx Instrument • Ion OneTouch™ Rack Kit • Ion PGM™ Dx Chip Minifuge • Ion PGM™ Dx Sequencer • Ion PGM™ Wireless Scanner • DynaMag™ Dx Kit—Tube & Plate • Ion Torrent™ Server • Torrent Suite™ Dx Software

The Ion PGM™ Dx System is used in conjunction with the following kits:

• Ion PGM™ Dx Library Kit • Ion OneTouch™ Dx Template Kit • Ion PGM™ Dx Sequencing Kit • Ion $3 1 8 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Dx Chip Kit

The system should be used only by professionals trained in laboratory techniques and procedures and in the use of the system.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use $=$ 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5):

Ion PGM Dx System intended use and special conditions statement:

# Intended use:

The Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx Instrument System is composed of a sequencing instrument that measures the hydrogen ions that are generated during the incorporation of nucleotides in the DNA sequencing reaction, and the ancillary instrumentation necessary for sample processing. This instrument system is used in conjunction with the instrument-specific Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx Library Kit, Ion OneTouch™ Dx Template Kit, Ion PGM™ Dx Sequencing Kit, and Ion $3 1 8 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Dx Chip Kit, and data analysis software. The Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx Instrument System is intended for targeted sequencing of human genomic DNA (gDNA) from peripheral wholeblood samples and DNA and RNA extracted from formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded (FFPE) samples.

The Ion PGM™ Dx Instrument System is not intended for whole genome or de novo sequencing.

Indications for use: Same as intended use.

Special conditions statement

For in vitro diagnostic use. For prescription use only.

Special conditions statement for performance derived from gDNA from whole blood:

1. The Ion PGM™ Dx System has been validated to deliver the following using the

System Variant Assay (SVA) panel:

• Sequencing output $> 0 . 7$ gigabases   
• Reads $> 4$ million   
• Read length up to 200 base pairs   
• Mean Raw Read Accuracy of $9 9 . 0 \%$ when compared to hg19

Note:

· Mean Raw Read Accuracy is defined as the average raw accuracy across each individual base position in a read, where raw read accuracy is calculated as $1 0 0 ^ { * }$ (1 - (sum(per base error)/sum(per base depth)))

· The 632 primer pairs of the SVA panel are designed to amplify regions across 23 chromosomes in the two well-characterized cell lines. The regions were selected based on the presence of well characterized insertions/deletions (Indels) and singlenucleotide variant (SNV) positions. The amplicons produced range in size from 80 to 200 base pairs, with a GC content of $20 { - } 8 0 \%$ .

2. The system has been evaluated for the detection of single-nucleotide variants (SNVs) and insertions and deletions of various lengths on 23 chromosomes. The system identified 440 unique SNV positions in the SVA panel with $100 \%$ reproducibility.

The following tables illustrate the lengths and locations of insertions and deletions in the SVA panel that were detected with $100 \%$ reproducibility.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insertion Length(base pairs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Number ofDistinct chromosomallocations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Number of Uniquechromosomes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deletion Length(base pairs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Number ofDistinct chromosomallocations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Number of Uniquechromosomes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-14[1]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr></table>

[1] Deletions of $\geq 4$ bp have been grouped for clarity

3. The system may exhibit a limitation in detecting one-base insertions or deletions in homoploymer tracts (e.g., polyA). Variants in homopolymer runs exceeding 8 bases are called as no calls in the VCF file.

4. The system is designed to deliver qualitative (i.e., genotype) results.

5. As with any hybridization-based workflow, underlying polymorphisms or mutations in primer-binding regions can affect the regions being sequenced and, consequently, the calls made.

6. The recommended minimal coverage per amplicon needed for accurate variant calling

for germline DNA is ${ > } 3 0 \mathrm { X }$ .

7. Special instrument requirements for the Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx Library Kit, Ion OneTouch™ Dx Template Kit, Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx Sequencing Kit, and Ion $3 1 8 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Dx Chip Kit: For use with the Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx System.

Special Conditions statement for performance derived from a representative assay using RNA and gDNA from FFPE samples:

1. The Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx System has been validated to deliver the following using a representative assay:

Sequencing output $> 0 . 7$ gigabases • Reads $> 3$ million • Read length up to 141 base pairs

2. A representative assay, consisting of two sets of primer panels was used to detect DNA and RNA variants in key regions of cancer-related genes. The Ion PGM™ Dx System has been evaluated for the detection of SNVs, multi-nucleotide variants (MNVs), and deletions of various lengths in FFPE tissue samples using this representative assay. The types and numbers of variants detected by the assay are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Type ofVariant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number of variantsdetected with arepresentative assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Number of samples tested for detection by sample type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasmid/FFPESample Blend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FFPE Cell Line orFFPE Cell LineBlend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FFPE ClinicalSample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MNV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SNV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>329</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr></table>

3. The following studies were used to evaluate the performance of the Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx System using a representative assay:

• Accuracy   
• Sample reproducibility • Assay reproducibility • Tissue input   
• DNA and RNA input • Interfering substances

4. The system is designed to deliver qualitative results.

5. As with any hybridization-based workflow, underlying polymorphisms or mutations in primer-binding regions can affect the regions being sequenced and, consequently, the ability to make calls.   
6. The minimal coverage required to call an SNV, MNV or deletion variant is ${ \ge } 3 4 7 \mathrm { X }$ . The minimal coverage required to call a fusion variant is ${ \ge } 4 1 \mathrm { X }$ .   
7. Special instrument requirements for the Ion $\mathrm { P G M ^ { T M } }$ Dx Library Kit, Ion OneTouch™ Dx Template Kit, Ion PGM™ Dx Sequencing Kit, and Ion $3 1 8 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Dx Chip Kit: For use with the Ion PGM™ Dx System.

# Summary of technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate devices– 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6):

The Ion PGM™ Dx System (“Subject Device”) and the legally marketed device Illumina MiSeqDx Platform are compared and contrasted as described in the table below:

Table 1. Predicates Comparison – Thermo Fisher Scientific Ion PGM™ Dx System and Illumina MiSeqDx Platform   

<table><tr><td>Item for Comparison</td><td>Proposed Device: Ion PGM Dx System</td><td>Predicate Device: MiSeqDx Platform</td><td>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The Ion PGMTM Dx System is composed of a sequencing instrument that measures the hydrogen ions that are generated during the incorporation of nucleotides in the</td><td>The MiSeqDx Platform is a sequencing instrument that measures fluorescence signals of labeled nucleotides through the use of</td><td>The intended uses are different due to the expansion of the Ion PGM Dx System sample input to include DNA and RNA extracted from FFPE samples, however the two devices continue to use the same basic technology and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item for Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device:Ion PGM DxSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:MiSeqDxPlatform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sequencing reactionand the ancillaryinstrumentationnecessary for sampleprocessing. Thisinstrument system isused in conjunctionwith the instrumentspecificIon PGMTM DxLibrary Kit, IonOneTouch™M DxTemplate Kit, IonPGMTM DxSequencing Kit, Ion318™M Dx Chip Kits,and data analysissoftware. The IonPGMTM DxSystem is intendedfor targetedsequencing ofhuman RNA andDNA derived fromFFPE tissue samplesand human gDNAfrom peripheralwhole bloodsamples. TheIon PGMTM DxSystem is notintended for wholegenome or de novosequencing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">instrument specificreagents and flowcells (MiSeqDxUniversal Kit 1.0),imaging hardware,and data analysissoftware. TheMiSeqDx Platformis intended fortargeted sequencingof human genomicDNA fromperipheral wholeblood samples. TheMiSeqDx Platformis not intended forwhole genome orde novosequencing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">are therefore under thesame regulation (21 CFRPart 862.2265).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environment of Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalLaboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The environment of use isthe same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">whole-blood orformalin fixedparaffin embedded(FFPE) samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">whole-bloodsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The specimen type isdifferent with the inclusionof FFPE samples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Input Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genomic DNA andcDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The input sample isdifferent with the inclusionof cDNA as an option foruse on the Ion PGM Dxsystem. However, genomicDNA and cDNA arebiochemically equivalent asthey are both made up ofDeoxyribonucleic acid andare interpreted in the samemanner by the PGM Dxsequencer to generatesequencing reads.</td></tr><tr><td>Item for Comparison</td><td>Proposed Device: Ion PGM Dx System</td><td>Predicate Device: MiSeqDx Platform</td><td>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation/Classification</td><td>21 CFR 862.2265 Class II, exempt from the premarket notification requirement subject to the limitations in 21 CFR 862.9</td><td>21 CFR 862.2265 Class II, exempt from the premarket notification requirement subject to the limitations in 21 CFR 862.9</td><td>The regulation/classification is the same. For the purpose of this 510(k), Ion PGM Dx system is not exempt from premarket notification requirements due to the expansion in the intended use to add FFPE and RNA. The technology used for</td></tr><tr><td>Technology</td><td>A sequencing instrument that measures the hydrogen ions that are generated during the incorporation of nucleotides in the DNA sequencing reaction and the ancillary instrumentation necessary for sample processing.</td><td>A sequencing instrument that measures fluorescence signals of labeled nucleotides through the use of instrument specific reagents and flow cells (MiSeqDx Universal Kit 1.0), imaging hardware, and data analysis software.</td><td>DNA sequencing are equivalent NGS technologies. Both the Ion PGM Dx system and the MiSeqDx platform detect the incorporation of nucleotides by DNA polymerases. However, they differ in that the Ion PGM Dx system measures the incorporation of hydrogen ions, while the MiSeqDx platform measures the fluorescence signal. The differences in the signal measured during DNA sequencing do not raise questions to the safety and effectiveness of the Ion</td></tr><tr><td>Software Description Comparison</td><td>Combined Functions software with Assay Development mode for Research Use Only</td><td>Combined Functions software with ability to use Research Use Only mode</td><td>PGM Dx system. The software description is equivalent.</td></tr><tr><td>Equipment included in the device system</td><td>Ion OneTouchTM Dx Instrument Ion OneTouch™M ES Dx Instrument Ion PGMTM Dx Chip Minifuge Ion PGM™M Dx Sequencer Ion PGMTM Torrent Server Torrent Suite™M Dx Software</td><td>MiSeqDx Instrument MOS - MiSeqDx Operating Software RTA - Realtime Analysis Software MiSeq Reporter</td><td>The equipment included in the device system is different as the technology characteristics differ.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data – 21 CFR 807.92(b):

This section provides a summary of the non-clinical and clinical performance studies with DNA and RNA from FFPE samples using a representative assay, which demonstrates instrument performance when using the Ion PGM™ Dx system.

# Non-Clinical Performance Data– 21 CFR 807.92(b)(1):

# a. Accuracy study

To evaluate the ability of a representative assay DNA and RNA panels to identify somatic variants in human specimens, 290 FFPE tumor samples were analyzed using a representative assay to demonstrate positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) concordance with validated reference detection methods. The following reference detection methods were used:

• A validated NGS assay, to detect SNV and deletion hotspot variants • A ROS1 FISH reference test, to detect ROS1 fusions

Variants detected by a representative assay that were not covered by the reference methods were not included in the PPA/NPA concordance calculation. Variants detected by arepresentative assay test for which the reference method testing failed and did not yield a valid result were not included in the PPA/NPA calculation.

Accuracy data was analyzed by the following:

• Each variant location   
• Bins (or categories) of variants: RNA fusions , simple SNVs, complex SNVs, and deletions   
• Each FFPE sample

Table 2. PPA Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPAMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Excluding no calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Including no calls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5% (195/198)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%,99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5% (195/198)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95.6%,99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (176/181)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7%,99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (176/181)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93.7%,99.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9% (158/163)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0%,99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9% (158/163)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93.0%,99.0%)</td></tr></table>

Table 3. NPA results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPAMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Excluding no calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Including no calls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(118,155/118,159)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.99%,100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%(118,155/122,012)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.7%, 96.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8% (942/944)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%, 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0% (657/939)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(66.9%, 72.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4% (124/126)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%, 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4% (29/124)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(16.3%, 31.8%)</td></tr></table>

Table 4. OPA Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPAMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Excluding no calls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Including no calls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(118,350/118,357)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.99%,100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%(118,350/122,210)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.74%,96.94%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4% (1,118/1,125)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.72%,99.75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.4% (833/1,120)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(71.71%,76.91%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6% (282/289)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.07%,99.02%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2% (187/287)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(59.34%,70.66%)</td></tr></table>

# b. Sample Reproducibility study

The reproducibility and repeatability of variant detection using a representative assay were assessed with 2 WT samples and 10 variant-positive samples at 4 testing sites. Each site had 4 Ion PGM™ Dx instrument systems and 4 operators.

Each sample was tested 8 times at each site, for a total of 32 replicates per sample. After repeat testing, the final number of invalid reactions was 15/768 $( 1 . 9 5 \% )$ , possibly due to low sample quality or lack of sample, though the cause was not definitively determined.

The call rate, no call rate, positive call rate, negative call rate, and within-run repeatability were computed at each variant location of interest. Including no calls and excluding known positive variant locations, the negative call rate at each clinical variant location for all samples was $100 \%$ .

The results at positive variant locations are shown in Table 5. Including no calls, all positive call rates from positive variant locations were ${ > } 8 4 \%$ .

Excluding no calls and combining data across all study samples, the estimate of repeatability was $100 \%$ for DNA variants and $8 7 . 5 \%$ for the RNA variant. The lower limit of the $9 5 \%$ two-sided confidence interval (CI) for repeatability exceeded $9 6 \%$ at all variant locations.

Including no calls from the data, the estimate of repeatability was $100 \%$ at 218 out of 605 variant locations, $9 4 - 9 9 . 9 \%$ at 186 out of 605 variant locations, and $7 1 . 6 { - } 9 3 . 9 \%$ at 184 out of 605 variant locations. Including no calls, the lower limit of the $9 5 \%$ two-sided confidence interval for repeatability exceeded $6 4 . 6 \%$ at all variant locations.

Table 5. Call Rates at Positive Variant Locations   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">Variant identification</td><td rowspan="2">Variant location</td><td rowspan="2"># of valid sample results (N)</td><td rowspan="2"># of positive calalls (A)</td><td rowspan="2"># of riva caalls (B</td><td rowspan="2">#of No Calls (C)</td><td colspan="2">Positive call rate + 95% CI</td><td colspan="2">Negative call rate + 95% CI</td><td colspan="2">Within-run repeatability + 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Including no cacals (A/N)</td><td>Excluding no calls" (A/(A+B))</td><td>Including no calls (B/N)</td><td>Excluding no calls" (B/(A+B))</td><td>Including no calls</td><td>Excluding no calls</td></tr><tr><td>B</td><td>COSM6223</td><td>EGRF Exon19del</td><td>32</td><td>32</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">B</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td>(89.1%,</td><td>(89.1%, 100%)</td><td>10.9%</td><td>10.9%</td><td>(79.4%, 100%)</td><td>(79.4%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td>100%) 0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">COSM763</td><td>PIK3C A E545K</td><td>32</td><td rowspan="2">32</td><td rowspan="2">0</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>0% (0%, 10.9%</td><td>0% (0%, 10.9%</td><td>100% (79.4%,</td><td>100% (79.4%,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>100%)</td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">C</td><td rowspan="2">ROS1</td><td rowspan="2">N/A</td><td>32</td><td rowspan="2">30</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td>93.8%</td><td>93.8%</td><td>6.3%</td><td>6.3%</td><td>87.5%</td><td>87.5%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(79.2%,</td><td>(79.2%,</td><td>(0.8%,</td><td>(0.8%,</td><td>(61.7%,</td><td>(61.7%,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">D</td><td rowspan="2">COSM6225</td><td rowspan="2">EGFR</td><td>32</td><td>32</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>99.2%)</td><td>99.2%</td><td>20.8%</td><td>20.8%</td><td>98.4%)</td><td>98.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>0% (0%, 10.9%</td><td>0% (0%, 10.9%)</td><td>100% (79.4%,</td><td>100% (79.4%,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">E</td><td rowspan="2">COSM476</td><td rowspan="2">BRAF V600E</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>100%)</td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>100%)</td></tr><tr><td>32</td><td>32</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(89.1%,</td><td>(89.1%, 100%)</td><td>10.9%</td><td>10.9%</td><td>(79.4%, 100%)</td><td>(79.4%,</td></tr><tr><td>32</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">F</td><td rowspan="2">COSM521</td><td rowspan="2">KRAS G12D</td><td></td><td>30</td><td>0</td><td>2</td><td>93.8%</td><td>100%</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>87.5%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(79.2%, 99.2%</td><td>(88.4%, 100%)</td><td>10.9%)</td><td>11.6%)</td><td>(61.7%, 98.4%</td><td>(76.8%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Variant Sample identification</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Variant location</td><td rowspan="2"># of valid ample results (N)</td><td rowspan="2"># of p positive caalls (A)</td><td rowspan="2"># of negat ive calls (B)</td><td rowspan="2"># of No Calls</td><td colspan="4">Positive call rate Negative call rate + 95% CI + 95% CI</td><td colspan="2">Within-run repeatability + 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Including no</td><td>Excluding no calls</td><td>Including no</td><td>Excluding no calls</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">F</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(C)</td><td>caals (A/N)</td><td>(A/(A+B))</td><td>calls (B/N)</td><td>(B/(A+B))</td><td>Including no calls</td><td>Excluding no calls</td></tr><tr><td>COSM29313</td><td>PIK3C</td><td>32</td><td>30</td><td>0</td><td>2</td><td>93.8%</td><td>100%</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>87.5%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>A M1043I</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(79.2%,</td><td>(88.4%, 100%)</td><td>10.9%</td><td>11.6%)</td><td>(61.7%, 98.4%)</td><td>(76.8%,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">G</td><td>COSM6224</td><td>EGFR L858R</td><td></td><td></td><td>0</td><td>99.2%)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>32</td><td>32</td><td></td><td>0</td><td>100%</td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(89.1%, 100%)</td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>10.9%)</td><td>10.9%)</td><td>(79.4%, 100%)</td><td>(79.4%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">J</td><td>COSM87298</td><td>KRAS Q61K</td><td></td><td>32</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>32</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>0% (0%, 10.9%</td><td>0% (0%, 10.9%)</td><td>100% (79.4%,</td><td>100% (79.4%,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">J</td><td>COSM172423</td><td>ERBB3</td><td>32</td><td>32</td><td>0</td><td>0 100%</td><td></td><td>100%</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>V104M</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(89.1%,</td><td>(89.1%,</td><td>10.9%</td><td>10.9%)</td><td>(79.4%,</td><td>(79.4%,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">K</td><td>COSM775</td><td>PIK3 H1047R</td><td>30[1]</td><td>29</td><td>0</td><td>1 96.7%</td><td></td><td>100%</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>93.3%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(82.8%, 99.9%)</td><td>(88.1%, 100%)</td><td>11.6%)</td><td>11.9%</td><td>(68.1%,</td><td>(76.8%,</td></tr><tr><td>COSM715</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>99.8%</td><td>100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">M</td><td></td><td>FGR3 S249C</td><td>32</td><td>32</td><td></td><td>0 100%</td><td></td><td>100% (89.1%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>0% (0%,</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>(89.1%, 100%)</td><td>100%)</td><td>10.9%)</td><td>10.9%)</td><td>(79.4%,</td><td>(79.4%,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%)</td><td>100%)</td></tr></table>

# c. Assay Reproducibility Study

The reproducibility and repeatability of a representative assay was evaluated for 30 representative variants from 18 DNA and 9 RNA samples.

The study was designed to evaluate within-run precision performance (repeatability) and variability across sites, operators, and instrument platforms (reproducibility). Six of the 18 DNA samples were mixtures of plasmid and clinical DNA. Seven of the 12 deletion variants were represented by these plasmid blends. All other variant types were represented by clinical sample DNA.

Due to the large number of variants detected by the test and the rarity of some of the variants, a representative variant approach was used. Variants were selected in the following categories:

Table 6. Categories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Plasmid Blends No. of Clinical SamplesUsed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Plasmid Blends No. of Clinical SamplesUsed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-bp deletion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simple SNV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complex SNVs andMNPs[1]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr></table>

[1] Including SNVs in di- or tri-nucleotide repeat regions and SNVs in high-GC $( > 6 0 \% )$ or lowGC $( < 4 0 \% )$ ) content regions

Two of the 18 DNA samples were WT at all locations, and the remaining 16 contained DNA from one or more DNA variants. One of the 9 RNA samples contained no fusion molecules, and the remaining 8 each contained RNA from an RNA variant. Each pre- extracted DNA or RNA sample was sequenced at 4 sites by 4 operators on 2 systems at each site.

At each site, operators were grouped into 2 pairs, with each pair assigned to2 instrument systems and responsible for testing 9 DNA samples and all 9 RNA samples. Samples were run in duplicate using 2 different reagent lots at 3 of the study sites and on all 3 reagent lots at one study site. The design resulted in a total of 72 test determinations per DNA sample. Because there were half as many RNA samples as DNA samples, each RNA sample was tested twice as many times $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n = 1 4 4 }$ ). In total, at least 1,296 sequencing reactions were performed, and all variant locations were assessed for each sample.

The reproducibility results are summarized in the following table.

Table 7. Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No. of VariantSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Call rate excluding nocalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Call rate including nocalls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA positive variants (positivecalls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNA positive variants (positivecalls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WT DNA variant locations(negative calls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>872</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WT RNA variant locations(negative calls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.30%</td></tr></table>

Excluding no calls, the estimate of repeatability at each DNA variant location across all the samples was $2 9 8 . 8 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI lower limit of $2 9 7 . 5 \%$ ). The coefficient of variation (CV) across all DNA clinical variants ranged from $9 . 8 \%$ to $3 9 \%$ . The highest CVs $( 2 4 . 9 \mathrm { - } 3 9 . 2 \% )$ were observed for the BRAF V600E variant. The higher percent CV for this sample was possibly due to poor sample quality, but the cause was not definitively determined. The CVs for the EGFR L858R variant ranged from $9 . 8 \%$ to $1 1 . 3 \%$ , and the CVs for the EGFR deletion variants ranged from $1 1 . 2 \%$ to $2 5 . 5 \%$ .

Excluding no calls, the estimate of repeatability at each RNA clinical variant location was $9 4 . 4 \%$ . The CV across all RNA locations ranged from $72 \%$ to $78 \%$ .

# d. Tissue Input Study

Sixty slide-mounted FFPE samples were analyzed to determine if samples extracted using the Ion Torrent Dx Total Nucleic Acid Isolation Kit yield DNA and RNA at the concentrations required by a representative assay when tissue input requirements are met. The test requires DNA at a concentration of ${ \ge } 0 . 8 3$ $\mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ and RNA at a concentration of ${ \geq } 1 . 4 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ .

Thirty resection samples with $2 0 \%$ tumor content were prepared without macrodissection, 15 resection samples with $< 2 0 \%$ to $2 1 0 \%$ tumor cell content were macrodissected, and 15 samples were collected by core needle biopsy (CNB). For the resection samples, $2 \times 5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { m } }$ sections were used per extraction. For CNBs, $9 \times 5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { m } }$ sections were used per extraction. DNA and RNA concentrations were determined using the Ion Torrent Dx DNA and RNA Quantification Kits, respectively. No sequencing was performed on the extracted samples.

Of the 60 samples tested, $9 8 . 3 \%$ (59/60) had a DNA concentration of ${ \ge } 0 . 8 3$ $\mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ and an RNA concentration of $\geq 1 . 4 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ . One CNB sample failed the minimum DNA and RNA concentration specifications, with values of 0.52 $\mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ and $1 . 2 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ respectively. The low concentrations were likely caused by the small tissue size and low tumor content $( 5 \% )$ .

# e. DNA and RNA Input Study

Eight cell-line samples were prepared as FFPE sections, and DNA and RNA were extracted and quantified from multiple sections from each cell line for blending and testing. Sample blends were prepared with known variants at various DNA and RNA input-level combinations within the range of $5 - 1 5 ~ \mathrm { n g }$ . The DNA and RNA blends had a target allele frequency of $1 5 \%$ for SNVs and deletions and target fusion reads of $3 0 0 – 6 0 0$ for the ROS1 variant. A total of 540 individual DNA and RNA libraries were tested, including positive controls and NTC controls, with 6 replicate libraries each for DNA and RNA per test condition.

The study demonstrated a $100 \%$ positive variant call rate within the input range tested, supporting the specified input amount of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g }$ each for DNA and RNA for a representative assay.

The negative variant call rate was $59 5 \%$ for all except 4 sample and DNA/RNA input- level combinations. All cases with a negative variant call rate of ${ < } 9 5 \%$ were due to no calls, 3 of which occurred with a DNA or RNA input amount of 5 ng and 1 of which occurred in a single sample with DNA and RNA inputs of 10 ng each. There were no false-positive calls.

Additionally, 4 clinical samples prepared as FFPE sections were tested: two samples containing DNA variants and two containing the CD74-ROS1 fusion variant.

The DNA variant samples were paired with wild-type RNA from the same sample at various input combinations within the range of $5 - 1 5 ~ \mathrm { n g }$ , and the RNA variant samples were paired with wild-type DNA at input combinations within the same range.

The study demonstrated positive and negative call rates of $59 5 \%$ for the DNA variants at all input combinations, and $100 \%$ for one of the CD74-ROS1 fusion variants at all input combinations. The second CD74-ROS1 clinical sample showed $100 \%$ negative call rates for all test conditions, and $100 \%$ positive call rates except for Test Condition 4 $( 8 . 5 \mathrm { n g } \mathrm { R N A } / 1 5 \mathrm { n g } \mathrm { D N A } )$ , where the call rate was $8 3 \%$ , and Test Condition 6 $( 1 5 \mathrm { n g } \mathrm { R N A } / 1 5 \mathrm { n g } \mathrm { D N A } )$ , where the call rate was $50 \%$ . The false negatives for these test conditions were possibly due to

operator error during library preparation, since the remaining replicates in these test conditions had both high total mappable reads and fusion reads, but the cause was not definitively determined.

The results support the DNA and RNA 10-ng input requirement for a representative assay.

# f. Interfering Substances Study

Five potentially interfering substances used to extract DNA and RNA from FFPE tissue samples were evaluated using a representative assay on the Ion PGM™ Dx System.

The guidelines for testing are defined in section 7.1 of CLSI EP07A2E, which describes testing substances at a relatively high concentration as an interference screen. One potentially interfering endogenous substance, hemoglobin, was tested at twice the concentration recommended in CLSI EP07A2E, Appendix D. In addition to the substances tested in this study, data from the clinical studies demonstrated that $10 \%$ necrotic tissue in the region of interest in FFPE tissue samples does not appear to interfere with the assay. However, users should macrodissect highly necrotic areas or select alternate samples if possible.

Table 8. Interfering substances and amounts   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentialinterferingsubstance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Step</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amount of substance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paraffin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At the deparaffinization step,extra paraffin was added to thexylene bath that contained 250mL of xylene.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4X of normally expected levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extra xylene was added into theethanol bath that contained 250mL of ethanol.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6X of normally expectedresidual volume</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extra ethanol was added intothe Protease digestion stepbefore digestion.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;4X of normally expectedresidual volume</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After deparaffinization,hemoglobin was added to theDigestion Buffer used to pre-wet the tissue section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extra Protease was added intothe reaction after the digestionstep and before columnpurification.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;10X of expected residualProtease after the heat-kill step</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wash buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wash buffer used to isolateDNA and RNA fromdeparaffinized and digestedsamples was added into analiquot of Dilution Solution,which was subsequently used todilute the RNA and DNA to theappropriate concentration beforelibrary preparation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% wash buffer (equivalent to~10% wash buffer carried overinto eluate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tissue sections were processedusing the standard protocol,without the addition of anypotentially interferingsubstances.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr></table>

A total of 8 FFPE samples (1 WT and 7 mutants) with 6 replicates each were processed through the entire assay workflow. The mutant samples included variants from all variant categories that can be detected by the test. The samples were spiked with additional concentrations or amounts of the listed substances at the relevant processing step, as shown in the table. Replicates of a control sample with no spiked substances were also analyzed. The concordance between variant calls in samples with and without interfering substances was computed for each substance under investigation.

With no calls excluded, for each potential interferent used in sample extraction, the positive and negative concordance with the control condition across all samples was $100 \%$ , and the overall concordance with the control condition across all samples was $100 \%$

With no calls excluded, the results of testing with hemoglobin showed positive concordance with the control condition of $100 \%$ (only samples with a positive control condition were analyzed), negative concordance of $9 9 . 9 9 \%$ , and overall concordance of $9 9 . 9 9 \%$ .

# g. Cross Contamination Study

A total of 8 FFPE cell line samples were evaluated to determine the percentage of false positive results caused by cross-contamination (contamination from one sample to another within the same sequencing run) and carryover contamination (contamination from a previous run on the same instrument system). Samples that were WT and mutant were tested in consecutive runs on the same instruments, and 5 DNA variant locations and 2 RNA variant locations that were expected to be WT for a sample were evaluated for contamination.

Out of 100 DNA and 80 RNA data points analyzed, no false positive results were reported in the DNA variants, and 1 false positive result was reported in a ROS1 fusion variant. The false positive was likely caused by sample crosscontamination from an adjacent well. Therefore, the false-positive rate at DNA variant locations was $0 \%$ (0/100) and the false-positive rate at RNA variant locations was $1 . 2 5 \%$ (1/80).