Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. Jeffrey M. Catania, Ph.D. Regulatory Affairs Director 1910 E. Innovation Park Dr. Tucson, Arizona 87555

Re: K172471 Trade/Device Name: VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5550 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulin (light chain specific) immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DEH Dated: April 5, 2018 Received: April 6, 2018

Dear Dr. Jeffrey Catania:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, Donna M. Roscoe -S 2018.05.08 15:17:03 -04'00'

For Reena Philip, Ph.D. Director Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K172471

Device Name VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Submitter: Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. 1910 E Innovation Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85755 (520) 887-2155   
Contact: Jeffrey Catania   
Date Prepared: 04-May-2018   
510(K): K172471

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

This 510(k) has not yet been assigned a number.

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">Device Name Predicate</td><td>Proprietary Name: VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Classification: 21CFR866.5550, Immunoglobulin (light chain specific)</td></tr><tr><td>immunological test system. Product Code: DEH</td></tr><tr><td>DAKO Corporation's Monoclonal Mouse Anti-Human Ki-1antigen, CD30,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Device Device</td><td>Clone Ber-H2</td></tr><tr><td>K965022 The VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay consists of the primary CD30 (Ber- H2) antibody, detection reagents and an instrument (BenchMark ULTRA automated staining instrument).</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay is a mouse monoclonal antibody (IgG1, kappa) directed against CD30. CD30 antigen is expressed in mononuclear Hodgkin's cells and multinucleated Reed Sternberg cells of Hodgkin Lymphoma as well as on anaplastic large cell lymphomas. This antibody variably produces membranous, cytoplasmic, and Golgi staining of both lymphoma cells and of scattered large activated B and T cells in lymph nodes, spleen, tonsil, and thymus. The OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit is an indirect, biotin-free system for detecting mouse IgG, mouse IgM, and rabbit primary antibodies. This kit is intended to detect antigens by IHC in sections of formalin-fixed, paraffin- embedded (FFPE) and frozen tissues that are stained on the BenchMark ULTRA instrument (note: the VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay will not be recommended for use in frozen tissue). The OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit produces a visible dark brown precipitate (3, 3'- Diaminobenzidine) via a horseradish peroxidase (HRP) enzymatic reaction at the antigen site. The Pathologist evaluates the brown precipitate using Bright-field microscopy.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use Summary of the new and predicate devices</td><td>The VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay is intended for laboratory use in the qualitative detection of the CD30 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin- embedded tissue stained with a VENTANA BenchMark ULTRA instrument and OptiView DAB IHC Detection Kit. CD30 positive staining results may aid in the identification of classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL) and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL). This product should be interpreted by a qualified pathologist in conjunction with histological examination, relevant clinical information, and proper controls. This antibody is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use. VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay consists of the primary CD30 (Ber-H2) antibody (mouse monoclonal), detection reagents and an automated staining</td></tr><tr><td>region..." VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay and the predicate DAKO K965022 device are substantially equivalent.</td><td>instrument (BenchMark ULTRA). It is intended for the qualitative detection of CD30 by immunohistochemistry in formalin fixed, paraffin embedded human tissue. The CD30 antigen is expressed in mononuclear Hodgkin's cells and multinucleated Reed Sternberg cells of Hodgkin Lymphoma as well as on anaplastic large cell lymphomas. This antibody variably produces membranous, cytoplasmic, and Golgi staining of both lymphoma cells and may be used to aid in the identification of classical Hodgkin lymphoma and anaplastic large cell lymphoma. The VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay has been compared to a predicate device, 'Monoclonal Mouse Anti-Human Ki-1antigen, CD30, Clone Ber- H2' developed by DAKO Corporation, which reports a similar indication and staining pattern. The predicate was granted 510(k) clearance by FDA in 1992 (K965022). The intended use of the predicate, as reported in the 1992 510(k), states that, "Monoclonal mouse anti-human Ki-1 antigen, CD30, Clone Ber-H2 (Ber-H2), may be used as one member of a panel of antibodies to aid in the differential diagnosis of large anaplastic cells of undetermined origin. This antibody stains cell membranes of most cases of anaplastic large cell lymphomas (ALCL), often called Ki-1 lymphomas. It also stains cell membranes and/or cytoplasm of most Hodgkin's lymphomas .... The staining pattern is most often described as strong membranous and weaker cytoplasmic, specifically paranuclear dot-positivity of the Golgi The results of testing have been compared between VENTANA CD30 (Ber- H2) Assay and the DAKO K965022 device through a premethod comparison study. The results of the study show a 91.0% (517-568) overall percent agreement rate between three readers and a 92.8% (739/796) overall agreement rate between four readers. It has been concluded that the</td></tr><tr><td>Non-clinical performance data</td><td>Non-clinical (analytical) performance testing has been conducted to demonstrate performance characteristics of VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay. Method Comparison studies have demonstrated substantial equivalence to predicate device (Dako K965022).</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Comparison of VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) to Predicate Device, DAKO CD30 (Ber-H2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Predicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProprietaryName</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">DAKO Corporation's MonoclonalMouse Anti-Human Ki-1antigen,CD30, Clone Ber-H2  K965022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2)Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDAClassification</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Class II non-Exempt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II, non-Exempt</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intended Use</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">Monoclonal mouse anti-human Ki-1antigen, CD30, Clone Ber-H2 (Ber-H2), may be used as one member of apanel of antibodies to aid in thedifferential diagnosis of largeanaplastic cells of undetermined origin.This antibody stains cell membranes ofmost cases of anaplastic large celllymphomas (ALCL), often called Ki-1lymphomas. It also stains cellmembranes and/or cytoplasm of mostHodgkin's lymphomas. Ber-H2 is avaluable aid in the assessment ofcutaneous lymphoid infiltrates,particularly when large atypical cellsare present. Most nonhematolymphoidneoplasms are negative with Ber-H2,although there are several significantexceptions. Membrane positivity isseen with embryonal carcinomas, andweak, diffuse cytoplasmic positivity isseen in pancreatic and salivary glandcarcinomas.The staining pattern is most oftendescribed as strong membranous andweaker cytoplasmic, specificallyparanuclear dot-positivity of the Golgiregion. The weak, diffuse cytoplasmicstaining is considered to be unexpected,non-specific labeling. It may bereduced or removed by changing theprotease pretreatment of the paraffinsections and/or further dilution of theBer-H2 antibody.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2)Assay is intended for laboratoryuse in the qualitative detection ofthe CD30 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissuestained with a VENTANABenchMark ULTRA instrument.CD30 positive staining resultsmay aid in the identification ofclassical Hodgkin lymphoma(cHL) and anaplastic large celllymphoma (ALCL). This productshould be interpreted by aqualified pathologist inconjunction with histologicalexamination, relevant clinicalinformation and proper controls.This antibody is intended for invitro diagnostic (IVD) use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison of VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) to Predicate Device, DAKO CD30 (Ber-H2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProprietaryName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAKO Corporation's MonoclonalMouse Anti-Human Ki-1antigen,CD30, Clone Ber-H2  K965022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2)Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone fixed, frozen and formalin orB5 fixed, paraffin-embedded tissues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formalin fixed, paraffinembedded human tissue</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IHC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IHC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CD30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CD30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visualization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation by light microscopy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation by lightmicroscopy</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UsePopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hodgkin's Lymphoma and AnaplasticLarge Cell Lymphoma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hodgkin's Lymphoma andAnaplastic Large CellLymphoma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative orQuantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">VENTANA CD30 (Ber-H2) Assay is substantially equivalent to Dako's510(k) cleared cd30 Ber-H2 clone in relevant characteristics andperformance; any differences will not adversely affect safety and efficacy.</td></tr></table>