January 11, 2018   
Sebia, Inc   
Karen Anderson   
Director of Technical and Regulatory   
1705 Corporate Drive, Suite 400   
Norcross, Georgia 30093

Re: K172195 Trade/Device Name: HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab, daratumumab Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5510 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, and E immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: CFF, JJY Dated: December 07, 2017 Received: December 12, 2017

Dear Karen Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Kelly Oliner -S

For,   
Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K172195

Device Name HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab Daratbumumab Control

Indications for Use (Describe)

Assay:

The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab test is intended for the qualitative detection of monoclonal proteins in human serum by immunofixation electrophoresis. The kits are to be used in conjunction with the HYDRAGEL IF kits and the semi-automated HYDRASYS 2 electrophoresis apparatus. The proteins, separated by electrophoresis on alkaline buffered agarose gels, are incubated with individual antisera that are specific against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A) and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively. After removing the non‐ reacted proteins, the immunoprecipitates are stained with acid violet. The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually for the presence of specific reactions with the suspect monoclonal proteins. The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kits remove the daratumumab $\mathrm { I g } \mathrm { G }$ , Kappa interference and enable the visual evaluation of the presence or absence of monoclonal proteins on the HYDRAGEL IF kits in patients who have received daratumumab therapy. For In Vitro Diagnostic Prescription Use Only.

# Control:

The daratumumab Control is designed for qualitative quality control of the HYDRASHIFT daratumumab immunofixation procedure performed using the HYDRASYS 2 instrument. The daratumumab Control is designed for laboratory use. It should be used like a human serum. For In Vitro Diagnostic Prescription Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K SUMMARY (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sebia, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400Norcross, Georgia 30093, USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Karen Anderson, Dir of Technical and RegulatoryPhone: 1-800-835-6497Fax: 770-446-8511Email: karen.anderson@sebia-usa.comYoussef Maakaroun, MD, Medical Affairs DirectorPhone 1-800-835-6497Fax 770-446-8511Email: youssef.maakaroun@sebia-usa.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>January 4, 2018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SebiaParc Technologique Léonard de VinciRue Léonard de Vinci,CP 8010 LISSES, 91008 EVRY CedexFRANCEPhone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumabDaratumumab CONTROL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrashift daratumumab Serum Immunofixation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Regulation No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR sec. 866.5510</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device classification and PanelClassification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II , Immunology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8023024</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

HYDRASYS 2 is a semi-automated multi-parameter system for start-to finish agarose gel electrophoresis: application of samples, migration, incubation, drying, staining, destaining and final-stage drying.

Abnormal bands in serum protein electrophoregrams, primarily those in the beta globulin and gamma globulin zones, are always suspected to be monoclonal proteins (M-proteins, paraproteins, monoclonal immunoglobulins) and therefore, an indication of performing an Immunofixation technique to type and confirm the monoclonal gammopathies.

Daratumumab is a human therapeutic Ig G Kappa monoclonal antibody and as such, during the clinical monitoring of patients treated with daratumumab, this antibody simulates a band detected by serum protein electrophoresis and immunofixation in the gamma region. It can simulate an endogenous Ig G Kappa paraprotein.

Daratumumab CONTROL is a qualitative quality control for the assay.

Reagents: REAGENTS AND MATERIALS SUPPLIED IN THE HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab KITS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4639 (20 TESTS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4640 (40 TESTS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-daratumumab antiserum (ready touse)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 0.4 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 0.85 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample diluent (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 2,2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 2,2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Green applicators (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 pack of 10 (15teeth)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 packs of 10 (15teeth)</td></tr></table>

# REAGENTS REQUIRED BUT NOT SUPPLIED

510(k) Summary 2   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA PRODUCT NUMBER</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HYDRAGEL 2 or 4 IFAcid violet - Dynamic mask</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4302, 4304 or 4381*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antisera and Fixative for immunofixation IF -Dynamic mask</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">or</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HYDRAGEL 2 or 4 IFAcid violet - Standard mask</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4802, 4804 or 4881*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antisera and Fixative for immunofixation IF -Standard mask</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4815</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Daratumumab CONTROL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4765</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DESTAINING SOLUTION</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4540</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HYDRASYS WASH SOLUTION</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4541</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HYDRAGEL IF SAMPLE DILUENT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4588</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FLUIDIL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4587</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DTT DILUENT (IF / IT)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4589</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BETA-MERCAPTOETHANOL (BME or2MERCAPTOETHANOL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not supplied by SEBIA</td></tr></table>

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab test is intended for the qualitative detection of monoclonal proteins in human serum by immunofixation electrophoresis. The kits are to be used in conjunction with the HYDRAGEL IF kits and the semi-automated HYDRASYS 2 electrophoresis apparatus. The proteins, separated by electrophoresis on alkaline buffered agarose gels, are incubated with individual antisera that are specific against gamma $( \mathsf { I g } \mathsf { G } )$ , alpha (Ig A) and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively. After removing the non‐reacted proteins, the immunoprecipitates are stained with acid violet. The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually for the presence of specific reactions with the suspect monoclonal proteins. The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kits remove the daratumumab Ig G, Kappa interference and enable the visual evaluation of the presence or absence of monoclonal proteins on the HYDRAGEL IF kits in patients who have received daratumumab therapy. For In Vitro Diagnostic Prescription Use Only.

The daratumumab Control is designed for the qualitative quality control of the HYDRASHIFT daratumumab immunofixation procedure performed using the HYDRASYS 2 instrument. The daratumumab Control is designed for laboratory use. It should be used like a human serum sample. For In Vitro Diagnostic Prescription Use Only.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The HYDRASHIFT daratumumab immunofixation procedure performed on HYDRAGEL IF 2/4 gel is based on the creation of a daratumumab / anti-daratumumab antibody complex and shifting it outside the gammaglobulins zone. With the HYDRASHIFT daratumumab procedure, the daratumumab / anti-daratumumab antibody complex is visualized in alpha-1 zone on Ig G and Kappa immunofixation tracks and then the interference is removed from the gamma zone.

# 4. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device510(k) number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNo.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRAGEL IF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K960669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5510</td></tr></table>

Similarities between the candidate device (HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab) and the predicate device (HYDRAGEL IF) (Table A).   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumabCandidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRAGEL             IFPredicate DeviceK960669)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumabtest is intended for the qualitativedetection of monoclonal proteins inhuman serumby immunofixationelectrophoresis. The kits are to be usedin conjunction with the HYDRAGEL IFkits   and   the    semi-automatedHYDRASYS     2     electrophoresisapparatus. The proteins, separated byelectrophoresis on alkaline bufferedagarose gels, are incubated withindividual antisera that are specificagainst gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A) andmu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa(free and bound) and lambda (free andbound) light chains, respectively. Afterremoving the non-reacted proteins, theimmunoprecipitates are stained withacid violet. The electrophoregrams areevaluated visually for the presence ofspecific reactions with the suspectmonoclonal         proteins.         TheHYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kitsremove the daratumumab Ig G, Kappainterference and enable the visualevaluation of the presence or absenceof monoclonal proteins on theHYDRAGEL IF kits in patients who havereceived daratumumab therapy. For InVitro Diagnostic Prescription Use Only.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The HYDRAGEL 1 IF, 2 IF, 4 IF and 9 IFkits are designed for detection ofmonoclonal proteins in human serumand urine by immunofixationelectrophoresis. The kits are used inconjunction with the semi-automatedHYDRASYS electrophoresis apparatus.The proteins, separated byelectrophoresis on alkaline bufferedagarose gels, are incubated withindividual antisera that are specificagainst gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A) andmu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (freeand bound) and lambda (free and bound)light chains, respectively. After removingthe non-reacted proteins, theimmunoprecipitates are stained eitherwith acid violet or amidoblack. Theelectrophoregrams are evaluated visuallyfor the presence of specific reactionswith the suspect monoclonal proteins.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agarose Gel Electrophoresis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agarose Gel Electrophoresis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Program</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses IF Program on Hydrasys 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentsGel kitAntisera kitAccessory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSameHYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRAGEL IFAntisera and Fixative forimmunofixation IFNA</td></tr></table>

Table B. Differences between the predicate device (HYDRAGEL IF) and the candidate device (HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab) in (Table B).   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumabCandidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRAGEL IFPredicate Device K960669)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum, Human Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Using anti-daratumumab antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No anti-daratumumab antibody</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daratumumabband</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Removed from gamma zone intoalpha zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remains in Gamma zone</td></tr></table>

# 5. Performance Data:

# a) Repeatability

Ten (10) different serum samples, including 1 normal serum sample and 9 serum samples with monoclonal components, were run using the HYDRASHIFT $_ { 2 / 4 }$ daratumumab procedure used in conjunction with each of the following kits: - HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid violet Standard mask, - HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid violet Dynamic mask.

Each sample was run 4 times within the same gel.

For each tested sample, all repeats gave $100 \%$ of concordant results within gel.

510(k) Summary 5   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total analyses pergel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, L + Ig A, K + IgM, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig A, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig A, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Ig M, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig M, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr></table>

# b) Reproducibility between gels, between lots and between instruments

Ten (10) different serum samples, including 1 normal serum sample and 9 serum samples with monoclonal components, were run using the HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab procedure used in conjunction with each of the following kits : - HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid violet Standard mask, - HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid violet Dynamic mask.

This study was performed with 3 HYDRASYS 2 instruments and with 3 lots of HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kit.

The normal sample was analyzed on 9 runs including one analysis per gel on 3 gels over 3 working days.

The samples with monoclonal components were analyzed on 9 runs with one analysis per gel, over 3 working days.

All samples gave $100 \%$ of concordant results between gels on the 3 HYDRASYS 2 instruments and with 3 lots of HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kit.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleNo.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Instrument No. 1 / LotNo. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Instrument No. 2 / LotNo. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Instrument No. 3 / LotNo. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totalanalysesper sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, L +IgA, K+Ig M, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig G, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig A, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig A, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig M, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ig M, L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Kappafree</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambdafree</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %concordantresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr></table>

# c) External comparative studies

The results presented below have been obtained from 2 external studies performed in the USA. The external study No. 1 was performed on 198 samples and the external study No. 2 was performed on 172 samples. The first 172 samples have been analyzed on both sites.

# External study No. 1

Comparative study No. 1 was performed on 198 serum samples analyzed with:   
HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Dynamic Mask kit,   
HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab used in conjunction with HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Dynamic Mask kit.

With the HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Dynamic Mask procedure, the daratumumab was visualized on G track and on Kappa track for 113 samples. For those samples, the HYDRASHIFT $^ { 2 / 4 }$ daratumumab used in conjunction with HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Dynamic Mask kit allows the shifting of the daratumumab.

For the other 85 samples, the characterization (normal or abnormal with monoclonal components) was the same between both procedures.

This study demonstrated $100 \%$ concordant result:

- For 42 normal serum samples: $100 \%$ concordant result.   
- For the 156 pathological serum samples: $100 \%$ concordant result.

# External study No. 2

Comparative study No. 2 was performed on 172 serum samples analyzed with:

HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Standard Mask kit, - HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab used in conjunction with HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Standard Mask kit.

With the HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Standard Mask procedure, the daratumumab was visualized on G track and on Kappa track for 98 samples. For those samples, the HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab used in conjunction with HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Standard Mask kit allows the shifting of the daratumumab.

For the other 74 samples, the characterization (normal or abnormal with monoclonal components) was the same between both procedures.

This study demonstrated $100 \%$ concordant result:

- For 38 normal serum samples: $100 \%$ concordant result.   
- For the 134 pathological serum samples: $100 \%$ concordant result.

# d) Sensitivity

Six (6) serum samples, including 2 normal serum samples and 4 serum samples with different monoclonal components, added with daratumumab at different concentrations (final concentrations in sample between 0.1 and $3 . 0 { \ } 9 / \mathrm { L }$ ) were analyzed with the HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab procedure used in conjunction with each of the following kits: - HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Standard Mask, - HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid Violet Dynamic Mask.

The detection limit of daratumumab and/or daratumumab /anti-daratumumab antibody complex visualized is $0 . 3 { \mathfrak { g } } / \mathsf { L }$ .

# e) Controls

It is recommended to run an assayed control serum (such as daratumumab CONTROL, SEBIA PN 4765) after each change of lot of a reagent.

# f) Interferences

The common interfering factors with the HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab procedure (bilirubin, triglycerides, hemoglobin and rheumatoid factor) were evaluated in studies based on the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP7-A2 guideline “Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Second Edition”. Additional inferference studies included: Human Anti-Mouse Antibody (HAMA, Pomalidomide, Lenalidomide, Dexamethasone, Bortezomib).

The results are summarized below   
No interference with the HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab procedure was detected due to the serum sample’s concentration of the following interfering factors tested at levels equal to the concentrations listed below :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering factor/ Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL (342 µM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pomalidomide,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,00 g/dL (34,5 mM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lenalidomide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 g/L (0,2 g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 UI/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bortezomib</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Anti-MouseAntibody (HAMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer : 640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

# g) Results

Interpretation, Interference and Limitations and Troubleshooting: See the instructions for use of the HYDRAGEL IF Standard mask or Dynamic mask kits.

A band on G and K immunofixation tracks outside the gammaglobulins zone and in alpha-1 zone corresponds to the daratumumab / anti-daratumumab antibody complex. NOTE: Sometimes, the daratumumab complex is more faint in K track than in G track.

The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab immunofixation removes the daratumumab Ig G, Kappa interference and enables the visual evaluation of the presence or absence of monoclonal proteins on the HYDRAGEL IF kits, a negative test demonstrates the absence of monoclonal proteins in patients who have received daratumumab therapy.

The absence of any monoclonal protein on HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab immunofixation assay in either Alpha 2, Beta or Gamma zones is interpreted as a negative assay for monoclonal protein.

The presence of a monoclonal protein ( or biclonal) on HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab immunofixation assay in either Alpha 2, Beta or Gamma zones is interpreted as a positive assay for monoclonal protein.

Some samples may give a faint band close to the application point due to a non-specific precipitation of proteins. This band may be visible on the G track and more particularly on the K track and cannot be confused with a monoclonal component

# 6. IMWG Response Criteria

The current standard of practice for monitoring responses and relapses in multiple myeloma involve serum protein electrophoresis (SPEP) and Immunofixation (IF) (to determine complete response). International guidelines such as the National Comprehensive Cancer Network Clinical Practice Guidelines for Multiple Myeloma (NCCN) use reductions of monoclonal protein by SPEP and normalization of IFE to stratify response.

NCCN Guidelines Version 3.2017 \*The Lancet Oncology 17 Kumar S, Paiva B, Anderson K, et al. International Myeloma Working Group consensus criteria for response and minimal response disease assessment in multiple myeloma, e328-46   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">*New criteria (2016) - International Myeloma Working Group</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stringent complete response</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Complete response as defined below plus normal FLCratio** and absence of clonal cells in bone marrow biopsy byimmunohistochemistry (k/λ ratio ≤4:1 or ≥1:2 for K and λpatients, respectively, after counting ≥100 plasma cells)†t</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Complete response</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative immunofixation on the serum and urine anddisappearance of any soft tissue plasmacytomas and &lt;5%plasma cells in bone marrow aspirates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Very good partial response</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and urine M-protein detectable by immunofixation butnot on electrophoresis or ≥90% reduction in serum M-proteinplus urine M-protein level &lt;100 mg per 24 h</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Partial response</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥50% reduction of serum M-protein plus reduction in 24-hurinary M-protein by ≥90% or to &lt;200 mg per 24 h;If the serum and urine M-protein are unmeasurable, a ≥50%decrease in the difference between involved and uninvolvedFLC levels is required in place of the M-protein criteria;If serum and urine M-protein are unmeasurable, andserumfree light assay is also unmeasurable, ≥50% reductionin plasma cells is required in place of M-protein, providedbaseline bone marrow plasma-cell percentage was≥30%. In addition to these criteria, if present at baseline, a≥50% reduction in the size (sum of the products of the maximalperpendicular diameters [SPD] of measured lesions)§§of soft tissue plasmacytomas is also required</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimal response</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥25% but ≤49% reduction of serum M-protein and reduction in24-h urine M-protein by 50%-89%. In addition to theabove listed criteria, if present at baseline, a ≥50%reduction in SPD§§ of soft tissue plasmacytomas isalso required</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stable disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not recommended for use as an indicator of response; stabilityof disease is best described by providing thetime-to-progression estimates. Not meeting criteria forcomplete response, very good partial response, partialresponse, minimal response, or progressive disease</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Progressive disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Any one or more of the following criteria:Increase of 25% from lowest confirmed response value in oneor more of the following criteria:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum M-protein (absolute increase must be ≥0.5 g/dL); SerumM-protein increase ≥1 g/dL, if the lowest M component was ≥5g/dL;Urine M-protein (absolute increase must be ≥200 mg/24 h);In patients without measurable serum and urine M-proteinlevels, the difference between involved and uninvolved FLClevels (absolute increase must be &gt;10 mg/dL); In patientswithout measurable serum and urine M-protein levels andwithout measurable involved FLC levels, bone marrowplasma-cell percentage irrespective of baseline status(absolute increase must be ≥10%);Appearance of a new lesion(s), ≥50% increase from nadir inSPD§§ of &gt;1 lesion, or ≥50% increase in the longest diameterof a previous lesion &gt;1 cm in short axis;≥50% increase in circulating plasma cells (minimum of 200 cellsper µL) if this is the only measure of disease</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical relapse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical relapse requires one or more of the following criteria:Direct indicators of increasing disease and/or end organdysfunction (calcium elevation, renal failure, anemia, lyticbone lesions [CRAB features]) related to the underlying clonalplasma-cell proliferative disorder. It is notused in calculation of time to progression or progression-freesurvival but is listed as something that can be reportedoptionally or for use in clinical practice;Development of new soft tissue plasmacytomas or bonelesions (osteoporotic fractures do not constitute progression);Definite increase in the size of existing plasmacytomas or bonelesions. A definite increase is defined as a 50%(and ≥1 cm) increase as measured serially by the SPD§§ of themeasurable lesion;Hypercalcemia (&gt;11 mg/dL);Decrease in hemoglobin of ≥2 g/dL not related to therapy orother non-myeloma-related conditions;Rise in serum creatinine by 2 mg/dL or more from the start ofthe therapy and attributable to myeloma; Hyperviscosityrelated to serum paraprotein</td></tr></table>

# 7. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.