June 22, 2018

Roche Diagnostics   
Adennis Cora   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250

Re: K181492 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys CA 15-3 II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MOI Dated: June 5, 2018 Received: June 6, 2018

Dear Adennis Cora:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kelly Oliner -S

For   
Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K181492

Device Name Elecsys CA 15-3 II

Indications for Use (Describe)

Immunological in vitro assay for quantitative determination of CA 15-3 in human serum, Li-heparin and EDTA plasma to aid in the management of breast cancer patients. In conjunction with other clinical and diagnostic procedures, serial testing with this assay is an aid

▪ in the early detection of recurrence in previously treated stage II and III breast cancer patients ▪ for monitoring response to therapy in metastatic breast cancer patients

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K181492

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adennis CoraPhone: (317) 521-3915FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: adennis.cora_gress@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 10, 2018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 15-3 II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Cancer Antigen 15-3 II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test, Immunological, Antigen, Tumor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOI, 866.6010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 15-3 II (K171605)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the Elecsys CA 15-3 II, the establishment registration number for RocheDiagnostics GmbH manufacturing in Penzberg, Germany is 9610529, and forRoche Diagnostics GmbH packaging in Mannheim, Germany is 9610126. Theestablishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics in the United States is1823260.</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Elecsys CA 15-3 II Test System is a two-step sandwich immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection for the quantitative determination of CA 15-3 in human serum, Li-heparin plasma and EDTA plasma. It is intended for use on the cobas e 801 immunoassay analyzer. The cobas e family of analyzers employs the electrochemiluminescence “ECLIA” technology.

Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2-point calibration and a master curve provided via the cobas link.

# 1.1. Reagents

The cobas e pack includes:

 Streptavidin-coated microparticles   
Reagent 1 (Biotinylated monoclonal antibody (115D8; mouse) 1.75 mg/L)   
 Reagent 2 (Monoclonal anti-CA 15-3 antibody (DF3; mouse) labeled with ruthenium complex $1 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ )

# 1.2. Calibration

Traceability: This method has been standardized against the Elecsys CA 15-3 assay. This in turn has been standardized against the Enzymun Test CA 15 3 method and CA 15-3 RIA by Fujirebio Diagnostics. The predefined master curve is adapted to the analyzer using the relevant CalSet. Calibration frequency: Calibration must be performed once per reagent lot using fresh reagent (i.e. not more than 24 hours since the cobas e pack was registered on the analyzer). Calibration interval may be extended based on acceptable verification of calibration by the laboratory.

# 1.3. Control

PreciControl Tumor Marker is used for the quality control verification of the performance of the assay on the cobas e analyzers.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Immunological in vitro assay for quantitative determination of CA 153 in human serum, Li-heparin and EDTA plasma to aid in the management of breast cancer patients. In conjunction with other clinical and diagnostic procedures, serial testing with this assay is an aid

 in the early detection of recurrence in previously treated stage II and III breast cancer patients  for monitoring response to therapy in metastatic breast cancer patients

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following table compares the Elecsys CA 15-3 II with its predicate device, CA 15-3 (K171605). In summary, the Elecsys CA15-3 II described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate</td><td>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td>Assay</td><td>CA 15-3 II (Cleared K171605)</td><td>Elecsys CA 15-3 II (K181492)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended use</td><td>Immunological in vitro assay for quantitative determination of CA 15-3 in human serum and Li- heparin plasma to aid in the management of breast cancer patients. In conjunction with other clinical and diagnostic procedures, serial testing with this assay is an aid in the early detection of recurrence in previously treated</td><td>Immunological in vitro assay for quantitative determination of CA 15-3 in human serum, Li- heparin and EDTA plasma to aid in the management of breast cancer patients. In conjunction with other clinical and diagnostic procedures, serial testing with this assay is an aid in the early detection of recurrence in previously</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>stage II and II breast cancer patients for monitoring response to therapy in metastatic breast</td><td>treated stage II and III breast cancer patients for monitoring response to therapy in metastatic breast</td></tr><tr><td>cancer patients The electrochemiluminescence</td><td>cancer patients The electrochemiluminescence</td></tr><tr><td>immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td><td>immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and Li-heparinplasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, Li-heparin andK2-EDTA plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on monoclonal 115D8 andDF3 antibodies available fromFujirebio Diagnostics, itslicensees and its representatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas e 801</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 - 300 U/mLDetermined by LOQ (Per EP17-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA 15-3 II CalSet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreciControl Tumor Marker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The method has beenstandardized against theEnzymun-Test CA 15-3 method.This in turn has beenstandardized against the CA 15-3RIA from Fujirebio Diagnostics.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prewash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prewash needed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Non-clinical performance evaluation for the Elecsys CA 15-3 II are briefly summarized below:

# 4.1. Precision

Precision and reproducibility of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II were demonstrated under K171605.

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II were demonstrated under K171605.

# 4.3. High-Dose Hook Effect

High-Dose Hook Effect of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II was demonstrated under K171605.

# 4.4. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

Linearity/Assay Reportable Range of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II was demonstrated under K171605.

# 4.5. Endogenous Interferences

Endogenous Interferences of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II was demonstrated under K171605.

# 4.6. Exogenous Interferences – Anticoagulants

# 4.6.1 Serum/Li-Heparin Plasma Comparison

The performance of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II using Li-heparin plasmas sample comparing to serum sample on the cobas e 801 analyzer was demonstrated under K171605.

# 4.6.2 Serum/K2-EDTA Plasma Comparison

A study was performed to demonstrate that $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA plasma samples yield comparable values as serum samples by the Elecsys CA 15-3 II assay on the cobas e 801 analyzer. 44 serum/plasma paired samples were tested in singleton with one reagent lot on one cobas e 801 Immunoassay Analyzer. Potential effects were assessed by Passing/Bablok regression analysis. The data are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs.K2-EDTA Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.37298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985(0.9551.036)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.279(-1.143 - 0.288)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr></table>

Conclusion:

The 44 serum/plasma pairs fulfilled the acceptance criteria for Passing Bablock Analysis. The data supports the addition of $\mathrm { K } 2$ -EDTA plasma type.

# 4.7. Method Comparison to cobas e 601 Immunoassay Analyzer

Method Comparison of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II on the cobas e 801 to the cobas e 601 immunoassay analyzer was demonstrated under K171605.

# 4.8. Stability (Reagent, Sample, Calibration)

Stability (Reagent, Sample, Calibration) of the Elecsys CA 15-3 II was demonstrated under K171605.

# 5. CONCLUSIONS

The information provided in this 510(k) Premarket Notification will support extending the sample type to include $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA plasma for the Elecsys CA 15-3 II test system on cobas e 801. The data supports a safe, effective device which performs as well as the predicate device.