June 25, 2018

Phadia AB   
Martin Mann   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue   
Portage, Michigan 49002

Re: K181329 Trade/Device Name: EliA B2-Glycoprotein I IgA Immunoassay, EliA Cardiolipin IgA Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5660 Regulation Name: Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MSV, MID Dated: May 14, 2018 Received: May 18, 2018

Dear Martin Mann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).   
For   
Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known)

Device Name EliA(TM) ß2-Glycoprotein I IgA Immunoassay, EliA(TM) Cardiolipin IgA Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe) EliA ß2-Glycoprotein I IgA is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgA antibodies directed to ß2- Glycoprotein I in human serum and plasma (Li-heparin, EDTA) to aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) as well as thrombotic disorders related to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA ß2-Glycoprotein I IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instrument Phadia 2500/5000.

EliA Cardiolipin IgA is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgA antibodies directed to cardiolipin in human serum and plasma (Li-heparin, EDTA) to aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) as well as thrombotic disorders related to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Cardiolipin IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instrument Phadia 2500/5000.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# A.1 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness per 21CFR 807.92(c).

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

510(k) SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DETERMINATION DECISION SUMMARY ASSAY AND INSTRUMENT COMBINATION TEMPLATE

A. 510(k) Number: K181329

B. Purpose for Submission: Adding previously cleared assays on a new instrument platform (Phadia® 2500/5000)

C. Measurands: Anti- $\cdot \beta 2$ -glycoprotein I IgA autoantibodies Anti-cardiolipin IgA autoantibodies

D. Type of Test: Semi-quantitative measurement immunoassays

E. Applicant: Phadia AB Rapsgatan 7P P.O. Box 6460 SE-751 37 Uppsala, Sweden Tel: +46-18-16 50 60

510(k) Contact Person:   
Martin Mann   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue   
Portage, Mi 49002, USA   
$+ 1$ (-269-492) -1957 (Phone) $+ 1$ (-269-492) -7541 (Fax)   
martin.mann@thermofisher.com

Date of Summary Preparation: May 15, 2018

F. Proprietary and Established Names: EliA™ 2-Glycoprotein I IgA Immunoassay EliA™ Cardiolipin IgA Immunoassay

# G. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR §866.5660 Multiple autoantibodies immunological test system

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product code: MSV System, Test, Antibodies, $\beta 2$ -Glycoprotein I (β2-GPI) MID System, Test, Anti-Cardiolipin Immunological

4. Panel: Immunology (82)

# H. Intended use(s):

1. Intended use(s):

EliA 2-Glycoprotein I IgA is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgA antibodies directed to 2-Glycoprotein I in human serum and plasma (Li-heparin, EDTA) to aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) as well as thrombotic disorders related to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA 2- Glycoprotein I IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instrument Phadia 2500/5000.

EliA Cardiolipin IgA is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgA antibodies directed to cardiolipin in human serum and plasma (Li-heparin, EDTA) to aid in the diagnosis of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) as well as thrombotic disorders related to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Cardiolipin IgA uses the EliA IgA method on the instrument Phadia 2500/5000.

2. Indication(s) for use: Same as intended use

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): For prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements:   
Performance studies were obtained from the Phadia $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2500/5000 instrument This device is not for point-of-care use.

# I. Device Description:

The method-specific reagents are identical with K112414 (EliA $\beta 2$ -Glycoprotein I IgA) and K131821 (EliA Cardiolipin IgA), but are filled in containers specific for the Phadia 2500/5000 instrument. Each device consists of:

Test Wells:   
EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA Wells are coated with human $\beta 2$ -Glycoprotein I antigen – 2 carriers (12 wells each), ready to use;   
EliA Cardiolipin IgA Wells are coated with bovine cardiolipin antigen and bovine $\beta 2$ -glycoprotein I as co-factor – 2 carriers (12 wells each), ready to use; EliA Sample Diluent: PBS containing BSA, detergent and $0 . 0 9 5 \%$ (w/v)   
sodium azide – 6 bottles, $4 8 \mathsf { m L }$ each, ready to use; or 6 bottles, $4 0 0 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ each, ready to use;   
EliA IgA Conjugate 50 or 200: $\beta$ -Galactosidase labeled anti-IgA (mouse   
monoclonal antibodies) in PBS containing BSA and $0 . 0 6 \%$ (w/v) sodium azide – 6 wedge shaped bottles, 5 mL each, ready to use; or 6 wedge shaped bottles, $1 9 \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use   
EliA IgA Calibrator Strips: Human IgA (0, 0.3, 1.5, 5, 15, $8 0 \mu \ g / \mathsf { L } )$ in PBS containing BSA, detergent and $0 . 0 9 5 \%$ (w/v) sodium azide – 5 strips, 6 singleuse vials per strip, $0 . 3 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ each, ready to use;   
EliA IgA Curve Control Strips: Human IgA $( 2 0 \mu \ g / \mathsf { L } )$ in PBS containing BSA, detergent and $0 . 0 9 5 \%$ (w/v) sodium azide – 5 strips, 6 single-use vials per strip, $0 . 3 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ each, ready to use;   
EliA IgA Calibrator Well: Coated with mouse monoclonal antibodies – 4   
carriers (12 wells each), ready to use.

The Phadia EliA Immunodiagnostic System is an automated system for immunodiagnostic testing. The EliA reagents are available as modular packages, each purchased separately. All packages are required to carry out EliA β2- Glycoprotein I IgA and EliA Cardiolipin IgA tests.

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s) and 510(k) number(s): EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA on Phadia 250 instrument, K112414 EliA Cardiolipin IgA on Phadia 250 instrument, K131821

2. Comparison with predicate device:

EliA APS IgA Immunoassays on Phadia 250 and Phadia 2500/5000 instruments – Similarities to predicate devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DevicePhadia 250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DevicePhadia 2500/5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UseEliA Cardiolipin IgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EliA Cardiolipin IgA is intendedfor the in vitro semi-quantitativemeasurement of IgA antibodiesdirected to cardiolipin in humanserum and plasma (heparin,EDTA, citrate) to aid in thediagnosis of antiphospholipidsyndrome (APS) as well asthrombotic disorders related tosystemic lupus erythematosus(SLE) in conjunction with otherlaboratory and clinical findings.EliA Cardiolipin IgA uses the EliAIgA method on the instrumentPhadia 250.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EliA Cardiolipin IgA is intendedfor the in vitro semi-quantitativemeasurement of IgA antibodiesdirected to cardiolipin in humanserum and plasma (Li-heparin,EDTA) to aid in the diagnosis ofantiphospholipid syndrome(APS) as well as thromboticdisorders related to systemiclupus erythematosus (SLE) inconjunction with other laboratoryand clinical findings. EliACardiolipin IgA uses the EliA IgAmethod on the instrumentPhadia 2500/5000.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UseEliA β2-GlycoproteinIIgA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA isintended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgAantibodies directed to β2-Glycoprotein I in human serumand plasma (heparin, EDTA,citrate) to aid in the diagnosis ofantiphospholipid syndrome(APS) as well as thromboticdisorders related to systemiclupus erythematosus (SLE) inconjunction with other laboratoryand clinical findings. EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA uses the EliAIgA method on the instrumentPhadia 250.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA isintended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgAantibodies directed to β2-Glycoprotein I in human serumand plasma (Li-heparin, EDTA)to aid in the diagnosis ofantiphospholipid syndrome(APS) as well as thromboticdisorders related to systemiclupus erythematosus (SLE) inconjunction with other laboratoryand clinical findings. EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA uses the EliAIgA method on the instrumentPhadia 2500/5000.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyticaltechnology:Immuno-fluorescencemeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay process</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common, dedicatedPhadia reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameIntroduction of new articlenumbers for Development</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solution, Stop Solution andWashing Solution is only due tolarger filling volumes which arerequired for the biggerinstruments Phadia 2500/5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result calculationsoftware; PhadiaInformation DataManager (IDM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 µL (20 µL of non-dilutedsample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 µL (20 µL of non-dilutedsample</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubationtemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DevelopmentSolution Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stop SolutionVolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay set-up</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random access</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random access</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent packagingsize</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Various/Common</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Various/CommonIntroduction of new articlenumber for EliA Sample Diluent(83-1071-01) is only due tolarger filling volume.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboard storage ofreagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to 1st result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~2h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~2 h</td></tr></table>

EliA APS IgA Immunoassays on Phadia 250 and Phadia 2500/5000 instruments – Differences to predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DevicePhadia 250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DevicePhadia 2500/5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample matrix;Serum or plasmatype as indicated inthe DFU dependenton assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma (heparin,EDTA, citrate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma (Li-heparin,EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daily throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~250 tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~2500/5000 tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 250 uses a steel pipetteto dilute the samples in DilutionPlates (Art.No. 12-3907-08)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 2500/5000 usesdisposable Pipette Tips in Racks(Art No. 12-3805-04) forpipetting samples in DilutionWell (Art.No. 12-4005-69)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risk for carry-over</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The warning &quot;DO NOT REUSE&quot;in the Phadia 250 DFU for EliAConjugates is due to the fact thata low risk of conjugatecontamination by carry-over fromsamples was identified. In orderto reduce the risk, the single usestatement for the conjugate wasincluded in the Phadia 250 DFU.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>When running EliA tests on thePhadia 2500/5000 instruments,there is no need for this warningstatement because theseinstruments use disposable tipsfor pipetting samples and aseparate pipette for theconjugate, and carry-over fromsamples to conjugate isimpossible.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loading of EliACarriers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA carriers are loaded manuallyon the Loading Tray from wherethey can be processed directly ortransferred to the cooled storagecompartment.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Phadia 2500/5000instruments do not have such aLoading Tray. The EliA carriersare loaded into racks which aredirectly transferred to the cooledstorage compartment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barcode reader</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Phadia 250 instrument hasa built-in barcode reader at thefront of the instrument, but theoperator needs to scan thebarcodes manually by showingthe reagents to the barcodereader. Alternatively, theoperator can also enter thecharacters below the barcodemanually.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Phadia 2500/5000instruments dispose of a built-inbarcode reader, and thereagents are on a moving beltwhich conveys them past thebarcode reader. The lot-specificinformation will be readautomatically by the instrumentduring loading.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process time / Timeto patient result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 250 needs 1 minute toprocess one Well.Phadia 250 provides the resultsat a one minute interval.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 2500/5000 instrumentsprocess two Wells in parallel in48 seconds.Phadia 2500/5000 provides theresults at a 24 seconds interval.</td></tr></table>

K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3; Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; September 2014   
CLSI EP06-A Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement   
Procedures: A Statistical Approach; April 2003   
CLSI EP17-A, Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantification; October 2004.   
CLSI EP09-A3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples

# L. Test Principle:

The EliA wells are molded cups comparable to excised wells from a microtiter plate. They are made of polystyrene and are coated with the respective antigen. The wells are at the same time a holder of the coupled antigen for convenient automation and a reaction chamber with reaction/washing solution handling based on pipetting to add and aspiration to remove liquids.

The EliA wells are coated with bovine cardiolipin antigen, or with human $\beta 2 \cdot$ Glycoprotein I antigen. If present in the patient's specimen, antibodies to these proteins bind to the specific antigen. After washing away non-bound antibodies, enzyme-labeled antibodies against human IgA antibodies (EliA IgA Conjugate) are added to form an antibody-conjugate complex. After incubation, non-bound conjugate is washed away and the bound complex is incubated with a Development Solution. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence in the reaction mixture is measured. The higher the response value, the more specific IgA is present in the specimen. To evaluate test results, the response for patient samples is compared directly to the response for calibrators.

# M. Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

1. Analytical performance:

# a. Precision/Reproducibility:

To determine the precision of the assay, the variability was assessed in a study with five serum samples totaling in 21 runs (3 instruments $\times 7$ runs).

The study was performed with 1 run/day over a period of 7 days. Each serum sample was tested in four replicates/run giving in total 84 replicates per serum sample. The data was calculated against the calibration curve from Day 1.

We included only one lot of EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA Well and EliA Cardiolipin IgA Well on the Phadia 2500/5000 instrument, as data for inter-lot-variation has already been shown in K112414 and K131821.

The results are summarized in the table below:

EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA on Phadia 2500/5000   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(EliAU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalImprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td></tr></table>

EliA Cardiolipin IgA on Phadia 2500/5000   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(APL-U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalImprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

Four patient serum samples were diluted in sample diluent and tested with one batch of EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA and EliA Cardiolipin IgA Immunoassays and one set of system reagents on Phadia 2500/5000. The results of the regression analysis are summarized below:

EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA on Phadia 2500/5000   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution range(EliA U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R²</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 - 66.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2205.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4--242.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5 - 198.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

The reportable range (Limit of Detection, upper limit) for EliA $\beta 2$ -Glycoprotein I IgA is from 0.3 to 183 EliA $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { U } } / \mathrm { m L }$ . The measuring range (Limit of Quantitation, upper limit) is from 1.1 to 183 EliA U/mL.

EliA Cardiolipin IgA on Phadia 2500/5000   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution range(APL-U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R²</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 49.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8-91.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 -147.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4 - 221.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

The reportable range (Limit of Detection, upper limit) for EliA Cardiolipin IgA is from 0.3 to 181 APL-U/mL. The measuring range (Limit of Quantitation, upper limit) is from 1.0 to 181 APL-U/mL.

Statements included in the package inserts: “Please note that concentration values between LoD and LoQ may show a higher uncertainty.”

“Please note that due to differing binding characteristics of the antibodies in patient samples, not all sera can be diluted linearly within the measuring range.”

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): The EliA IgA method was previously reviewed in K062787.

d. Detection limit:

The limit of blank (LoB) and limit of detection (LoD) studies were performed on the Phadia 2500/5000 instrument. One blank sample and three low level serum samples were measured in thirty-three and eleven replicates, respectively, in each of two runs.

# EliA 2-Glycoprotein I IgA:

The LoD for EliA $\beta 2$ -Glycoprotein I IgA is 0.3 EliA U/mL, determined consistent with the guidelines in CLSI document EP17-A2 and with proportions of false positives (α) less than $5 \%$ and false negatives (β) less than $5 \%$ ; based on 132 determinations with 66 blank and 66 low level replicates; and LoB of 0.1 EliA U/mL.

The LoQ for EliA 2-Glycoprotein I IgA is 1.1 EliA U/mL, determined consistent with the guidelines in CLSI document EP17-A2, based on 66 determinations, and a target uncertainty goal of $20 \%$ .

The results are summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA β2-Glycoprotein I IgA (EliA U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 2500/5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr></table>

# EliA Cardiolipin IgA:

The LoD for EliA Cardiolipin IgA is $0 . 3 A P L \mathrm { - U / m L }$ , determined consistent with the guidelines in CLSI document EP17-A2 and with proportions of false positives (α) less than $5 \%$ and false negatives (β) less than $5 \%$ ; based on 132 determinations with 66 blank and 66 low level replicates; and LoB of 0.1 APL-U/mL.

The LoQ for EliA Cardiolipin IgA is $1 . 0 A P L \mathrm { - U / m L }$ , determined consistent with the guidelines in CLSI document EP17-A2, based on 66 determinations, and a target uncertainty goal of $20 \%$ .

The results are summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Cardiolipin IgA (APL-U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 2500/5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

e. Analytical specificity:

Interference: Previously reviewed in K112414 and K131821

Carry-over: Phadia 2500/5000 instruments use disposable tips for pipetting samples and a separate pipette for the conjugate, therefore carry-over from samples to conjugate is impossible.

# f. Assay cut-off:

The ranges (negative, equivocal, positive) recommended for the evaluation of the test results were derived from the clinical studies (s. K112414 and K131821).

EliA 2-Glycoprotein I IgA Well   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 7EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-10EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 10EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# EliA Cardiolipin IgA Well

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 14APL-U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 -20APL-U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 20APL-U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# 2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device (Instrument comparison): See 2c Instrument Comparison below

b. Matrix comparison: Previously reviewed under K112414 and K131821.

# c. Instrument comparison

In the Method Comparison studies for the two EliA tests included in this submission, more than 100 serum samples $( \geq 2 0 \%$ of the samples within $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the medical decision point) were run in single replicates on one Phadia 250 and three Phadia 2500/5000 instruments. The acceptance criteria for the method comparison (the slope for the regression lines should be $0 . 9 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 1 . 1$ for single replicate to single replicate and intercept close to 0) were met for EliA $\beta 2 \cdot$ Glycoprotein I IgA and EliA Cardiolipin IgA.

# EliA $\beta 2$ -Glycoprotein I IgA:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58 to 1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95 to 1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.20 to 0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 to 1.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.06 to 0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 to 1.05</td></tr></table>

equivocal results considered positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6% - 99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.3% - 93.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8% - 97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.9% - 95.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.4% - 97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6% - 98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7% - 98.4%</td></tr></table>

equivocal results considered negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PH2500/5000 B   PH2500/5000 C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8% - 99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8% - 99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0% - 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4% - 100%</td></tr></table>

# EliA Cardiolipin IgA:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01 to 0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 to 1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.64 to 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95 to 1.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.90 to -0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04 to 1.10</td></tr></table>

equivocal results considered positive

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 B PH2500/5000 C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 B PH2500/5000 C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.9% - 96.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7% - 99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2% - 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8% - 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0% - 99.8%</td></tr></table>

equivocal results considered negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH2500/5000 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PH2500/5000 A PH2500/5000 B PH2500/5000 C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.9% - 99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.7% - 98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2% - 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1% - 98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1% - 98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1% - 98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8% - 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5% - 97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2% - 98.9%</td></tr></table>

# 3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical sensitivity: Not applicable.

b. Clinical specificity: Not applicable.

c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Clinical performance values were reviewed in K112414 and K131821.

4. Clinical cut-off: Same as assay cut-off.

# 5. Expected values/Reference range:

The frequency distribution for anti-β2-Glycoprotein I IgA and anti-cardiolipin IgA antibodies was investigated in a group of apparently healthy subjects equally distributed by age and gender, using sera from a Caucasian population obtained from a blood bank.   
The results are given in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n =</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median(EliA U/mL;APL-U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95thpercentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99thpercentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA β2-Glycoprotein IIgA on Phadia2500/5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Cardiolipin IgAon Phadia 2500/5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5</td></tr></table>

# N. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# O. Conclusion:

All available data support that both instrument platforms, Phadia 250 and Phadia 2500/5000 perform substantially equivalent when using the EliA $\beta 2 \cdot$ Glycoprotein I IgA and EliA Cardiolipin IgA immunoassays.

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.