Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC Shelly Harris Director Regulatory Affairs 6659 Top Gun Street San Diego, California 92121

Re: K181436 Trade/Device Name: OSOM Mono Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5640 Regulation Name: Infectious mononucleosis immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KTN Dated: May 31, 2018 Received: June 1, 2018

Dear Shelly Harris:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Tamara V. Feldblyum -S for

Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K181436</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name OSOM Mono Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 ( \mathsf { c } )$ . This is a Special 510(k): Device Modification.

# SPONSOR/APPLICANT INFORMATION AND DATE [807.92(A) (1)]

Manufacturer’s   
Address:   
Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC   
6659 Top Gun Street   
San Diego, CA 92121   
Registration Number: 2030538   
FEI Number: 1000520007

Submission Contact Person: Marian Gerdes

Date Summary prepared: June 21,2018

# DEVICE NAME AND CLASSIFICATION [807.92 (A) (2)]

Trade Name: OSOM Mono Test

Common Name: Infectious Mononucleosis test

Classification Name: Infectious mononucleosis immunological test system (21CFR 866.5640)

An infectious mononucleosis immunological test system is a device that consists of the reagents used to measure by immunochemical techniques heterophile antibodies frequently associated with infectious mononucleosis in serum, plasma, and other body fluids. Measurements of these antibodies aid in the diagnosis of infectious mononucleosis

# IDENTIFICATION OF LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICES [807.92(A)(3)]

Sekisui Diagnostics OSOM Mono Test, K972231

# DESCRIPTION OF DEVICE [807.92 (A)(4)]

The OSOM Mono Test uses color immunochromatographic dipstick technology with bovine erythrocyte extract coated on the membrane. In the test procedure, serum, plasma or whole blood is mixed with the Diluent. Then the Test Stick is placed in the mixture and the mixture migrates along the membrane. If the specific IM heterophile antibody is present in the sample, it will form a complex with the bovine erythrocyte extract conjugated color particles. The complex will then be bound by bovine erythrocyte xtract immobilized on the membrane and a visible blue Test Line will appear to indicate a positive result.

# PHYSIOLOGIC BASIS OF THE TEST:

The diagnosis of infectious mononucleosis (IM) is suggested, on the basis of the clinical symptoms of fever, sore throat and swollen lymph glands. The highest incidence of symptomatic IM occurs during late adolescence (15-24 years of age). Infectious mononucleosis is caused by the Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV). The laboratory diagnosis of IM is based on the detection of IM heterophile antibodies. These heterophile antibodies are directed against antigens found in bovine, sheep and horse erythrocytes. The OSOM Mono Test utilizes an extract of bovine erythrocytes to give the required sensitivity and specificity.

# DEVICE MODIFICATION:

The proposed device modification will replace the current capillary tube, which includes a Mylar wrapped glass tube and a dry natural rubber latex bulb, with the Microsafe capillary pipette. The Microsafe Tube is a one-piece, single-use device designed for the collecting and dispensing of micro samples of whole blood, at the point of care.

# TECHNOLOGICAL SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES TO THE PREDICATE [807.92 (A){G)]

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed:SD OSOM Mono Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:SD OSOM Mono Test, K972231</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OSOM® Mono Test is intended forthe qualitative detection of infectiousmononucleosis heterophile antibodies inserum, plasma or whole blood as an aidin the diagnosis of infectiousmononucleosis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunochromatographic Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral Flow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodies Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bovine erythrocyte extract</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma and whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fingertip wholeblood collectiondevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsafe is a one-piece single useplastic capillary pipette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary Tubes (Mylar wrapped glasstubes) with 1 Capillary Bulb (contains drynatural rubber)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 - 55uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Result Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mono Positive and Negative Controlsprovided in the kitInternal procedural control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labeling - IFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed:Kit Contents and storage:25 Capillary PipettesNote: Extra components (tubes,pipettes, capillary pipettes) have beenprovided foryour convenience.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:Kit Contents and storage:25 Capillary Tubes with 1 Capillary BulbNote: Extra components (tubes, pipettes,capillary tubes, capillary bulb) have beenprovided for your convenience.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed:WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSFor hazards and precautions, refer tothe safety data sheet.•Caution: Federal Law restricts sale ofthis device to or on the order of alicensedpractitioner.For in-vitro diagnostic use only.Follow your laboratory safetyguidelines in the collection, handling,storageand disposal of patient specimens andall items exposed to patient specimens.The Diluent and Controls containsodium azide which may react with leador copper plumbing to form potentiallyexplosive metal azide. For sitespermitted to dispose of material down asink: large quantities of water must beused to flushdiscarded control material down a sink.Do not interchange or mix componentsfrom different kit lots.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSWarningH317: May cause an allergic skin reaction.P280: Wear protective gloves/protectiveclothing/eye protection/faceprotection.For in-vitro diagnostic use only.Follow your laboratory safety guidelinesin the collection, handling, storageand disposal of patient specimens and allitems exposed to patient specimens.The Diluent and Controls contain sodiumazide which may react with lead or copperplumbing to form potentially explosivemetal azide. For sites permitted to disposeof material down a sink: large quantities ofwater must be used to flushdiscarded control material down a sink.The Capillary Bulb contains dry naturalrubber.Do not interchange or mix componentsfrom different kit lots.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed:Specimen Collection andPreparation:Fingertip Whole BloodHold the capillary pipette horizontally,and touch the tip of thepipette to the drop of blood on thepatient's finger until it fills completely.Note: Filling is automatic; never squeezethe pipette bulb while collecting sample.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Collection and Preparation:Fingertip Whole BloodHold the capillary tube horizontally whilecollecting the sample. Holding the capillarytube near the red circle, touch the otherend of the capillary tube to the drop ofblood on the patient's finger. Fill thecapillary tube completely. Place the smallend of the black bulb onto the capillarytube. Place your fingertip over the openingin the bulb. Squeeze the bulb to dispensethe whole blood sample into the test tube.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Picture ofmicropipette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA [807.92 (B)(l)]   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Performed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Replacement ofCapillary Pipette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume CapabilityStudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average volume withinand across lots between50µL and 55µL (-0% -+10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Met acceptancecriteria.The average volumeacross and within lotsof Microsafe pipetteswas between 50uL and55 uL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatibility Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All tests should exhibit anegative result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Met acceptancecriteria. All patientshad negative results.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to dispense</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For Information only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No adverse effects ondispensing at 30, 60and 120 seconds.</td></tr></table>

All non-clinical performance data meets the acceptance criteria. The volume dispensed was consistently within the tolerance limit and there were no compatibility issues, all samples testing was negative as expected supporting the substantial equivalence decision.

# SUMMARY OF CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The scientific principles of the device remain unchanged and the modification to the device do not impact the performance characteristics of the assay;therefore, additional clinical performance evaluation was not deemed necessary per the FMEA results.

# CONCLUSION

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.