Roche Diagnostics Operations (RDO)   
Lindsay Jones   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250

Re: K182095 Trade/Device Name: Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5880 Regulation Name: Transferrin immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DDG Dated: August 1, 2018 Received: August 3, 2018

Dear Lindsay Jones:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K182095

Device Name Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application)

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay is an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of transferrin in human urine on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

A transferrin immunological test system is a device that consists of the reagents used to measure by immunochemical techniques the transferrin (an iron-binding and transporting serum protein) in urine. Measurement of transferrin levels aids in the diagnosis of malnutrition, acute inflammation, infection, and red blood cell disorders, such as iron deficiency anemia.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) 510(k) Summary (K182095)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics Operations (RDO)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadIndianapolis, IN 46250, USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lindsay JonesPhone: (317) 521-3544FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: lindsay.jones.Ij1@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>November 1, 2018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin immunological test system, Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DDG, 21 CFR § 866.5880</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Antisera to Human Transferrin (K053075)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application), the establishmentregistration number for Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Mannheim, Germany is9610126.</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay is a two reagent assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of transferrin in human urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. It is an immunoturbidimetric assay in which human transferrin forms a precipitate with a specific antiserum which is determined turbidimetrically.

Engineering drawings, schematics, and figures are not pertinent to describe the device, as the device is a reagent.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay is an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of transferrin in human urine on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

A transferrin immunological test system is a device that consists of the reagents used to measure by immunochemical techniques the transferrin (an iron-binding and transporting serum protein) in urine. Measurement of transferrin levels aids in the diagnosis of malnutrition, acute inflammation, infection, and red blood cell disorders, such as iron deficiency anemia.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The Roche transferrin assay is based on the immunological agglutination principle. Human transferrin forms a precipitate with a specific antiserum which is determined turbidimetrically. The following table compares the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) with its predicate device, N Antisera to Human Transferrin (K053075). See Table 1 below.

Table 1: Assay Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceN Antisera to Human Transferrin(K053075)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceTina-quant Transferrin ver.2(urine application)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic reagents for thequantitative determination of transferrin andhaptoglobin in human serum, heparinizedand EDTA plasma, as well as transferrin inhuman urine by means ofimmunonephelometry on the BN II and BN ™ProSpec System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of transferrin inhuman urine on Roche/Hitachicobas c systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteins contained in human body fluidsform immune complexes in animmunochemical reaction with specificantibodies. These complexes scatter a beamof light passed through the sample. Theintensity of the scattered light is proportionalto the concentration of the relevant protein inthe sample. The result is evaluated bycomparison with a standard of knownconcentration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human transferrin forms aprecipitate with a specificantiserum which is determinedturbidimetrically.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BN II/BN ProSpec System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas c 501</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N Antisera are liquid animal sera and areproduced by immunization of rabbits withhighly purified human transferrin. Theconcentration of active antibodies is &lt; 4.2g/L to human transferrin.PreservativeSodium azide &lt;1 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1: Phosphate buffer: 55mmol/L, pH 7.2; NaCl: 25mmol/L; polyethylene glycol: 5 %;preservativeR2: Anti-human transferrinantibodies (rabbit): dependent ontiter; NaCl: 100 mmol/L;preservative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type/Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, heparinized and EDTA plasma, urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N Protein Standard SL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S1: H2OS2 - S6: Calibrator forautomated systems (C.f.a.s.)Proteins (K133330)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reference curves can be used for aslong as controls with corresponding method-depending target values, e.g. N/T ProteinControls SL/L, M and H or N/T ProteinControl LC, are reproduced within theirrespective range. If a different lot ofantiserum is used, a new reference curvedmust be generated.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Full calibration:•  after reagent lot changeas required followingquality controlprocedures</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/plasma: N/T Protein Controls SL/L,M, and HUrine: N/T Protein Control LC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 &amp;PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2(K133330)Precinorm Protein &amp; PrecipathProtein (K133330)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Shelf-Life Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability at 2 - 8 °C: See expiry date onlabel.Stability once opened: 4 weeks if stored at 2- 8 ° securely capped immediately aftereach use and contamination (e.g., bymicroorganisms) is precluded. Duringstorage, N Antisera can develop precipitatesor turbidity which are not caused bymicrobial contamination and which do notaffect their activity. In such cases, theantiserum should be filtered prior to use.Disposable filters with a pore size of 0.45 µmare suitable for this purpose. Do not freeze.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life at 2 - 8 °C: Seeexpiration date on cobas c packlabel.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent On-Board Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A minimum of 5 days at 8 hours per day for 5mL vials, and 3 days at 8 hours per day for 2mL vials or a comparable period of time.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board in use and refrigeratedon the analyzer: 8 weeks</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/plasma: 35.0 to 560 mg/dLUrine: 0.22 to 3.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22 to 3.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference interval for urinary transferrin: theconcentration of transferrin in the urine ofhealthy individuals is below the detectionlimit of this method.Nevertheless, each laboratory shoulddetermine its own reference intervals sincevalues may vary depending on the individualpopulation studied.Siemens has not established referenceranges for children.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1.9 mg/L* (0.19 mg/dL)* The concentration of transferrinin urine of healthy individuals isbelow the detection limit of thismethod.Each laboratory shouldinvestigate the transferability ofthe expected values to its ownpatient population and ifnecessary determine its ownreference ranges.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceN Antisera to Human Transferrin(K053075)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceTina-quant Transferrin ver.2(urine application)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Sample Stability</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">Suitable samples are human serum,heparinized or EDTA plasma as fresh aspossible (stored no more than 7 days at 2 -8 °C), or stored frozen and fresh humanurine. Serum and plasma samples can bestored at below - 20 °C for up to 3 months ifthey are frozen within 24 hours aftercollection and if repeated freeze thaw cyclesare avoided. Serum samples must becompletely coagulated and, aftercentrifugation, must not contain any particlesor traces of fibrin. Lipemic samples or frozensamples that are turbid after thawing mustbe clarified by centrifugation (10 minutes atapproximately 15,000 x g) prior to testing.Random and timed urine collections aresuitable specimens for testing transferrin in</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">4 days at 15 - 25 °C7 days at 2 - 8 °CFreezing and thawing is notallowed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">suitable specimens for testing transferrin in</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">urine. Urine samples must not be frozen.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Each urine samples must be centrifugedprior to testing.</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Precision according to CLSI EP05-A3 Detection Limit: LoB, LoD, LoQ according to CLSI EP17-A2 Linearity according to CLSI EP06-A Endogenous Interferences Exogenous Interferences – Drugs Method Comparison to Predicate All performance specifications were met.

# 4.1. Precision

# 4.1.1. Repeatability and Intermediate Precision

Precision experiments were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP05-A3. The testing was run for 21 days, including 1 run per day with 2 parts. Ten dummy samples were included in each part to simulate routine testing in the laboratory. Additionally, 10 dummy samples were included in-between both parts to divide the run into distinct parts. Five human urine sample pools and 2 control samples were tested on one cobas c 501, using 3 lots of reagent. Each sample was tested using 2 aliquots in singlicate per part. Mean, Repeatability (within-run precision) and Intermediate precision (within-lab precision) $\%$ CV and SD values were calculated.

# 4.1.2. Results and Conclusions

Table 2: Repeatability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl ClinChemMulti 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl ClinChemMulti 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Intermediate Precision Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl ClinChemMulti 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl ClinChemMulti 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr></table>

All data passed the predetermined acceptance criteria.

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity

# 4.2.1. Limit of Blank (LoB)

The Limit of Blank (LoB) of the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay on the cobas c 501 was determined according to CLSI EP17-A2. LoB determines the highest measurement result that is likely to be observed for a blank sample with a stated probability. The LoB was determined as the $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile of measurements of blank samples.

One analyte-free sample was measured on 3 lots of reagent in 10-fold determinations per run in 6 runs, distributed over 4 days, on 1 analyzer. In total, 60 measurements were obtained per reagent lot. Data analysis was based on determination of the $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile of the 60 measured values.

LoB Claim: 0.10 mg/dL

# 4.2.2. Limit of Detection (LoD)

The Limit of Detection (LoD) of the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay on the cobas c 501 analyzer was determined according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoD corresponds to the lowest analyte concentration which can be detected (value above the LoB with a probability of $9 5 \%$ ).

Five human urine samples with low-analyte concentration (approximately up to 4 times the specified LoB) were measured with 3 lots of reagent in 2-fold determinations per run in 6 runs, distributed over 4 days, on 1 analyzer. In total, 60 measurements were obtained per reagent lot.

LoD Claim: 0.15 mg/dL

# 4.2.3. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) of the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay on the cobas c 501 was determined according to CLSI EP17-A2. LoQ determines the lowest amount of analyte in a sample that can be quantitatively determined with stated accuracy and experimental conditions. The LoQ was determined as the lowest concentration of analyte which can be quantified with a total error $( \% \mathrm { C V } )$ of no more than $20 \%$ .

A low level sample set was prepared by diluting 5 human urine samples with analyte-free diluent (water). The low level sample set was tested in 5 replicates per sample on 4 days, 1 run per day, on 1 analyzer.

LoQ Claim: $0 . 2 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ with $20 \%$ CV

# 4.2.4. Results and Conclusions

Table 4: LoB, LoD, and LoQ Experimental Determination   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot #1 Result(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot #2 Result(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot #3 Result(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection(LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation(LoQ)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td></tr></table>

All data passed the predetermined acceptance criteria.

# 4.3. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

# 4.3.1. Regression Analysis

The linearity study was conducted to determine whether the measurements across the claimed measuring range for each parameter have a linear relationship. The study was performed according to CLSI EP06-A.

Dilution series were prepared using the human urine sample pools with transferrin concentrations above the upper end of the measuring range. Dilutions were made using water. The dilution series contained 13 concentrations. Sample dilution levels were measured on 3 lots in triplicate on the cobas c 501 analyzer.

Linear regression analysis was done according to EP06-A.

In the first step, a linearity check was performed with $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ order (linear) regression and then with higher order models (quadratic and cubic). A linearity check was performed with a $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ order (linear) regression for reagent lots 1 and 2. A linearity check was performed with a $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ order

(cubic) regression for reagent lot 3. The linear regression was not forced through the origin. The linear regression was not weighted.

# 4.3.2. Results and Conclusions

Table 5: Linearity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression Equation(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson CorrelationCoefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range Claim(mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.007x - 0.0189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22 to 3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.008x - 0.0225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22 to 3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.009x - 0.0236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22 to 3.5</td></tr></table>

All data passed the predetermined acceptance criteria.

# 4.4. Endogenous Interference Studies

The purpose of this study was to evaluate endogenous substances for potential interference with the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay measured on the cobas c 501 analyzer.

The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of potential endogenous interfering substances using Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) was determined on the cobas c 501 analyzer at 2 transferrin concentrations and a dilution set of the added interfering substances. Potential interfering substances evaluated include: albumin, calcium, citrate, creatinine, glucose, hemoglobin, IgG, magnesium, oxalate, phosphate, urea, uric acid and urobilinogen.

High concentrated stock solutions of the potential interfering substances were prepared in a suitable solvent. Two human urine pools were spiked with defined transferrin concentrations and divided into 2 aliquots. The potential interfering substance was added to 1 aliquot, while the other aliquot was mixed with the same amount of solvent without the potential interfering substance. A dilution series was prepared with 11 dilution steps for each potential interferent by diluting the spiked pool with the dilution pool. Three aliquots per level were tested in 1 run on 1 instrument and 1 lot.

The aliquot containing the potential interfering substance had the same transferrin concentration as the aliquot containing no interfering substance. When diluting those 2 aliquots, the transferrin concentration remained constant while the concentration of the potential interferent varied. Thus the effect of increasing concentrations of potential interferent can be determined.

The medians of the measured results were compared to the expected results (aliquot with no potential interfering substance) and the recovery was determined (paired difference testing).

This procedure was repeated for each of the potential interfering substances.

# 4.4.1. Results and Conclusions

Table 6: Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances and Test Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 5 g/LLevel 2: 5 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 5000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 9.92 mmol/LLevel 2: 9.80 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 8 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 11 mmol/LLevel 2: 11 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 10 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 88 mmol/LLevel 2: 88 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 44 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 388 mmol/LLevel 2: 388 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 111 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 146 mg/dLLevel 2: 149 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference up to ahemoglobin concentration of 100mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoglobulin (IgG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 1.1 g/LLevel 2: 1.1 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 500 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 75 mmol/LLevel 2: 75 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 75 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 3.75 mmol/LLevel 2: 3.75 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 2.2 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phosphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 130 mmol/LLevel 2: 130 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 40 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 1500 mmol/LLevel 2: 1800 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 1000 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 6 mmol/LLevel 2: 6 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 6 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urobilinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 15 mg/dLLevel 2: 15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference ≤ 15 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

All data passed the predetermined acceptance criteria.

# 4.5. Exogenous Interferences – Drugs

The purpose of this study was to evaluate drugs for potential interference to the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay measured on the cobas c 501 analyzer.

Two human urine sample pools spiked with approximately 0.433 and $2 . 4 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ transferrin concentrations were divided into 2 aliquots. One aliquot of each concentration was used as the reference sample for transferrin concentration and was not spiked with the drugs, but only the solvent for the drug.

The other aliquots, with either the high or low transferrin concentration, were spiked with the respective amount of drug. Each aliquot containing a defined transferrin concentration and spiked with drug was measured in triplicate in 1 run on 1 analyzer and 1 lot. The defined drug compounds were spiked into samples with concentrations according to EP07-A2 or higher.

# 4.5.1. Results and Conclusions

# Table 7: Potentially Interfering Drugs and Test Concentration Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Drug Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference up to:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ofloxacine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference Claim</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenazopyridine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicyluric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mg/L</td></tr></table>

All data passed the predetermined acceptance criterion except for ofloxacine.

Claim: Drugs: No interference was found at the therapeutic concentrations using common drug panels. Exceptions: Ofloxacine causes artificially high transferrin results.

# 4.6. Method Comparison to Predicate

A method comparison of the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay on the cobas c 501 versus the predicate device, N Antisera to Human Transferrin (Siemens) on the BN ProSpec analyzer was conducted.

One hundred and seven routine fresh, never-frozen human urine samples were used in the method comparison testing. One of the 109 urine samples collected was removed due to a $\mathrm { p H } > 8$ and one was removed due to a measured value outside of the defined measuring range. No patient information was obtained. No samples were spiked or diluted.

The samples were tested in singlicate using the N Antisera to Human Transferrin assay (K053075) from Siemens on the BN ProSpec System and the Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) assay on the cobas c 501 analyzer.

The data was evaluated using Passing Bablok Regression analysis.

# 4.6.1. Results and Conclusions

Regression analysis results $\mathrm { ( m g / d L ) }$ :

$$
\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 7 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 0 0 5 2 , \mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 5
$$

Predetermined acceptance criteria for Method Comparison to the Predicate were met.

5. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION Not applicable.

# 6. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

# 6.1. Other Devices Required But Not Provided:

The Tina-quant Transferrin ver.2 (urine application) continues to use:

Calibrator f. a. s. Proteins (K133330) PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1 (K133330)

PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2 (K133330)   
Precinorm Protein (K133330)   
Precipath Protein (K133330)   
Diluent NaCl $9 \%$ (21 CFR $\ S$ 864.4010, Class I 510(k) exempt)

# 7. CONCLUSIONS

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.