Hycor Biomedical   
Tara Viviani   
Director of Regulatory Affairs   
7272 Chapman Avenue   
Garden Grove, California 92841

Re: K182479 Trade/Device Name: NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay, Capture Reagent House Dust Mite D001, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5750 Regulation Name: Radioallergosorbent (RAST) immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DHB, JJE Dated: September 7, 2018 Received: September 10, 2018

Dear Tara Viviani:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K182479

Device Name   
NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer   
NOVEOS™ Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay, Capture Reagent House Dust Mite D001, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus

Indications for Use (Describe)

NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer The NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer is an automated chemiluminescent immunoassay analyzer for measurement of analyte concentration in human specimens. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the clinical laboratory.

NOVEOS™ Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay   
The NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum. NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay is to be used with the NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer. It is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is prepared in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date of Preparation: Manufacturer:

Contact Person:

26-November-2018   
Hycor Biomedical   
7272 Chapman Avenue   
Garden Grove, CA 92841   
Tara Viviani, RAC   
Director of Regulatory Affairs   
7272 Chapman Ave   
Garden Grove, CA 92841   
(714) 933-3027   
42TUtviviani@hycorbiomedical.comU42T

# Device Name:

NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer   
NOVEOS™ Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay   
Capture Reagent House Dust Mite – D001, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus

# Classification

NOVEOS™ Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay

21 CFR § 866.5750

NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer

Product Code(s) JJE

21 CFR $\ S$ 862.2160

Substantial Equivalence to: K051218

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Assay and ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Conjugate 100 and   
Conjugate 400   
ImmunoCAP Allergen d1, House dust mite

# Indications for Use

NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer

The NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer is an automated chemiluminescent immunoassay analyzer for measurement of analyte concentration in human specimens. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the clinical laboratory.

NOVEOS™ sIgE Assay

The NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum. NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay is to be used with the NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer. It is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# General Description

# Reagents

The IgE Common Kit includes: Diluent A, Conjugate IgE, Substrate A, Substrate B, Fluo Beads™. Other required and recommended reagents include the allergen specific Capture Reagent, IgE Calibrator Set (6 levels - Cal $0 . 0 7 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , Cal 0.35 kU/L, Cal 0.70 kU/L, Cal $3 . 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , Cal $1 7 . 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , Cal $1 0 0 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ ), Calibrator Antibody IgE, Probe Wash Pack, Wash Buffer Concentrate Pack, Cuvette Wash Pack, Sample Wash Pack, IgE Negative Control Pack, IgE Positive Control Pack.

The liquid ready-to-use reagents demonstrate on-board stability of up to 48 hours for calibrators and controls and from 5 to 28 days for common assay components.

# Instrument

The NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer is a high-throughput, highly automated immunoassay platform that employs magnetic microbeads as the solid phase. The immunoassay reaction takes place in individual reaction chambers in the reaction rotor, with other rotors containing patient samples and reagents. Liquids are moved by robotic pipettors. The reaction is quantitated by a combination of chemiluminescence and fluorescence measurements compared to a calibration curve, all performed by the analyzer with the NOVEOS software.

# Assay Principle

The NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay is an immunometric, chemiluminescent procedure for the quantitative determination of IgE of known specificity in human serum samples. It employs fluorescent labelled magnetic, streptavidin coated microparticles which are incubated with a biotinylated allergenic capture reagent, patient sample and monoclonal anti-human IgE antibody: horseradish peroxidase conjugate. After a final wash, the resulting complex is incubated with the enzyme substrate and a chemiluminescent signal is generated, the magnitude of which is proportional to the concentration of IgE in the patient sample.

The concentration of allergen-specific IgE is determined from a standard curve, which is traceable to the World Health Organization (WHO) reference reagent serum Immunoglobulin E (IgE) 11/234.

# Device Comparison

NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay on the NOVEOS™ Immunoassay Analyzer is comparable to ImmunoCAP Specific IgE on the ImmunoCAP 100. Both are automated immunoassay systems that process all assay steps and automatically generate results.

# Data

Repeatability and within-lab precision were determined in accordance with CLSI guideline EP5-A3, Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition. Samples were assayed in duplicate replicates in 2 runs per day for 20 days, 80 replicates total.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean (kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD kU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD kU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3%</td></tr></table>

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were estimated in accordance CLSI guideline EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition. A panel of analyte-free and low IgE samples were assayed on multiple reagent lots and instruments across three days. A total of 60 replicates of analyte-free and 300 replicates of low IgE sample were evaluated from which LoB and LoD were determined to be $0 . 0 3 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , and $0 . 0 8 \mathsf { k U / L }$ , respectively. The LoQ is defined as the lowest analyte concentration with a within-lab precision of $2 0 \% \mathrm { C V }$ . A panel of low analyte samples were assayed across 20 days, in duplicate replicates in 2 runs per day for 20 days, 80 replicates total. The LoQ was determined to be $0 . 1 7 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

Linearity was evaluated in accordance with CLSI guideline I/LA20, Analytical Performance Characteristics, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Utility of Immunological Assays for Human Immunoglobulin E Antibodies of Defined Allergen Specificities. Dilutions of D001 specific IgE samples with analyte concentrations from 0.03 to 133 $k \cup / \mathrm { L }$ , fully encompassing the measuring interval of 0.10 to $1 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { k U } } / { \mathsf { L } }$ were used to calculate the linear regression statistics below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegressionEquation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedMeasuringRange(kU/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.01x + 0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 to 1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.82 to 1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 to 133.27</td></tr></table>

Comparison studies were performed to establish the substantial equivalence of results using the NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay compared to the corresponding instrumentation and reagents for the Phadia ImmunoCAP system.

The following table shows percent agreements between the NOVEOS sIgE and the ImmunoCAP results based on an assessment of 234 clinical samples using a cut-off value of $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ :

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ImmunoCAP Specific IgE, d1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NOVEOSslgE, D001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td></tr></table>

Positive percent agreement (PPA): $91 . 5 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 4 . 1 \%$ to $9 5 . 6 \%$ ) Negative percent agreement (NPA): $9 8 . 6 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 4 . 4 \%$ to $9 9 . 6 \%$ ) Total percent agreement: $9 5 . 7 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 2 . 3 \%$ to $9 7 . 7 \%$ )

# Clinical Performance

A clinical study was performed to support the diagnostic performance of the NOVEOS sIgE Assay for House Dust Mite D001. The clinical study comparing NOVEOS sIgE results to the allergic status of $\mathtt { n } = 2 3 6$ samples from patients was carried out in accordance with CLSI guideline I/LA21-A2: Clinical Evaluation of Immunoassays; Approved Guideline-Second Edition. The status of 117 samples identified as allergic positive (atopic) was confirmed by skin-prick testing and the other 119 samples from apparently healthy, non-atopic subjects with no reported allergy. Results of the NOVEOS sIgE Assay are expressed as positive or negative based on a cut-off value of $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE,D001 Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atopic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-atopic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td></tr></table>

Clinical Sensitivity: $7 7 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $69 \%$ to $84 \%$ ) Clinical Specificity: $100 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $9 7 \%$ to $100 \%$ )