May 2, 2019

Sebia   
Karen Anderson   
Director of Regulatory and Technical   
1705 Corporate Drive, Suite 400   
Norcross, Georgia 30093

Re: K190851 Trade/Device Name: HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5510 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, and E immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CFF Dated: March 5, 2019 Received: April 2, 2019

Dear Karen Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Doug Jeffery   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab

Indications   
HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kits are to be used in conjunction with the HYDRAGEL IF kits and the semi‐automated HYDRASYS 2 electrophoresis apparatus. HYDRASHIFT $2 / 4$ daratumumab with the HYDRAGEL IF kit are intended for the qualitative detection of monoclonal proteins in human serum by immunofixation electrophoresis. The proteins, separated by electrophoresis on alkaline buffered agarose gels, are incubated with individual antisera that are specific against gamma $\left( \operatorname { I g } \mathbf { G } \right)$ , alpha $( \mathrm { I g } \mathrm { A } )$ and mu $( \mathrm { I g } \mathrm { M } )$ heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively. After removing the non‐reacted proteins, the immunoprecipitates are stained with acid violet. The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually for the presence of specific reactions with the suspect monoclonal proteins. The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kits remove the daratumumab $\mathrm { I g } \mathrm { G }$ , Kappa interference and enable the visual evaluation of the presence or absence of monoclonal proteins on the HYDRAGEL IF kits in patients who have received daratumumab therapy.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K SUMMARY (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sebia, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Address</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400Norcross, Georgia 30093, USA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Karen Anderson, Dir of Technical and RegulatoryPhone: 1-800-835-6497Fax: 770-446-8511Email: karen.anderson@sebia-usa.comMatthew C. Wagner, Ph.DScientific Affairs SpecialistPhone: 1-800-835-6497Email: matthew.wagner@sebia-usa.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">March 5, 2019</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SebiaParc Technologique Léonard de VinciRue Léonard de Vinci,CP 8010 LISSES, 91008 EVRY CedexFRANCEPhone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrashift daratumumab Serum Immunofixation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Regulation No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21CFR sec. 866.5510</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device classification and PanelClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II , Immunology (82)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Establishment Registration No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8023024</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The candidate device is a modification of thepredicate device. The device name , HYDRASHIFT2/4 daratumumab, is unchanged from how it wascleared in 510(k) K172195</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

HYDRASYS 2 is a semi-automated multi-parameter system for start-to finish agarose gel electrophoresis: application of samples, migration, incubation, drying, staining, destaining and final-stage drying.

Abnormal bands in serum protein electrophoregrams, primarily those in the beta globulin and gamma globulin zones, are always suspected to be monoclonal proteins (M-proteins, paraproteins, monoclonal immunoglobulins) and therefore, an indication of performing an Immunofixation technique to type and confirm the monoclonal gammopathies.

Daratumumab is a human therapeutic Ig G Kappa monoclonal antibody and as such, during the clinical monitoring of patients treated with daratumumab, this antibody simulates a band detected by serum protein electrophoresis and immunofixation in the gamma region. It can simulate an endogenous Ig G Kappa paraprotein.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab test is intended for the qualitative detection of monoclonal proteins in human serum by immunofixation electrophoresis. The kits are to be used in conjunction with the HYDRAGEL IF kits and the semi-automated HYDRASYS 2 electrophoresis apparatus. The proteins, separated by electrophoresis on alkaline buffered agarose gels, are incubated with individual antisera that are specific against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A) and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively. After removing the non‐reacted proteins, the immunoprecipitates are stained with acid violet. The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually for the presence of specific reactions with the suspect monoclonal proteins. The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kits remove the daratumumab Ig G, Kappa interference and enable the visual evaluation of the presence or absence of monoclonal proteins on the HYDRAGEL IF kits in patients who have received daratumumab therapy.

Note: The intended use of the modified device, as described in its labeling, has not changed as the result of the modification.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The candidate device, HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab, has been modified from the predicate device with the addition to the package insert labeling as follows:

Additional to the Anti – daratumumab reagent provided in the kit, The anti-daratumumab antiserum is ready to use. It contains anti-daratumumab total immunoglobulins from Chinese hamster ovary cells (CHO). For easy identification of the antiserum and as an aid in monitoring its application, the antiserum is colored with distinct nonhazardous dye that matches the color of the vial label.

The following tables compare the HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab with its predicate device, HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab (K172195)

Table 1: Assay Comparison   
510(k) Summary 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumabPredicate Device (K172195)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRASHIFT    2/4daratumumabCandidate/ModifiedDevice</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=19 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=7>The HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab test isintended for the qualitative detection ofmonoclonal proteins in human serum byimmunofixation electrophoresis. The kits areto be used in conjunction with theHYDRAGEL IF kits and the semi-automatedHYDRASYS 2 electrophoresis apparatus.The proteins, separated by electrophoresison alkaline buffered agarose gels, areincubated with individual antisera that arespecific against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A)and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (free</td><td rowspan=19 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gets, are</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>G), alpha (lg A)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=7>and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (freeand bound) and lambda (free and bound)light chains, respectively. After removing the</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>d kappa (free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=7>non-reacted          proteins,          theimmunoprecipitates are stained with acidviolet. The electrophoregrams are evaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>stainedwith acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>s are evaluated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>visually for the presence of specific reactions</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>with the suspect monoclonal proteins. The</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab kits remove</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>the daratumumab Ig G, Kappa interferenceand enable the visual evaluation of the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>presence or absence of monoclonal proteins</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>on the HYDRAGEL IF kits in patients who</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>have received daratumumab therapy. For In</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Vitro Diagnostic Prescription Use Only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Sebia HYDRASYS 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Assay Comparison, Labelled Performance Characteristics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunofixation (Ftest kits usedin conjuction withthe HYDRASHIFT2/4 daratumumab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid violetStandard mask,HYDRAGEL 4 IF Acid violetDynamic mask.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ScientificTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agarose Gel Electrophoresis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity/ Lowest detectabledaratumumab limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The detection limit of daratumumaband / or daratumumab / anti-daratumumab antibodycomplexvisualized is 0.3 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efficiency ( Maximum removal ofcomplex)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daratumumab    band   whentreated   with   HYDRASHIFTdaratumumab kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Removed from gamma zone intoalpha zone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability of the anti-daratumumabreagentStability 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>daratumumab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>daratumumab control (K172195)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumabPredicate Device (K172195)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumabCandidate/Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Package InsertLabeling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The     anti-daratumumabantiserum is ready to use.It contains murineanti-daratumumab         totalimmunoglobulins.For easy identification of theantiserum and as an aid inmonitoring its application, theantiserum is colored with distinctnonhazardous dye that matchesthe color of the vial label.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The anti-daratumumab antiserum isready to use. It contains anti-daratumumab total immunoglobulinsfrom Chinese hamster ovary cells. Foreasy identification of the antiserum andas an aid in monitoring its application, theantiserum is colored with distinctnonhazardous dye that matches the colorof the vial label</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Kit and Components   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab (K172195)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HYDRASHIFT 2/4 daratumumab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Items</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4639(20 TESTS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4640 (40TESTS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4639(20TESTS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4640 (40TESTS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-daratumumabmouseantiserum (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 0.4mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 0.85mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-daratumumabChinesehamsterovary cellsantiserum (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 0.4mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 0.85 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample diluent(ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 2.2mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 2.2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplediluent (readyto use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Greenapplicators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 pack of 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 pack of 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Greenapplicators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. Performance Data:

To address the modifications the following studies were conducted to validated the performance of the modified anti-daratumumab (CHO).

# 4.1 Concordance

Human serum samples of (9 negative samples without monoclonals), (21 daratumumab treated patient samples), (21 daratumumab spiked samples) were compared between the predicate ( anti-daratumumab murine) and modified device ( anti-daratumumab chinesse hamster ovary cells).

The samples demonstrated $100 \%$ concordance.

# 4.2 Sensitivity and Efficiency

Three serum samples (2 normal serum samples and 1 serum with a IgG Kappa monoclonal) were used in the study. Samples were mixed by adding different concentrations of daratumumab over a concentration range of 0.1 to $3 . 0 { \mathfrak { g } } / \mathsf { L }$ .

The detection limit (sensitivity) of the daratumumab complex at the alpha-1 zone of the G kappa tracks was visualized at $0 . 3 { \mathfrak { g } } / \mathsf { L }$ the same as the predicate device.

The efficiency of the shift of the daratumumab complex to the alpha-1 zone is $3 . 0 { \mathfrak { g } } / \mathsf { L }$ the same as the predicate.

# 4.3 Stability of the anti-daratumumab

The stability of the anti-daratumumab (CHO) was tested at ${ 2 } { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ in real time and accelerated studies using two lots of anti-daratumumab. Some studies are still on going. The shelf life is 2 years at ${ 2 } { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ the same as the predicate.

# 5. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision. The differences between the predicate and candidate device do not impact the indications for use or technical performance of the assay.