May 3, 2019

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Christine Perkins   
Regulatory Specialist   
Emil-von-Behring Str-76   
35041 Marburg, Germany

Re: K190879 Trade/Device Name: N Latex FLC kappa, N Latex FLC lambda Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5550 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulin (light chain specific) immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DFH, DEH Dated: April 3, 2019 Received: April 4, 2019

Dear Christine Perkins:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Doug Jeffery   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K190879

Device Name N Latex FLC kappa N Latex FLC lambda

Indications for Use (Describe)

In-vitro diagnostic reagents for the quantitative determination of free light chains (FLC), type kappa or type lambda in human serum and EDTA-plasma. FLC measurements are used as an aid in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma (MM) and as an aid in the diagnosis of amyloidosis (AL) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

The response category assignment of ‘Complete Response’ for the monitoring of MM, is reliant upon the combination of clinical history and other tests including protein electrophoresis, immunofixation and bone marrow, imaging and urine assessments.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary per 21 CFR 807.92 Type of 510(k): Special 510(k)

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K190879

# 1. Submitter

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Emil-von-Behring-Str. 76   
35041 Marburg, Germany   
Contact Person :   
Email :   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Date of Preparation:   
Christine Perkins   
christine.perkins@siemens-healthineers.com   
302-631-8811   
302-631-6299   
April 03, 2019

# 2. Device Information

Proprietary Name:

N Latex FLC kappa assay N Latex FLC lambda assay

Common or Usual Name:

Light Chain immunological test system

Product Code :

DFH (kappa) DEH (lambda)

Classification Name:

Immunoglobulin (light chain specific) immunological test system per 21CFR 866.5550

Regulatory Class:

II

510(k) Review Panel:

Clinical Immunology (82)

# 3. Legally Marketed Unmodified / Predicate Devices

Cleared for use on Siemens’ BN Systems under K171742 on November 17, 2017 as an aid in the diagnosis of multiple myeloma (MM) and amyloidosis; cleared under K182098 on November 1, 2018 for monitoring of MM:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common/UsualName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDAclearance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N LatexFLC kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoglobulin(light chain specific)immunological testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II per21CFR866.5550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DFH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology(82)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K171742K182098</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N LatexFLC lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoglobulin(light chain specific)immunological testsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II per21CFR866.5550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology(82)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K171742K182098</td></tr></table>

# 4. Device Description / Test Principle of the Modified Device

The N Latex FLC (free light chain) assays are in vitro diagnostic reagents for the quantitative determination of free light chains, type kappa or type lambda, in human serum and EDTA plasma by means of particle-enhanced immunoassay determination. Used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, FLC measurements are used as an aid in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma (MM) and as an aid in the diagnosis of amyloidosis (AL).

Polystyrene particles coated with antibodies to human free light chains, type kappa or lambda, respectively, are agglutinated when mixed with samples containing FLC. A concentration curve is obtained by monitoring agglutination and measuring the increase in turbidity. The actual change in absorbance is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

# 5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

N Latex FLC kappa and N Latex FLC lambda assays

In-vitro diagnostic reagents for the quantitative determination of free light chains (FLC), type kappa or type lambda in human serum and EDTA-plasma. FLC measurements are used as an aid in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma (MM) and as an aid in the diagnosis of amyloidosis (AL) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

The response category assignment of ‘Complete Response’ for the monitoring of MM, is reliant upon the combination of clinical history and other tests including protein electrophoresis, immunofixation and bone marrow, imaging and urine assessments.

# N FLC Supplementary Reagent

Supplementary reagent for the immunonephelometric determination of free light chains (FLC), type kappa and type lambda on BN Systems.

Supplementary reagent for the turbidimetric determination of free light chains (FLC), type kappa and type lambda on the Atellica® CH Analyzer.

A mixture of both supplementary reagents is used to suppress interference by rheumatoid factors and human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA).

# 6. Special Conditions for Use Statements

For prescription use only.

The result of the FLC kappa or FLC lambda in a given specimen determined with assays and/or instrument platforms from different manufacturers can vary due to differences in assay methods and reagent specificity. The results reported by the laboratory to the physician must include the identity of the FLC kappa or FLC lambda assay used. Values obtained with different assay methods cannot be used interchangeably.

If, in the course of serially monitoring a patient, the assay method used for determining the FLC kappa and FLC lambda levels is changed, additional sequential testing should be carried out. Prior to changing assays, the laboratory MUST confirm baseline values for patients being serially monitored.

# 7. Special instrument requirements:

Atellica® CH Analyzer (K151767) BN II System (K943997) BN ProSpec® (K001647)

# 8. Technological characteristics

Similarities and Differences to the predicate:

A comparison of the similarities and differences between the proposed Atellica® CH N Latex FLC assays versus the BN Systems’ N Latex FLC assays (predicates):

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateSiemens HealthcareBN SystemsN Latex FLC kappaN Latex FLC lambda(K171742, K182098)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Siemens HealthcareAtellica® CH AnalyzerModified DevicesN Latex FLC kappaN Latex FLC lambda</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-vitro diagnostic reagents for thequantitative determination of free lightchains (FLC), type kappa or type lambdain human serum and EDTA-plasma bymeans of particle-enhancedimmunonephelometry using the BNSystems. FLC measurements are usedas an aid in the diagnosis andmonitoring of multiple myeloma (MM)and as an aid in the diagnosis ofamyloidosis (AL) in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.The response category assignment of'Complete Response' for the monitoringof MM, is reliant upon the combination ofclinical history and other tests includingprotein electrophoresis, immunofixationand bone marrow, imaging and urineassessments.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-vitro diagnostic reagents for thequantitative determination of freelight chains (FLC), type kappa ortype lambda in human serum andEDTA-plasma. FLC measurementsare used as an aid in the diagnosisand monitoring of multiple myeloma(MM) and as an aid in the diagnosisof amyloidosis (AL) in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinicalfindings.Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and EDTA plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentPackaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 1 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentHandling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bottles placed directly on system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents poured into reagentcontainers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nephelometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turbidimetry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionAntibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal mouse anti-human FLCkappaMonoclonal mouse anti-antibody FLClambda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentComposition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene particles coated withmonoclonal antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Reference Plasma Pool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalMeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Typical range:kappa: 3.4 to 110 mg/Llambda: 1.9 to 60 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">kappa: 3.91 to 60 mg/Llambda: 5.47 to 70 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">kappa: 8.24 to 28.90 mg/Llambda: 9.10 to 32.60 mg/LRatio: 0.53 to 1.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

The modification of the predicate devices is to add the Atellica® CH Analyzer to the N Latex FLC kappa and lambda assays.

# 7. Summary of Design Control Activities

A risk analysis was performed with risks identified. Mitigation of risk to acceptable levels was achieved through verification activities summarized below.

# 7.1 Risk Analysis

Risk analysis was performed according to the ISO14971:2007 standard, Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices. The change to the N Latex FLC kappa and N Latex FLC lambda assays, previously cleared for use on the BN Systems, is to adapt them for use on the Atellica® CH Analyzer. The reagents used for both systems are identical in composition, packaging and labeling.

Each difference was analyzed, and its effect identified. Severity and probability were estimated by risk class. Risks were mitigated to the degree acceptable.

# 7.2. Verification Activities

Based on the results of the risk analysis, verification activities were identified, pertinent studies were determined and acceptance criteria established.

The test methods and acceptance criteria used for N Latex FLC kappa and lambda on the Atellica® CH Analyzer are equivalent to those used for the predicate device.

# 8. Comments on Substantial Equivalency

The reagents for the proposed devices and the cleared devices are identical in composition, labeling and packaging. Comparative testing was performed, and the results obtained demonstrate substantial equivalent performance.

The use of these reagents on another instrument platform with a different measuring technology, i.e., nephelometry versus turbidimetry, does not affect safety and efficacy when used according to the product labeling.

# 9. Conclusion

The modified devices, N Latex FLC kappa and lambda on the Atellica® CH Analyzer, are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices based on intended use design, and basic scientific principle and performance.

Results from the risk analysis and design control activities with comparative testing support a substantial equivalence decision.