March 6, 2020

Horiba ABX SAS   
Caroline Ferrer   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Parc Euromedecine, Rue Du Caducee BP 7290   
Montpellier Cedex 4, 341184   
France

Re: K191562 Trade/Device Name: Yumizen C1200 Ferritin, Yumizen C1200 Transferrin, Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5340 Regulation Name: Ferritin immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DBF, DDG, DHR Dated: June 11, 2019 Received: June 13, 2019

Dear Caroline Ferrer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Carolina Kagan, M.Sc.   
Acting Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k191562</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name Yumizen C1200 Ferritin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Yumizen C1200 Transferrin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor</td></tr></table>

Yumizen C1200 Ferritin reagent is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of Ferritin in human serum by latex-enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. Measurements of ferritin aid in the diagnosis of diseases affecting iron metabolism, hemochromatosis (iron overload) and iron deficiency anemia.

Yumizen C1200 Transferrin reagent is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of transferrin in human serum and lithium heparin plasma by turbidimetry.   
Measurement of transferrin levels aids in the diagnosis of malnutrition, acute inflammation, infection, and iron deficiency anemia.

Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor reagent is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of rheumatoid factor in human serum by latex-enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. Measurement of rheumatoid factor may aid in the diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# SECTION 007 : 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 2- Company

HORIBA ABX SAS HORIBA MEDICAL Parc Euromédecine Rue du Caducée – BP 7290 34184 Montpellier cedex 4 France

3- Contact person Contact Person: Caroline Ferrer (caroline.ferrer@horiba.com) Telephone: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1843 Fax: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1517

4- Product Name Yumizen C1200 Ferritin (1300023880) Yumizen C1200 Transferrin (1300023889) Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor (1300023888)

# 5- Device Name and Classification

Intended use

The devices involved by the 510(k) submission file are the following:

# • Classification and Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device&#x27;s names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Ferritin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Ferritin reagent is intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of Ferritin in human serum by latex-enhancedimmunoturbidimetric assay. Measurements of ferritin aid in the diagnosisof diseases affecting iron metabolism, hemochromatosis (iron overload)and iron deficiency anemia.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Transferrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Transferrin reagent is intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of Transferrin in human serum and lithiumheparin plasma by turbidimetry.Measurement of transferrin levels aids in the diagnosis of malnutrition,acute inflammation, infection, and iron deficiency anemia.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor reagent is intended for the quantitativein vitro diagnostic determination of rheumatoid factor in human serum bylatex-enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay.Measurement of rheumatoid factor may aid in the diagnosis of rheumatoidarthritis.</td></tr></table>

Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Device Class:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Panel:   
Yumizen C1200 Ferritin   
Class II / 510(k) required   
$\ S 8 6 6 . 5 3 4 0$ : Ferritin immunological test system   
DBF   
Immunology (82)   
Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Device Class:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Panel:   
Yumizen C1200 Transferrin   
Class II / 510(k) required   
$\ S 8 6 6 . 5 8 8 0$ : Transferrin immunological test system   
DDG   
Immunology (82)   
Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Device Class:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Panel:   
Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor   
Class II / 510(k) required   
$\ S 8 6 6 . 5 7 7 5$ : Rheumatoid factor immunological test system   
DHR   
Immunology (82)

• This submission allows to evaluate the functionality of the Yumizen C1200 analyzer for immunology analytes (ie.immunoturbidimetry).

# 6- Substantial Equivalence Information

The following tables show the similarities and differences and demonstrates substantial equivalence between the candidate device and its predicate device identified below.

# a. Predicate Device Name and 510(k) number

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate5510(k)number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Ferritin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin ( OSR61203)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BECKMAN COULTER</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K092505</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Transferrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin Model :TRSF2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K012393</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus RF Latex reagent(OSR61105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus America, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K060201</td></tr></table>

The following tables show the similarities and differences and demonstrates substantial equivalence between the candidate device and its predicate device identified below.

# b. Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

# i. Comparison with predicate Device : Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K092505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin (OSR61203)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Ferritin (1300023880)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Ferritin Reagent is for thedetermination of ferritin concentrations inhuman serum and plasma on the BeckmanCoulter AU clinical chemistry analyzers.Serum ferritin is an indicator of body ironstores: it has been shown to correlate withstainable bone marrow iron. Measurementsof ferritin aid in the diagnosis of diseasesaffecting iron metabolism, such ashemochromatosis (iron overload) and irondeficiency anemia.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Ferritin reagent isintended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of Ferritin inhuman serum by latex-enhancedimmunoturbidimetric assay.Measurements of ferritin aid in thediagnosis of diseases affecting ironmetabolism, hemochromatosis (ironoverload) and iron deficiency anemia.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex-enhanced immuno-turbidimetricmethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DBF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerator compartment is stablefor 60 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerator compartment is stablefor 2 months (or 60 days).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The frequency of calibration for theFerritin procedure is every30 days.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The reagent is calibrated on Day 0. Thecalibration stability is checked by testing2 control specimens.The calibration stability is1 month(or 30 days)</td></tr></table>

# ii. Comparison with predicate Device: Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K092505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin (OSR61203)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Ferritin (1300023880)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter AU400 ClinicalChemistry Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufactured by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BECKMAN COULTER</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum,Li-heparin plasmaand EDTA plasma samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette of :R1= 4 x 24 mLR2= 4 x 12 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette of :R1:6x 11 mLR2: 6 x 7 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened, up to the stated expiry datewhen stored at 2-8°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable up to the expiration date if storedat 2-10°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range8.0 - 450.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range10 -450 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Women: 10 - 158 ng/mLMen: 16  243 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adults :Women: 10 - 120 ng/mL (μg/L)Men: 20 - 250 ng/mL (μg/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Discussion on the analysis differences :1. Instrument: Yumizen C1200 Ferritin is used on Yumizen C12002.Packaging: Packaging is different; depends on cassette capacity.3. Reagent stability/ Shelf-life:storage temperature is different.4.Analytical range: the measuring range for Yumizen C1200 Ferritin is slightly higher on the lowerend5.Reference range: Yumizen C1200 Ferritin has tighter reference range on the upper end for Womenand slightly larger reference range on the upper end for Men.6.Sample type: Yumizen C1200 Ferritin uses serum.</td></tr></table>

# c. Yumizen C1200 Transferrin (1300023889)

# i. Comparison with predicate Device : Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k012393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin Model :TRSF2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Transferrin(1300023889)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of transferrin in humanserum and plasma in Roche/Hitachi cobasc systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Transferrin reagent isintended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of Transferrinin human and lithium heparin plasma byturbidimetry.Measurement of transferrin levels aids inthe diagnosis of malnutrition, acuteinflammation, infection, and irondeficiency anemia.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serumplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serumplasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbidimetry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DDG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C,See expiration date on label</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable up to the expiry date on the labelif stored at 2-8°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range0.1-5.2 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range0.10-5.20 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200-360 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200-360 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# ii. Comparison with predicate Device: Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k012393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin Model :TRSF2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Transferrin(1300023889)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche analyzer (Cobas C701)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufactured by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ROCHE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerated compartment is stablefor 6 weeks.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Discussion on the analysis differences :1. Instrument &amp; Manufacturer: Yumizen C1200 Transferrin is used on Yumizen C1200.Yumizen C1200 Transferrin is manufactured by HORIBA ABX SAS.2. Reagent stability: the on board stability of Yumizen C1200 Transferrin is longer.Stability depends on the reagent composition and cassette capacity.</td></tr></table>

# d. Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

# i. Comparison with predicate Device : Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K060201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor reagent model :OSR61105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor(1300023888)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus RF Latex System reagent for thequantitative determination of RheumatoidFactor (RF) in human serum and plasmaon Olympus AU analyzers.Measurement of rheumatoid factor mayaid in the diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factorreagent is intended for the quantitative invitro  diagnostic determinationofrheumatoid factor in human serum bylatex-enhanced    immunoturbidimetricassay.Measurement of rheumatoid factor mayaid in the diagnosis of rheumatoidarthritis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufactured by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OLYMPUS AMERICA, INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex-enhanced Immunoturbidimetry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The frequency of calibration for the RFLatex procedure is every 30 days.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibration stability is 1 month(or 30 days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adult ≤ 14 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# ii. Comparison with predicate Device: Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K060201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor reagent model :OSR61105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor(1300023888)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus AU400 Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette of :R1= 4 x 24 mLR2= 4x 8mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette of :R1: 6 x 13 mLR2: 6 x 6mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range :5-120 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range :10 - 120 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Until expiration date on label(+2-8 °C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable up to expiration dateif stored at 2-10°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened, the reagent is stablefor 60 days in refrigerated compartment ofanalyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened, the reagent cassette placedin the refrigerator compartment is stablefor 1 month (or 30 days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Discussion on the analysis differences :1. Instrument: Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor is used on Yumizen C12003. Packaging: Packaging is different; depends on cassette capacity.4 Reagent stability: the on board stability Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor is shorter. The Shelf life isdifferent. Stability depend on reagent composition and cassette capacity.5.Analytical range: the measuring range for serum for Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid factor is slightly tighteron the lower end6. Sample type: Yumizen C1200 RF uses serum only.</td></tr></table>

# 7- Special Control/Guidance Document Referenced

# a. Standards Followed

The following standards & FDA guidance documents have been used to support this submission:

# CLSI Guidelines:

CLSI EP05-A3:Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures– Third Edition - October 2014   
• CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures – Second Edition - June 2012   
• CLSI EP06-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative measurement Procedures A Statistical Approach – First Edition – April 2003 CLSI C28-A3: Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical laboratory- Third Edition – November 2008   
• CLSI EP25-A : Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic reagents- First EditionSeptember 2009

# b. FDA Guidances Followed

• Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff $:$ Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510(k)s – 2005

# c. Other reference cited

• Valtec guideline (Vassault et al., Ann. Biol. Clin., 1986, (44), 686-745) CLSI EP09-A3 : Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples - Third Edition - August 2013

# 8- Analytical Performance Characteristics

# 8.1 Measuring Range

# Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

The limit of detection and quantitation was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP17-A2.   
The reagent linearity was determined according to CLSI guideline EP06-A.   
The limit of quantitation and the linearity studies showed that claimed measuring range is appropriate.

Results :   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofquantitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity evaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.30 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.39 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3 - 426.6 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to 450 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumPost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>until 2250 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Transferrin

The limit of detection and quantitation was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP17-A2.   
The reagent linearity was determined according to CLSI guideline EP06-A.   
The limit of quantitation and the linearity studies showed that claimed measuring range is appropriate.

Results :   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofquantitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity evaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15 - 4.61 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 to 5.20 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/PlasmaPost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.60 until g/L</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

The limit of detection and quantitation was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP17-A2.   
The reagent linearity was determined according to CLSI guideline EP06-A.   
The limit of quantitation and the linearity studies showed that claimed measuring range is appropriate.

Results :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofquantitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity evaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.07 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.41 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2 - 118.8 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to 120 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumPost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>until 1200 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

# 8.2 Accuracy and Precision

Repeatability (within-run precision) and Reproducibility (total precision)

# Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

Total Precision : analyzer variability - 20x2x2 study

Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $8 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and $6 . 0 \%$ for serum Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $1 0 . 0 \%$ , $8 . 0 \%$ and $8 . 0 \%$ for serum.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Instrument(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 1 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 2 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $8 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and $6 . 0 \%$ for serum

Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $1 0 . 0 \%$ , $8 . 0 \%$ and 8.0 $\%$ for serum.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Batch(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Batch(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 1 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 2 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>407.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr></table>

Although the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ of Within Day and Total Precision are superior to the Acceptance criteria, the pvalue with $5 \%$ acceptable remains acceptable for sample 1.

The results are within the specifications.

# Yumizen C1200 Transferrin

Total Precision : analyzer variability - 20x2x2 study

Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $6 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ for serum and plasma   
Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $8 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and $5 . 0 \%$ for serum and plasma.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Instrument(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 1 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 2 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $6 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ for serum and plasma

Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $8 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and $5 . 0 \%$ for serum and plasma.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Batch(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Batch(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 1 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 2 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

# Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

Total Precision : analyzer variability - 20x2x2 study

Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $6 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ for serum   
Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $8 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and $5 . 0 \%$ for serum.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Instrument (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 1 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 2 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

Lot to Lot variability : 3x5x2x3

Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $6 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ for serum

Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $8 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and $5 . 0 \%$ for serum.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Batch(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Batch(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 1 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200Level 2 ProteinControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

The Interferences were determined according to the CLSI guideline EP07-A2. The acceptable bias is defined at $+ / - 1 0 \%$ of the value without interfering substances. These data in the following table represent the highest values for which no interferences higher than $10 \%$ have been observed.

# Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270.42 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504 μmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442 μmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.87mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RheumatoidFactor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>500 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deferoxamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.43 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.92 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methotrexate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferrous Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.19 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azithromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diltiazem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# • Yumizen C1200 Transferrin

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum/Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.04mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353.28 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>749μmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.84 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408 μmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.86 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RheumatoidFactor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>400 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290 μmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.02mmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>526.75 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>535 μmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.32 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>433 μmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.34 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 8.4 Yumizen C1200 Transferrin : Anticoagulant study

Study materials :

Anticoagulant $:$ heparin-lithium Samples: single donors

59 paired serum/ plasma samples were evaluated on Yumizen C1200 analyser using Yumizen C1200 Transferrin reagent.

For this study, each paired samples (sera and heparinized plasma) has been obtained from single donor.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin:serum sample(g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.786</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.04833</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9691</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin:Heparinsample(g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.901</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.724</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion :

The results show there is not significative difference between serum and plasma with heparin specimens   
$\mathrm { . > }$ coagulation does not have an impact on Transferrin determination.

# 8.5 Prozone / Antigen excess effect

For each analyte, a range of high concentration samples is prepared in order to identify a high dose hook effect.

# Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

An antigen excess effect is observed for samples with a concentration higher than $5 0 4 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , as they have a rate which could be inside the calibration range and the assay could give underestimated results, but remaining inside the pathological range.

For such samples, a prozone alarm will flag the samples having concentration higher than 5043 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The flagged sample will be automatically rerun by the analyzer.

# Yumizen C1200 Transferrin

No antigen excess has been detected up to a concentration of $4 0 ~ \mathrm { g / L }$ .

# Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

An antigen excess effect is observed for samples with a concentration higher than $2 2 9 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ , as they have a rate which could be inside the calibration range and the assay could give underestimated results, but remaining inside the pathological range.

For such samples, a prozone alarm will flag the samples having concentration higher than $2 2 9 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ The flagged sample will be automatically rerun by the analyzer.

# 8.6 Method comparison with a predicate device

# Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

This study has been carried out using recommendations found in the CLSI EP-9A3 guidance.

Samples: Anonymous remnants of human serum specimens collected from blood bank. These samples are in the candidate measuring range and predicate measuring range.

103 native sera samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on 6 working days.

Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation - r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Transferrin

his study has been carried out using recommendations found in the CLSI EP-9A3 guidance.

Samples: Anonymous remnants of human serum specimens collected from CHU Nîmes (University Hospital Center).

115 native samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on 5 working days.

Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation - r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td></tr></table>

# Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

his study has been carried out using recommendations found in the CLSI EP-9A3 guidance.

Samples: Anonymous remnants of human serum specimens collected from blood bank. These samples are in the candidate measuring range and predicate measuring range.

13 native samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on 6 working days.

Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation - r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118.8100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td></tr></table>

# 8.7 Reagent Stability

# 8.7.1 Closed stability

The closed stability was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A.

# Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

Stability before opening:

Stable up to the expiry date on the label if stored at $2 { \cdot } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Store protected from light.

The shelf life claim for HORIBA Medical reagent is 18 months.

# Yumizen C1200 Transferrin

Stability before opening: Stable up to the expiry date on the label if stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Store protected from light.

The shelf life claim for HORIBA Medical reagent is 24 months.

# Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

Stability before opening: Stable up to the expiry date on the label if stored at $2 { \cdot } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The shelf life claim for HORIBA Medical reagent is 18 months.

# 8.7.2 Open stability

The open stability was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A.

On board reagent Stability:

• The reagent stability claim for the Yumizen C1200 Ferritin is 2 months.   
The reagent stability claim for the Yumizen C1200 Transferrin is 6 weeks.   
The reagent stability claim for the Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor is 1 month.

# 8.8 Reference range

The Reference Range was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP28-A3.

# Yumizen C1200 Ferritin

Adults data (bibliographic reference and study- see below)

Women :

50 “normal samples” from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates. Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.

Only the first replicate result for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature.

Women : $1 0 - 1 2 0 \mathrm { n g / m l ( \mu g / l ) }$

Reference:

Roberts W.L., McMillin G.A., Burtis C.A., Bruns D.E., Reference Information for the Clinical Laboratory, TIETZ Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics. 4ème Ed; Burtis C.A., Ashwood E.R., Bruns D.E., (Elsevier Saunders eds. St Louis, USA); 2006, 2269.

Men :

95 “normal samples” from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates.

Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.

Only the first replicate result for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature.

Men: $2 0 - 2 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m l ( \mu g / l ) }$

Reference:

Roberts W.L., McMillin G.A., Burtis C.A., Bruns D.E., Reference Information for the Clinical Laboratory, TIETZ Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics. 4ème Ed; Burtis C.A., Ashwood E.R., Bruns D.E., (Elsevier Saunders eds. St Louis, USA); 2006, 2269.

# Yumizen C1200 Transferrin

85 “normal samples” $( 2 8 \ \mathrm { w o m e n } + 5 7 \ \mathrm { m e n } )$ from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates.

Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.

Only the first replicate result for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature.

Normal range Transferrin – Serum

$2 - 3 . 6 \ : \mathrm { g / l } \left( 2 0 0 - 3 6 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d l } \right)$ based on CRM 470.

Reference:

Dati F., Schumann G, Thomas L, Aguzzi F, Baudner S. Bienvenu J. et al. Consensus of a group of professional societies and diagnostic companies on guidelines for interim reference ranges for 14 proteins in serum based on the standardization against IFCC/BCR/CAP Reference Material (CRM 470). Eur. J Clin Chem. Cli Biochem. 1996; 34: 517-20.

# Yumizen C1200 Rheumatoid Factor

60 “normal samples” from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates.

Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.

Only the first replicate result for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature.

Normal range Rhumatoid Factor Adult $< 1 4 ~ \mathrm { { I U / m l } }$

Reference:

Tietz NW, editor. Clinical Guide to Laboratory Tests, 3rd ed. Philadelphia: WB Saunders Company, 1990.

# 8.9 Proposed Labeling

The labeling is written as per the recommendations given in standard EN18113-2.   
It takes into account the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 8.10 Conclusions for Performance Testing

The performance testing data conclude that the safety and effectiveness of the devices are not compromised, and that they met all acceptance criteria, demonstrating that each device is substantially equivalent to its predicate device.