September 24, 2019

BÜHLMANN Laboratories AG   
Roshana Ahmed   
President   
Quaras, LLC   
2101 Camino Rey   
Fullerton, California 92833

Re: K191718 Trade/Device Name: BÜHLMANN fCAL turbo and CALEX Cap Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5180 Regulation Name: Fecal calprotectin immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NXO Dated: June 26, 2019 Received: June 26, 2019

Dear Roshana Ahmed:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for

Douglas Jeffery, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name BUHLMANN fCAL turbo, CALEX Cap

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BUHLMANN fCAL turbo is an in vitro diagnostic assay intended for the quantitative measurement of fecal calprotectin, a neutrophilic protein that is a marker of intestinal mucosal inflammation, in human stool. The BUHLMANN fCAL turbo aids in the diagnosis of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), specifically Crohn's disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC) and aids in the differentiation ofIBD from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

The BUHLMANN CALEX Cap is a single use tube intended for the preparation of human stool samples to be used with the BUHLMANN fCAL turbo.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# I. Submitter

BÜHLMANN Laboratories AG   
Baselstrasse 55   
Schönenbuch CH-4124   
Switzerland   
Phone: $+ 4 1$ 61 487 12 50

Contact Person: Laura Zurbrügg Date Prepared: September 11, 2019

# II. Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Proprietary Names:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo, CALEX® Cap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common or Usual Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal calprotectin immunological test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calprotectin, Fecal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.5180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NXO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr></table>

# III. Predicate Device

Substantial equivalence is claimed to the following device:

• BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo, K190784, BÜHLMANN Laboratories AG

# IV. Device Description

The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo, a particle-enhanced turbidimetric immunoassay (PETIA), is performed using patient stool extracts collected without preservatives. Calprotectin within the sample extract mediates immunoparticle agglutination; sample turbidity is proportional to calprotectin concentration. The detected light absorbance allows quantification of calprotectin concentration via interpolation of an established calibration curve. The assay is validated for use on clinical chemistry analyzers such as the Roche cobas® $^ { \circ } { \mathrm { c } } 5 0 1 / { \mathrm { c } } 5 0 2$ platforms.

The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo Reagent Kit is to be used in conjunction with the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo Calibrator Kit and BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo Control Kit, which are available separately.

Sample extracts may be prepared using manual weighing extraction methods or the CALEX® Cap.

The CALEX® Cap is a single use tube filled with extraction buffer. The sampling pin houses a dosing tip which is used to obtain sufficient stool sample for the extraction process. The extraction method leads to stool specimen extracts which can be measured directly using the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo assay.

# V. Indications for Use

The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo is an in vitro diagnostic assay intended for the quantitative measurement of fecal calprotectin, a neutrophilic protein that is a marker of intestinal mucosal inflammation, in human stool. The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo aids in the diagnosis of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), specifically Crohn’s disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC) and aids in the differentiation of IBD from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

The BÜHLMANN CALEX® Cap is a single use tube intended for the preparation of human stool samples to be used with the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo.

# VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject and predicate device utilize the same exact assay, controls, and calibrators. The only difference between the two products is the provision of the CALEX® Cap as an alternative sample extraction method to manual weighing.

The tables below compare key technological features between the subject and predicate devices.

# Technological comparison

# Comparison of Assay

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUHLMANN fCAL® turbo andCALEX Cap</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo(K190784)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human fecal calprotectin(MRP8/14)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human fecal calprotectin(MRP8/14)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human stool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human stool</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical DecisionThresholds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal: &lt; 80 μg/gGray-zone/borderline: 80 - 160μg/gElevated: &gt; 160 μg/g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal: &lt; 80 μg/gGray-zone/borderline: 80 - 160μg/gElevated: &gt; 160 μg/g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PETIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PETIA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid phase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene nanoparticles (beads)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene nanoparticles (beads)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated clinical chemistryanalyzer read at 546 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated clinical chemistryanalyzer read at 546 nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte-specificantibodycomponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal antibodies againsthuman calprotectin coated onpolystyrene beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal antibodies againsthuman calprotectin coated onpolystyrene beads</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct measuring range:30 - 2000 μg/gMeasuring range with automaticdilution: 30 - 10,000 μg/g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct measuring range:30 - 2000 μg/gMeasuring range with automaticdilution: 30 - 10,000 μg/g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ExtractionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual Weighing (1:50 dilution inExtraction Buffer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual Weighing (1:50 dilution inExtraction Buffer)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CALEX® Cap (1:500 dilution inExtraction Buffer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr></table>

# Comparison of Calibrators

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL turbo(K190784)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turboCalibrator Kit is intended for usewith the BÜHLMANN fCAL®turbo Reagent Kit for thedetermination of fecal calprotectinlevels in extracted stool samples.Comprised of six (6) calibrators,each calibrator establishes a pointof reference for the working curvethat is used to calculate test resultsfrom patient samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turboCalibrator Kit is intended for usewith the BÜHLMANN fCAL®turbo Reagent Kit for thedetermination of fecal calprotectinlevels in extracted stool samples.Comprised of six (6) calibrators,each calibrator establishes a pointof reference for the working curvethat is used to calculate test resultsfrom patient samples.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native human calprotectinSource: human granulocyte extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native human calprotectinSource: human granulocyte extract</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 levels:Target values: 0, 50, 200, 500,1000, 2000 µg/g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 levels:Target values: 0, 50, 200, 500,1000, 2000 μg/g</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conversion factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value assignment:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator values assigned using avalue transfer protocol for eachcalibrator lot. Values are indicatedin the QC datasheet.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator values assigned using avalue transfer protocol for eachcalibrator lot. Values are indicatedin the QC datasheet.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Available as a separateBÜHLMANN fCAL® turboCalibrator Kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Available as a separateBÜHLMANN fCAL® turboCalibrator Kit.</td></tr></table>

# Comparison of Controls

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUHLMANN fCAL turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo(K190784)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turboControl Kit, comprised of a highand low control, is intended for usewith the BÜHLMANN fCAL®turbo Reagent Kit, for qualitycontrol, in the determination offecal calprotectin levels in extractedstool samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BÜHLMANN fCAL® turboControl Kit, comprised of a highand low control, is intended for usewith the BÜHLMANN fCAL®turbo Reagent Kit, for qualitycontrol, in the determination offecal calprotectin levels inextracted stool samples.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native human calprotectinSource: human granulocyte extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native human calprotectinSource: human granulocyte extract</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (low and high)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (low and high)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physio-chemicalcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Available as a separateBÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo ControlKit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Available as a separateBÜHLMANN fCAL® turboControl Kit</td></tr></table>

# Discussion

As seen above, the only difference between the subject and predicate devices is the provision of the $\mathrm { C A L E X ^ { \textregistered } }$ Cap as an alternative sample extraction method. This technological difference does not create new questions of safety and effectiveness and the differences are addressed by the performance studies identified below.

# VII. Performance Data

# A. Clinical Thresholds

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calprotectin Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 80 μg/g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 μg/g≤ x ≤ 160 μg/g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gray-zone/Borderline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retest within 4  6 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 160 μg/g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retest as appropriate</td></tr></table>

# B. Precision

Single-Site Repeatability Study Results (Manual Weighing Extraction Method):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean[μg/g]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>642.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1414.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3251.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5405.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr></table>

Multi-Site Reproducibility Study Results (Manual Weighing Extraction Method):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean[μg/g]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalPrecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>674.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1519.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3343.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5475.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr></table>

Lot-to-Lot Precision Study Results (Manual Weighing Extraction Method):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean[μg/g]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalPrecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>647.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1460.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3234.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5303.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr></table>

Extraction Reproducibility (Manual Weighing Extraction Method) Study Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-extraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalPrecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>421.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>573.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1387.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3264.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3330.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr></table>

Extraction Reproducibility $\boldsymbol { ( C A L E X ^ { \mathrm { R } } }$ Cap) Study Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-extraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalPrecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>940.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1558.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2041.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3440.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>370.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td></tr></table>

# C. Linearity

Study procedures were performed using two dilution series. For each dilution series, a stool specimen extract with a calprotectin concentration above the anticipated upper limit of the analytical measuring range was combined with a stool specimen extract with a calprotectin concentration below the anticipated lower limit of the analytical measuring range, in various mixing ratios covering the range; each dilution was tested in four (4) replicates. Results of the linear regression analyses are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DilutionSeries</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeasuringRange [μg/g]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Linear regression parameters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% C.I.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% C.I.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.6  12,216.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7(1.6, 16.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.057(1.044, 1.075)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5  13,339.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8(-0.4, 13.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.031(1.014, 1.042)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td></tr></table>

The data supports the following claims for analytical measuring range:

Direct analytical measuring range: $3 0 - 2 0 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / g }$ Measuring range with automatic dilution: $3 0 - 1 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / g }$

# D. High Dose Hook Effect

No high dose hook effect at theoretical concentrations up to $4 5 , 7 1 5 \ : \mu \mathrm { g / g }$

E. Accuracy/Recovery

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7246</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline result [μg/g]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1076.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected post-spike result [μg/g]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>738.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1304.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed post-spike result [μg/g]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>753.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1309.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total recovery [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.4%</td></tr></table>

# $F .$ . Analytical Sensitivity

Results of the analytical sensitivity studies support a claimed direct measuring range of $3 0 \mathrm { - }$ $2 0 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / g }$ and a measuring range of $3 0 - 1 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / g }$ with automatic dilution.

LoB = 16.7 µg/g $\mathrm { L o D } = 2 3 . 7 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / g }$ $\mathrm { L o Q } = 3 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / g }$

# G. Interfering Substances

Study procedures were performed using stool specimen extracts with the following approximate calprotectin concentrations: $3 0 \mu \mathrm { g / g }$ , $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / g }$ , $3 0 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g } } / \mathrm { g } .$ , and $5 5 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { g }$ . The following analytes, pharmaceuticals, and nutritional supplements did not interfere with the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solvent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationmg/50 mgstool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gyno-Tardyferon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Iron (II) sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCl/NaOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DMSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imurek</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azathioprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DMSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salofalk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalamine; 5-ASA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DMSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agopton</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lansoprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimethylformamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asacol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalamine; 5-ASA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DMSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H2Odd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethoxazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethoxazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DMSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethoprim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethoprim lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DMSO/Exbuffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciproxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>solvent from manufacturer/H2Odd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DL-α Tocopherol Acetate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H2O + Tween</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bion 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multivitamin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCl/NaOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H2Odd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td></tr></table>

The following enteropathological microorganisms did not interfere with the BÜHLMANN $\mathrm { f C A L } ^ { \mathbb { \left( R \right) } }$ turbo when added to stool extracts at the given cell counts:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microorganism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(cfu/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 x 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0 x 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3 x 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9 x 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica subsp. enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8 x 107</td></tr></table>

# H. Method Comparison

A total of 248 clinical study samples, prepared using the manual weighing extraction method, were tested using the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo and the predicate device (BÜHLMANN $\mathrm { f C A L } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ ELISA assay); valid results within the linear measuring range for both assays were obtained for 220 of these samples. Results were analyzed by Passing-Bablok regression analysis.

<table><tr><td>Slope (95% CI)</td><td>Intercept (μg/g) (95% CI)</td><td>Bias at 80 μg/g (95% CI)</td><td>Bias at 160 μg/g (95% CI)</td><td>Correlation r</td></tr><tr><td>1.025</td><td>-4.5</td><td>-3.1%</td><td>-0.3%</td><td>0.972</td></tr><tr><td>(0.990, 1.058)</td><td>(-8.7, 0.3)</td><td>(-7.2%, 0.5%)</td><td>(-2.4%, 2.7%)</td><td></td></tr></table>

Frequency counts of BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo test results and corresponding BÜHLMANN $\mathrm { f C A L } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ ELISA assay results within each of the diagnostic ranges of these tests are provided below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4># in BÜHLMANN fCAL® ELISA assay range (μg/g)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 - 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1># in fCALturbo range(μg/g)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 - 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248</td></tr></table>

Estimates of positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) between the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo results and corresponding BÜHLMANN fCAL® ELISA assay results, using both sets of assay cutoffs, with respect to IBD subjects, IBS subjects, other GI subjects, normal subjects, and all subjects combined are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>IBD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/70 = 97.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[90.1%, 99.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/7 = 85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[42.1%, 99.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/56 = 92.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[82.7%, 98.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/21 = 90.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[69.6%, 98.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>IBS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/32 = 87.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[71.0%, 96.5%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/33 = 93.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[79.8%, 99.3%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13 = 92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[64.0%, 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/52 = 94.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[84.1%, 98.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Other GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/21 = 95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[76.2%, 99.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16 = 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[79.4%, 100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/14 = 92.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[66.1%, 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/23 = 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[85.2%, 100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/33 = 90.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[75.7%, 98.1%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/36 = 86.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[70.5%, 95.3%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15= 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[78.2%, 100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/54 = 96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[87.3%, 99.5%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>All subjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146/156 = 93.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[88.5%, 96.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84/92 = 91.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[83.6%, 96.2%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92/98 = 93.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[87.1%, 97.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143/150 = 95.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[90.6%, 98.1%]</td></tr></table>

# I. Extraction Method Comparison

A total of 241 clinical study samples were extracted using the $\mathrm { C A L E X ^ { \textregistered } }$ Cap and manual weighing extraction methods and tested using the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo. Valid results within the linear measuring range were obtained for 202 of these samples using both extraction methods.

Results were analyzed by Passing-Bablok regression analysis.

<table><tr><td>Slope (95% CI)</td><td>Intercept (μg/g) (95% CI)</td><td>Bias at 80 μg/g (95% CI)</td><td>Bias at 160 μg/g (95% CI)</td><td>Correlation r</td></tr><tr><td>1.149</td><td>-8.3</td><td>4.6%</td><td>9.7%</td><td>0.921</td></tr><tr><td>(1.100, 1.201)</td><td>(-17.1, -2.0)</td><td>(-4.3%, 9.1%)</td><td>(4.2%, 13.8%)</td><td></td></tr></table>

Frequency counts of BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo test results using the $\mathrm { C A L E X ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } } }$ Cap and manual weighing extraction methods within each of the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo diagnostic ranges are provided below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4># of CALEX® Cap results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 - 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1># of manualweighingresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 - 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td></tr></table>

Estimates of positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) between the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo results using the $\mathrm { C A L E X ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } } }$ Cap extraction method and corresponding results using the manual weighing extraction method, using both sets of assay cutoffs are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159/162 = 98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[94.7%, 99.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (lower cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/79 = 89.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[81.0%, 9, 95.5%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122/125 = 97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[93.1%, 99.5%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (upper cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112/116 = 96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[91.4%, 99.1%]</td></tr></table>

IBD vs. IBS:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Borderline ValuesConsidered Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clinical Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IBD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IBS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BÜHLMANN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>fCAL® turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Sensitivity = 91.1%; 95% C.I. (85.0%, 95.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Specificity = 76.2%; 95% C.I. (67.9%, 83.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>PPV = 79.9%; 95% C.I. (72.7%, 85.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>NPV = 89.2%; 95% C.I. (81.9%, 94.3%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Borderline ValuesConsidered Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clinical Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IBD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IBS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BÜHLMANNfCAL turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Sensitivity = 80.0%; 95% C.I. (72.3%, 86.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Specificity = 87.7%; 95% C.I. (80.8%, 92.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPV = 87.1%; 95% C.I. (79.9%, 92.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>NPV =80.9%; 95% C.I. (73.4%, 87.0%)</td></tr></table>

IBD vs. non-IBD:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Borderline ValuesConsidered Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clinical Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IBD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-IBD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BUHLMANN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>fCAL® turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Sensitivity = 91.1%; 95% C.I. (85.0%, 95.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Specificity = 74.3%; 95% C.I. (67.7%, 80.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>PPV = 70.3%; 95% C.I. (62.9%, 76.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>NPV = 92.6%; 95% C.I. (87.4%, 96.1%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Borderline ValuesConsidered Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clinical Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IBD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IBS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BUHLMANNfCAL turbo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Sensitivity = 80.0%; 95% C.I. (72.3%, 86.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Specificity = 85.1%; 95% C.I. (79.5%, 89.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPV = 78.3%; 95% C.I. (70.4%, 84.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>NPV =86.4%; 95% C.I. (80.9%, 90.9%)</td></tr></table>

# K. Expected Values/Reference Range:

Stool samples, prepared using the manual weighing extraction method, were obtained from 141 apparently healthy normal adults $( > 2 1$ years of age) with no symptoms or signs of gastrointestinal disease and were. The test results were categorized by the assay cut-offs below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Calprotectin level by BÜHLMANN fCAL turbo</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 80 μg/g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 - 160 μg/g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 160 μg/g</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofsubjects (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 (75.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (12.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (12.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Conclusion

The information provided above supports that the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo and $\mathrm { C A L E X ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } } }$ Cap are as safe and effective as the predicate device. Verification and validation studies support that the use of the CALEX® Cap to prepare stool sample extracts does not raise any new questions of safety and effectiveness. Therefore, it is concluded that the BÜHLMANN fCAL® turbo and CALEX® Cap are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.