September 4, 2020

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. Kristin Maddaloni Regulatory Affairs Specialist 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355

Re: K192524 Trade/Device Name: Lumipulse G CA15-3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-Associated Antigen Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MOI Dated: August 5, 2020 Received: August 6, 2020

Dear Kristin Maddaloni:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ying (Katelin) Mao, Ph.D.   
Acting Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K192524

Device NameLumipulse G CA15-3

Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ CA15-3 is a Chemiluminescent Enzyme Immunoassay (CLEIA) for the quantitative determination of CA 15-3 in human serum or plasma (sodium heparin, lithium heparin, or dipotassium EDTA) on the LUMIPULSE $\pmb { G }$ System.

The assay is to be used as an aid in the management of patients previously diagnosed with stage II and III breast cancer. Serial testing for patient CA15-3 assay values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring breast cancer.

WARNING: The concentration of CA 15-3 in a given specimen, as determined by assays from different manufacturers, can vary due to differences in assay methods and reagent specificity. The results reported by the laboratory to the physician must include the identity of the assay for CA 15-3 used. Values obtained with different assay methods cannot be used interchangeably. If, in the course of monitoring a patient, the assay method used for determining serial levels of CA 15-3 is changed, the laboratory must perform additional serial testing to confirm baseline values. Prior to changing assays, the laboratory MUST confirm baseline values for patients being serially monitored. Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ CA 15-3 should not be used for cancer screening or diagnosis.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5

# 510(k) SUMMARY

Lumipulse® G CA15-3

A. General Information

Submission Date: 12 Sep 2019

510(k) Number:

# Submitter Information:

Submitter:

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

Contact Person: Kristin Maddaloni Specialist, Regulatory Affairs Phone: (610) 395-2126 Fax: (610) 240-3803 Email: maddalonik@fdi.com

B. Purpose of Submission: New device

C. Measurand: Cancer antigen 15-3

D. Type of Test: Quantitative assay, automated chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay (CLEIA)

E. Applicant: Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc.

F. Proprietary and Established Names: Lumipulse G CA15-3

# G. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section:   
21 CFR § 866.6010

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product codes: MOI - system, test, immunological, antigen, tumor

4. Panel: 82, Immunology

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended Use: Lumipulse G CA15-3 Immunoreaction Cartridges

Lumipulse G CA15-3 is a Chemiluminescent Enzyme Immunoassay (CLEIA) for the quantitative determination of CA15-3 in human serum or plasma (sodium heparin, lithium heparin, or dipotassium EDTA) on the LUMIPULSE G System.

The assay is to be used as an aid in the management of patients previously diagnosed with stage II and III breast cancer. Serial testing for patient CA15-3 assay values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring breast cancer.

WARNING: The concentration of CA 15-3 in a given specimen, as determined by assays from different manufacturers, can vary due to differences in assay methods and reagent specificity. The results reported by the laboratory to the physician must include the identity of the assay for CA 15-3 used. Values obtained with different assay methods cannot be used interchangeably. If, in the course of monitoring a patient, the assay method used for determining serial levels of CA 15-3 is changed, the laboratory must perform additional serial testing to confirm baseline values. Prior to changing assays, the laboratory MUST confirm baseline values for patients being serially monitored. Lumipulse G CA15-3 should not be used for cancer screening or diagnosis.

2. Indications for use: Same as Intended Use.

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): Prescription use only.

4. Special instrument requirements: LUMIPULSE G1200 System

# I. Device Description:

Lumipulse G CA15-3 is an assay system, including a set of immunoassay reagents, for the quantitative measurement of CA 15-3 in specimens based on CLEIA technology by a two-step sandwich immunoassay method on the LUMIPULSE G System.

Lumipulse G CA15-3 Immunoreaction Cartridges: REF 235102 The Lumipulse G CA15-3 Immunoreaction Cartridges consists of $3 \times 1 4$ tests. Each kit contains the following:

1.) Antibody-Coated Particle Solution (Liquid when used, 250 μL/Immunoreaction Cartridge) Contains $1 5 0 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ anti-CA 15-3 monoclonal antibody (mouse)-coated particles, protein stabilizers (bovine and mouse) and chemical stabilizers in 0.15 M sodium chloride/Tris buffer. This solution contains gelatin and turns into gel at $1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ or lower. Preservative: sodium azide.

2.) Enzyme-Labeled Antibody Solution (Liquid, 350 μL/Immunoreaction Cartridge) Contains $0 . 2 ~ | \mathsf { u g / m l }$ alkaline phosphatase (ALP: calf)-labeled anti-CA 15-3 monoclonal antibody (mouse), protein stabilizers (bovine and calf) and chemical stabilizers in 0.1 M sodium chloride/MES buffer. Preservative: sodium azide.

J. Substantial Equivalence:

1. Predicate device name(s): ARCHITECT CA 15-3

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K042732

3. Comparison with predicate:

Comparison between the Lumipulse® G CA15-3 and ARCHITECT CA15-3   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lumipulse® GCA15-3 (Proposed Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT CA15-3(Predicate Device)K042732</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MOI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cancer Antigen 15-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21CFR § 866.6010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Usage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated QuantitativeChemiluminscent EnzymeImmunoassay (CLEIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminscent MicroparticleImmunoassay (CMEIA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen CollectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Routine Phlebotomy Techniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lumipulse  G  CA15-3  is  aChemiluminescent          EnzymeImmunoassay (CLEIA) for thequantitative determination of CA 15-3 in human serum or plasma(sodium heparin, lithium heparin, ordipotassium   EDTA)   on   theLUMIPULSE G System.The assay is to be used as an aid inthe  management  of  patientspreviously diagnosed with stage IIand IIl breast cancer. Serial testingfor patient CA15-3 assayvalues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ARCHITECT CA 15-3 assayis a chemiluminescentmicroparticleimmunoassay (CMIA) for thequantitative determination of DF3defined antigen in human serumand plasma on the ARCHITECTiSystem. The ARCHITECT CA 15-3 assay is to be used as an aid inthe management of Stage II and IIIbreast cancer patients. Serialtesting for patient CA 15-3 assayvalues should be used inconjunction with other clinical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">should be used in conjunction withother clinical methods used formonitoring breast cancer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">methods for monitoring breastcancer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LUMIPULSE G System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT iSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-step sandwichimmunoassay based onchemiluminescenttechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-stepimmunoassay based onCMIAtechnology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma (sodiumheparin, lithium heparin, ordipotassium EDTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma(sodium heparin, lithium heparin,or tripotassium EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 U/mL - 400 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 U/mL - 800 U/mL</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3 - Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition   
CLSI EP06-A - Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP07 – Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP09c – Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP14-A2 - Evaluation of Matrix Effects; Approved Guideline – Second Edition CLSI EP17-A2 - Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
CLSI EP25-A – Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents: Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP28-A3c - Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline-Third Edition   
CLSI EP34 - Establishing and Verifying an Extended Measuring Interval Through Specimen Dilution and Spiking; Approved Guideline – First Edition   
CLSI EP37 – Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – First Edition

# L. Test Principle:

CA 15-3 in specimens specifically binds to anti-CA 15-3 monoclonal antibody (mouse) on the particles, and antigen-antibody immunocomplexes are formed. The particles are then washed and rinsed to remove unbound materials. Alkaline phosphatase (ALP; calf)-labeled anti-CA 15-3 monoclonal antibody (mouse) specifically binds to CA 15-3 of the immunocomplexes on the particles and additional immunocomplexes are formed. The particles are washed and rinsed to remove unbound materials. Substrate Solution is added and mixed with the particles. AMPPD contained in the Substrate Solution is dephosphorylated by the catalysis of ALP indirectly conjugated to particles. Luminescence (at a maximum wavelength of 477 nm) is generated by the cleavage reaction of dephosphorylated AMPPD. The luminescent signal reflects the amount of CA 15-3.

# M. Performance Characteristics

Data were generated using the LUMIPULSE G1200 System.

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

The results of the 20-day precision calculations for Lumipulse G CA15-3 performed at Associated Regional and University Pathologists (ARUP) are shown below:

Lot A ICs/Lot A Calibrators for Panels 1-6

The analyses determined the total precision for the Lumipulse G CA15-3 assay to be ≤ $3 . 3 \%$ . The total precision of the Lumipulse G CA15-3 for the six (6) panels ranged from $2 . 4 \%$ to $3 . 3 \%$ . The precision of all controls and panels for the 20-day Precision Study met the acceptance criteria of a $\mathrm { C V } \leq 1 0 \%$ .

Summary for ARUP 20-day Precision $\bf { n } = 8 0$ for each panel)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr></table>

# Lot-To-Lot Reproducibility for Combined Data

The precision analyses for the combined lot-to-lot analysis for Lots A, B and C determined the total precision for Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ PCT to be $\leq 3 . 7 \%$ in this study. The total precision for Lumipulse G CA15-3 to be $\leq 3 . 3 \%$ for the six (6) panels. The total precision of Lumipulse G CA15-3 ranged from $2 . 2 \%$ to $3 . 7 \%$ . The between-lot precision for Lumipulse G CA15-3 was $\leq 4 . 8 \%$ .

The precision of controls and panels for the lot-to-lot reproducibility met the targeted acceptance criteria of a $\mathrm { C V } \leq 1 0 \%$ .

Summary of the Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility for the Combined Data for Lots A, B and C ( $\scriptstyle \mathbf { n } = 9 0$ for each sample)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr></table>

# Site to Site Reproducibility for Combined Data

The precision analyses for the combined site-to-site analysis determined the total precision for Lumipulse G CA15-3 to be $\leq 6 . 7 \%$ for the 6 panels in this study. The total precision of Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ CA15-3 in the study ranged from $2 . 9 \%$ to $6 . 7 \%$ . The betweensite precision for Lumipulse G CA15-3 was $\leq 4 . 9 \%$ .

The precision of the controls and panels for the site-to-site reproducibility met the targeted acceptance criteria of a $C \vee \leq 1 0 \%$ .

Summary of the Site-to-Site Reproducibility for the Combined Data for Lot A ( $n { = } 1 0 2$ for each panel)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

Lumipulse G CA15-3 the LUMIPULSE G1200 System demonstrated linearity in a study consistent with the guidelines in the CLSI Guideline EP6-A. High pools were created using patient serum samples that contained naturally expressed CA15-3 and diluted with a low patient serum sample pool. The linearity was found in the range of $1 . 7 \ : \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ to $4 3 4 . 8 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ . Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ CA15-3 correlated with expected concentrations according to the linear regression formula:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7-400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.965(0.956, 0.974)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.226(-0.316, -0.136)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9985</td></tr></table>

High dose effect is a phenomenon whereby very high level specimens may read within the dynamic range of the assay. For Lumipulse G CA15-3 on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System, no high dose effect was observed for samples containing approximately $\vartheta , 0 0 0 \ : \mathsf { U / m L }$ of CA 15-3.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

Calibration of the Lumipulse G CA15-3 is traceable to in-house reference calibrators, whose values have been assigned to correlate to Fujirebio Diagnostics’ CA 15-3 Radioimmunoassay.

# Shelf life

The shelf life for Lumipulse G CA15-3 Immunoreaction Cartridges and the Lumipulse G CA15-3 Calibrators is 12 months at $2 { - } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# On board the LUMIPULSE G1200

The Lumipulse G CA15-3 Immunoreaction Cartridges are sealed and stored at $4 { - } 1 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . To reduce risk for any misuse, the package insert states The Lumipulse G CA15-3 Cartridges can be stored on-board the LUMIPULSE G System for a maximum of 30 days.

The package insert recommends calibrator curve storage on the LUMIPULSE G1200 for a maximum of 30 days.

# Transport Conditions

Lumipulse G CA15-3 Immunoreaction Cartridges and the Lumipulse G CA15-3 Calibrators are shipped at $2 { \cdot } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ .

# d. Detection limit:

The Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) of Lumipulse G CA15-3 on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System is $\leq 0 . 1 3 8 \ \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$ .

1)LoB and LoD The LoB for Lumipulse G CA15-3 was 0.022 U/mL. The LoD for Lumipulse G CA15-3 on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System was $0 . 0 5 3 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ , determined consistent with the guidelines in the CLSI Guideline EP17-A2.

2)Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) The LoQ for Lumipulse G CA15-3 on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System was determined to be $0 . 1 3 8 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ , when analyzed in accordance to the guidelines in the CLSI EP17-A2. The LoQ is defined as the concentration of CA 15-3 at which the standard deviation is no more than $1 5 \%$ of the mean.

# e. Interfering Substances

Lumipulse G CA15-3 on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System demonstrated an average interference of $\pm 1 0 \%$ for each compound shown in the table below, in a study consistent with the guidelines in the CLSI EP07 and EP37. Human serum specimen pools with CA 15- 3 concentrations ranging from approximately 30-35 U/mL, 80-100 U/mL, and $3 0 0 { - } 3 5 0 \ \mathrm { U / m L }$ were supplemented with potentially interfering compounds. The following compounds were tested using Lumipulse G CA15-3 and found not to interfere with the assay.

<table><tr><td>Endogenous Interferences</td><td>Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Free Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides (Intralipid 20% Emulsion)</td><td>3,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>500 mg/dL 1,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Total Protein (Human Serum Albumin)</td><td>12 g/dL 15 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Immunoglobulin G (IgG)</td><td>5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin</td><td>19.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Human Anti-Mouse Antibodies</td><td>1,000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>(HAMA IgG) Rheumatoid Factor (RF) IgM</td><td>1,000 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Therapeutic Interferences</td><td>Drug Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Abemaciclib</td><td>24 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>AcetyIsalicylic Acid</td><td>100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylcysteine</td><td>166 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin-bound paclitaxel</td><td>27 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Alpelisib</td><td>18 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin-Na</td><td>100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic Acid</td><td>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Atezolizumab</td><td>72 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>β-Estradiol</td><td>0.67 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Capecitabine</td><td>128 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Carboplatin</td><td>100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cefoxitin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>660 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cisplatin</td><td>17.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclophosphamide</td><td>80.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclosporine</td><td>0.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Diethylstilbestrol</td><td>2.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Docetaxel</td><td>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxorubicin HCI</td><td>5.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Doxycycline</td><td>3mg/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Epirubicin</td><td>12 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Eribulin</td><td>0.14 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Etoposide</td><td>1.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Everolimus</td><td>1.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Exemestane</td><td>12 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>5-Fluorouracil</td><td>28.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Flutamide</td><td>1.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Fulvestrant</td><td>51 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Gemcitabine</td><td>128 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Heparin</td><td>5000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Lapatinib</td><td>90 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Levodopa</td><td>2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Liposomal doxorubicin</td><td>5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Megestrol acetate</td><td>3.96 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Methotrexate</td><td>45.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Methyldopa</td><td>2.25 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Metronidazole</td><td>12.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Mitomycin</td><td>7.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Olaparib</td><td>18 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Paclitaxel</td><td>0.35 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Palbociclib</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Pertuzumab</td><td>8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Phenylbutazone</td><td>50 mg/dL 40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Ribociclib</td><td>36 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Rifampicin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Talazoparib</td><td>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Tamoxifen</td><td>0.06 mg/dL 6.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Testosterone</td><td>3.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Theophylline</td><td>10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Vinblastine sulfate</td><td>0.13 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Vincristine</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>0.15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Vinorelbine</td><td>3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Herceptin</td><td>40.0 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# f. Cross Reactivity

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Observed % Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA19-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,000 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11,000 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.063</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.246</td></tr></table>

g. Assay cut-off: See Clinical Cutoff in 4 below.

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method Comparison

System in a study consistent with the guidelines in CLSI EP09-A3.

Lumipulse G CA15-3 method comparison was performed on the LUMIPULSE G1200 System in a study consistent with the guidelines in CLSI EP09-A3. The weighted Deming regression method was used to compare the performance of Lumipulse G CA15-3 to the ARCHITECT CA 15-3. The samples tested ranged from 5.3 to $3 7 5 . 6 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ for Lumipulse G CA15-3 and 5.1 to $1 0 0 4 . 4 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ for ARCHITECT CA 15-3. The data are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Lumipulse G CA15-3 vs. ARCHITECT CA 15-3</td></tr><tr><td>n</td><td>Correlation Coefficient (r)</td><td>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td>Slope (95% CI)</td><td>Mean Difference (U/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>117</td><td>0.8537</td><td>0.4628 (-0.3189 to 1.2445)</td><td>1.0512 (0.9674 to 1.1350)</td><td>-3.427</td></tr></table>

# b. Matrix Comparison

The Lumipulse G CA15-3 matrix comparison study was performed to evaluate the difference across tube types (SST, K2EDTA, Lithium Heparin, and Sodium Heparin) versus the means of the control samples (Red top serum) analyzed per CLSI guideline EP09c. The slope for each tube type when compared to the control had $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals that lay entirely within the range 0.9 to 1.1 and the correlation coefficients were $\geq$ 0.9.

3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical sensitivity: Not applicable

b. Clinical specificity: Not applicable

c. Other clinical supportive data

# Monitoring of Disease State in Patients Diagnosed with Breast Cancer

The effectiveness of Lumipulse G CA15-3 as an aid in monitoring recurrence or progressive disease in patients with breast cancer who have detectable levels of CA15-3 at some point in their disease process was determined by assessing changes in CA15-3 levels in serial serum samples from 112 patients compared to changes in disease status. The staging of the patients was done according to AJCC $7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ edition. A study involving a total of 566 pairs of observations was undertaken with an average number of 6.1 observations per patient. A positive change in CA15-3 was defined as an increase in the value that was at least $21 \%$ greater than the previous value of the test. This level of change takes into account the biological and analytical variability of the assay. Twenty-five percent $( 2 5 \% )$ or 14/57 of the patient samples with a positive change correlated with the disease progression, indicating a change in CA15-3 value of ${ < } 2 1 \%$ is associated with decreased likelihood of progression.

Lumipulse G CA15-3 Primary Progression Performance Measurements   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PerformanceMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.85 (14/27)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.77(282/325)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.56(14/57)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.59 (282/295)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NLR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>7.7%(27/352)</td></tr></table>

Change in Disease Status Per Sequential Pair In Stages II and III Patients   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change    in    CA15-3Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Progression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suspect ≥21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No &lt;21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td></tr></table>

Lumipulse G CA15-3 Full Progression Performance Measurements   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PerformanceMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.89 (22/45)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.29(460/521)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.51 (22/83)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.24(460/483)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NLR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr></table>

Change in Disease Status Per Sequential Pair for All Progression Events   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change in CA15-3Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Progression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suspect ≥21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No &lt;21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>483</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>521</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>566</td></tr></table>

Lower prevalence of progression events was observed during the course of this study in all different stages of disease, demonstrating similar test performance throughout the testing. This can be primarily explained by significant improvement in breast cancer treatment.

Based on this information, an interpretation of results section will be added to the labeling according to the table below.

Change in CA15-3 Value and Associated Interpretation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change in CA15-3 Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Likelihood  of  progression  isapproximately 4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Likelihood   of  progression  isapproximately 25%</td></tr></table>

Based on the results observed in this study, the likelihood of having progression when a positive result is present (change in CA15-3 value $2 2 1 \%$ ) is approximately $2 5 \%$ , while the likelihood of progression when a change in CA15-3 value ${ < } 2 1 \%$ is approximately $4 \%$ . However, the likelihood of having progression when a positive result is present (a change in CA15-3 value $2 2 1 \%$ ) is only $2 5 \%$ , indicating that $7 5 \%$ of women with CA15-3 value change $2 2 1 \%$ do not have progression.

4. Clinical cut-off: See Expected Values below.

5. Expected values/Reference range:

Serum specimens obtained from apparently healthy males and females were tested using Lumipulse G CA15-3 per CLSI EP28-A3c.

The observed ranges are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ApparentlyHealthy Males andFemales(Combined)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apparently HealthyMales</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apparently HealthyFemales</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3 (6.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2 (6.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4 (7.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (min, max)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3, 41.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3, 40.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6, 41.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Interval (2.5thPercentile, 97.5th Percentile)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5, 32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2, 30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5, 33.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) with CA 15-3 ≤ 15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) with CA 15-3 ≤ 30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) with CA 15-3 ≤ 35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr></table>

All Lumipulse G CA15-3 concentrations are presented in U/mL.

In addition to the normal cohort, serum specimens obtained from subjects with benign conditions and subjects with malignant diseases were tested using Lumipulse G CA15-3 per Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) EP28-A3c. All Lumipulse G CA15-3 concentrations are presented in U/mL.

The observed ranges are as follows:

Reference Intervals per Group (Apparently Healthy and Benign Subjects)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ApparentlyHealthyandBenign(AI)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Apparently ealhy Malesand Females(Combined)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Apparently Healthy Females</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ApparentlyHealthyMales</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BenignBreast</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BenignOvarian</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Urogenital</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pregnant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hypertension</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-menopausal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post-menopausal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0 (7.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3 (6.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4 (7.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6 (6.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.9 (6.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2 (6.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4 (8.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1 (7.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1 (9.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0 (6.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6 (7.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (min,max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3 , 55.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3, 41.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6, 41.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6, 34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4, 34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3, 40.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1, 55.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0, 33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0, 39.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3,28.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4, 38.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferenceInterval (2.5thPercentile, 97.5thPercentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6, 34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5, 32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5, 33.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60, 33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2, 31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2, 30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6, 44.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0, 33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0, 39.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3, 28.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4, 38.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) withCA15-3 ≤ 15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) withCA15-3 ≤ 30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) withCA15-3 ≤ 35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr></table>

All Lumipulse $\pmb { G }$ CA15-3 concentrations are presented in $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { U } m l }$

Reference Intervals per Group (Subjects with Cancer)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cancers(All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TreatmentaiveBreast (AllStages)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UterinelEndometrial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ovarian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lung</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorectal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pancreatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liver</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1 (52.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.4 (31.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.0 (32.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.0(123.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.6 (55.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5 (30.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.0 (20.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.3 (25.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (min,max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8, 749.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8, 350.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6, 190.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0, 749.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7, 283.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5, 200.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2, 124.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3, 143.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Referencenterval (2.5thPercentile,7.5thPercentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0, 136.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9, 58.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6, 187.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0, 738.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7, 280.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5, 47.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3, 123.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3, 141.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) withCA15-3 ≤ 15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) withCA15-3 ≤ 30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%) withCA15-3 ≤ 35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.5%</td></tr></table>

All Lumipulse G CA15-3 concentrations are presented in $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { U } m l }$

It is recommended that each laboratory establishes its own range, which may be unique to the population it serves depending upon geographical, patient, and environmental factors.

# N. Proposed Labeling

The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# O. Conclusion

The results of these analytical (nonclinical) and clinical studies demonstrate that the Lumipulse G CA15-3 assay is substantially equivalent to the performance of the ARCHITECT CA 15-3 assay.