June 25, 2020

Horiba ABX SAS   
Caroline Ferrer   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Parc Euromedecine, Rue du Caducee BP7290   
Montpellier Cedex 4, 34184France

Re: K192028 Trade/Device Name: Yumizen C1200 CRP Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5270 Regulation Name: C-reactive protein immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DCK Dated: July 25, 2019 Received: July 26, 2019

Dear Caroline Ferrer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ying (Katelin) Mao, Ph.D.   
Acting Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Yumizen C1200 CRP

Yii hu n he pla bsurbiimey.Meen  -reac disorders. This test should be used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teurnohoectiooationtatverhours ns,nc tm  eviw structins searh existig dat sursgather and maintain he dat needed an cpl an reviw the collection formation. Sen coments regarding this burden estimate  nyother e oir

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# SECTION 007 : 510(k) Summary of K192028

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1- Date of Summary Date submitted : $2 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ June, 2020

# 2- Company

HORIBA ABX SAS HORIBA MEDICAL Parc Euromédecine Rue du Caducée – BP 7290 34184 Montpellier cedex 4 France

3- Contact person Contact Person: Caroline Ferrer (caroline.ferrer@horiba.com) Telephone: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1843 Fax: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1517

4- Product Name Yumizen C1200 CRP (1300023877)

# 5- Device Name and Classification

• Intended use

The devices involved by the 510(k) submission file are the following:

# • Classification and Description

<table><tr><td>Device&#x27;s names</td><td>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>Yumizen C1200 CRP</td><td>Yumizen C1200 CRP reagent is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of the C-reactive protein in human serum and lithium heparin plasma based on an immunoturbidimetric assay. Measurement of C-reactive protein aids in evaluation of the amount of injury to body tissues and for evaluation of infections, tissue injury and inflammatory disorders. This test should be used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.</td></tr></table>

Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Device Class:   
Classification Name:   
Product Code:   
Panel:   
Yumizen C1200 CRP   
Class II / 510(k) required   
$\ S 8 6 6 . 5 2 7 0$ : C-reactive protein immunological test system   
DCK   
Immunology (82)

• In this submission, HORIBA Medical presents Yumizen C1200 CRP with the Conventional application.

• Predicate: K142993 : QuickRead go CRP on QuickRead go CRP Analyzer / Orion Diagnostica, Oy

• Comparator $:$ K051564 : CRP reagent model : CRP LATEX REAGENT OSR6199 on Olympus AU400 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer / BECKMAN COULTER

• This submission allows to evaluate the functionality of the Yumizen C1200 analyzer for immunology analytes (ie.immunoturbidimetry).

# 6- Substantial Equivalence Information

The following tables show the similarities and differences and demonstrates substantial equivalence between the candidate device and its predicate device identified below.

# a. Predicate Device Name and ${ \displaystyle 5 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) }$ number

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate510(k)number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickRead go CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Orion Diagnostica, Oy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K142993</td></tr></table>

The following tables show the similarities and differences and demonstrates substantial equivalence between the candidate device and its predicate device identified below.

# b. Yumizen C1200 CRP

Conventional method

# i. Comparison with predicate Device : Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s) :</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K142993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate K192028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device TradeName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuikRead Go CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 CRP (1300023877)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QuikRead go CRP test is animmunoturbidimetric assay for the in vitroquantitative determination of C-reactiveprotein (CRP) in K2-EDTA and lithiumheparin whole blood, K2-EDTA andlithium heparin plasma and in serumsamples.The test is carried out by means of theQuikRead go instrument. Measurement ofC-reactive protein aids in the evaluation ofinjury to body tissues, and infection andinflammatory disorders. The instrumentand assay are for use by trainedprofessionals in the clinical laboratory. Forin vitro diagnostic use only.Not for point-of-care use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 CRP reagent isintended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of the C-reactive protein in human serum andlithium heparin plasma based on animmunoturbidimetric assay.Measurement of C-reactive protein aidsin evaluation of the amount of injury tobody tissues and for evaluation ofinfections, tissue injury andinflammatory disorders. This test shouldbe used in conjunction with otherlaboratory and clinical findings.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoturbidimetry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-reactive protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DCK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 5 mg/L*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } 2 0$ to 60 years

# ii. Comparison with predicate Device: Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s) :</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K142993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate K192028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device TradeName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuikRead Go CRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 CRP (1300023877)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuikRead go Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yumizen C1200 Clinical chemistryAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex particles</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-human CRP F(ab)2 fragment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit anti-CRP antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serum,plasma (Li-Heparin,K2-EDTA),whole blood (Li-heparin, K2-EDTA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum,lithium heparin plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalMeasuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 200 mg/L: serum and plasma5 to150 mg/L: whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 to 160 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ERM-DA 474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRMM/ERM-DA472/IFCC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1: ~30 mg/LControl 2: ~70 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1: ~15 mg/LControl 2: ~80 mg/L</td></tr></table>

# 7- Special Control/Guidance Document Referenced

# a. Standards Followed

The following standards & FDA guidance documents have been used to support this submission:

# CLSI Guidelines:

CLSI EP05-A3:Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures– Third Edition - October 2014

CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures – Second Edition - June 2012 • CLSI EP06-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative measurement Procedures A Statistical Approach – First Edition – April 2003 CLSI C28-A3: Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical laboratory- Third Edition – November 2008 CLSI EP25-A : Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic reagents- First EditionSeptember 2009

# b. FDA Guidances Followed

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff : Review Criteria for Assessment of C-Reactive Protein (CRP), High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hsCRP) and Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (cCRP Assays) – Document issued on $:$ September 22, 2005

# c. References Cited

• Valtec guideline (Vassault et al., Ann. Biol. Clin., 1986, (44), 686-745

# 8- Device Description

Method

Yumizen C1200 CRP (Licensed for USP6, 248, 597/ USP6, 828, 158 and equivalent patents in other countries) is a latex-enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay developed to accurately measure CRP levels in serum and plasma samples for conventional CRP ranges.

When an antigen-antibody reaction occurs between CRP in a sample and anti-CRP antibody which has been sensitized to latex particles, agglutination results. This agglutination is detected as an absorbance change, with the magnitude of the change being proportional to the quantity of CRP in the sample.

The actual concentration is then determined by interpolation from a calibration curve prepared from calibrators of known concentration.

# • Reagent : composition and Description

Reagents Yumizen C1200 CRP is ready-to-use.

Reagent 1:   
Buffer solution: Glycine buffer solution   
Reagent 2:

Latex suspension: $0 . 2 0 \%$ w/v suspension of latex particles sensitized with anti-CRP antibodies (rabbit)

After measurements are taken, reagent cassettes should remain in the refrigerated tray.

■ Care should be taken not to interchange the caps with others cassettes.

■ Reagents with different lot numbers should not be interchanged or mixed.

This submission consists of the Yumizen C1200 CRP (1300023877) reagent for serum and plasma testing for Yumizen C1200 reagent CRP, the submission includes the controls Yumizen C1200 Level 1 Protein Control (1300023944) and Yumizen C1200 Level 2 Protein Control (1300023945) for use on Yumizen C1200 Analyzer. The submission for Yumizen C1200 reagent CRP also includes the corresponding calibrator Yumizen C1200 CRP Cal (1300023899) for use on Yumizen C1200 Analyzer.

# 9- Analytical Performance Characteristics

# 9.1 Measuring Range

LOQ

The limit of detection and quantitation was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP17-A2.

# Description of Test Procedure/Method

A range of low concentrations samples has been assayed following this conditions:

Two reagents lots   
One instrument system   
Five days   
Five samples   
Two run, four replicates per run per sample (for each reagent lot, each day)   
1 technician

Sample selection: Samples come from dilution of individual serum samples by commercial depleted serum.

# Linearity

The reagent linearity was determined according to CLSI guideline EP06-A.

# Description:

The linearity is evaluated using a range of samples, at different concentrations covering the desirable range, extended in the lowest and the highest ends.

Each level has been assayed 3 times.

The highest concentration sample used for this study is a pooled human sera sample spike with CRP stock solution.

The limit of quantitation and the linearity studies showed that claimed measuring range is appropriate.

# Results :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofquantitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity Evaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.42 to 150.78 mg/L.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 to 160 mg/L,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumPost-dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>up to 737.40 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>until 800 mg/L</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.42 - 150.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.026(1.005 - 1.047)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.33(-3.23  +0.58)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9972</td></tr></table>

# 9.2 Accuracy and Precision

Standards Followed CLSI document, EP5-A3

• Total Precision $:$ 20x2x2

# Study materials :

Yumizen C1200 Level 1 Protein Control   
Yumizen C1200 Level 2 Protein Control   
Pooled human sera, anonymous remnants of human sera specimens collected from routine clinical laboratory.

# Description of Test Procedure/Method

This evaluation was performed using 3 analyzers using 3 reagent lot.

The dedicated controls and 5 specimens covering the measuring range (low, medium and high) were tested in duplicate for 20 days, two series per day.

Within run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $9 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ . Total precision: CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $1 2 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and 5.0 $\%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.629</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.768</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.921</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.372</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.637</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.567</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.494</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

# Study materials:

- Yumizen C1200 Level 1 Protein Control   
- Yumizen C1200 Level 2 Protein Control   
- Pooled human sera, anonymous remnants of human sera specimens collected

from routine clinical laboratory

# Description of Test Procedure/Method

The experimental is:

One reagent lot   
Three instruments systems   
2 controls and 6 samples tested in triplicate for 5 days, two series per day. Calibrations are done at the beginning of the study.

Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $9 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $1 2 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and 5.0 $\%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.055</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.086</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.319</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.653</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.683</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.714</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.839</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.893</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

# Study materials:

- Yumizen C1200 Level 1 Protein Control   
- Yumizen C1200 Level 2 Protein Control   
- Pooled human sera, anonymous remnants of human sera specimens collected

from routine clinical laboratory

# Description of Test Procedure/Method

The experimental is:

Three reagent lot   
One instrument system   
2 controls and 6 samples tested in triplicate for 5 days, two series per day. Calibrations are done at the beginning of the study. Within Run : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $9 . 0 \%$ , $4 . 5 \%$ and $3 . 8 \%$ for serum   
Total Precision : CV limits, for the low, middle and high level are respectively $1 2 . 0 \%$ , $6 . 0 \%$ and 5.0 $\%$ for serum.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.273</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.273</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.438</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.341</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.493</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.552</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.696</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

The results are within the specifications.

# 9.3 Interferences

The Interferences were determined according to the CLSI guideline EP07-A2.

Study of the interferences from the hemolysis, triglycerides, icteria (total and direct bilirubin) samples and from Ascorbic Acid, Acetylsalicylic Acid, Ibuprofen, Acetaminophen, rheumatoid factor (RF), Erythromycin, Gentamycin, Ampicillin, Prednisone, Methotrexate, Etanercept, Simvastatin and Omeprazole on the CRP assay with the Yumizen C1200 CRP reagent on the Yumizen C1200.

# Description of Test Procedure/Method

Study materials: Pooled Human sera. Substances were added to the base sera at two different CRP concentrations (normal and high). The base sera with each substance was then serially diluted with the same base sera for which same volume of diluent was added instead of substance to adjust CRP concentration.

The acceptable bias is defined at $+ / - 1 0 \%$ of the value without interfering substances.

These data in the following table represent the highest values for which no interferences higher than $10 \%$ have been observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.77mmol/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>607μmol/</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.53 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.97mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.16 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.71 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.11 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.500μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methotrexate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Etanercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RheumatoidFactor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Up to 400 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

Study materials : Anticoagulant $:$ heparin-lithium Samples: individual donors from blood bank

# Description:

38 samples were evaluated on Yumizen C1200 analyser using Yumizen C1200 CRP reagent. For this study, each paired samples (sera and heparinized plasma) has been obtained from single donor.   
Only native samples have been used for this study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample (N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.09 133.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9398(0.8973  1.007)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3413 (-0.1611  +0.6459)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion :

The results show there is not significative difference between serum and plasma with heparin specimens   
$\mathrm { . > }$ coagulation does not have an impact on CRP determination.

# 9.5 Method comparison with a comparator device

Study materials :

Samples: Anonymous remnants of human serum specimens collected from routine clinical laboratory.

# Description:

This study has been carried out using recommendations found in the NCCLS (CLSI) EP-9A3 guidance.

These samples are in the candidate measuring range and comparator measuring range.

102 native samples have been assayed in duplicate, in ascendant order and descendant order on 6 working days.

Only the first replicate of each method will be used for the data analysis reported below.   
The equation for the regression line using Passing Bablok was obtained.

Passing Bablok

<table><tr><td>Sample (N)</td><td>Range (mg/L)</td><td>Slope (95%CI)</td><td>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td>R{2</td></tr><tr><td>102</td><td>5. 25144.48</td><td>0.9814 (0.9680  0.9976)</td><td>0.1305 (-0.1357  +0.6287)</td><td>0.998</td></tr></table>

8.6.1. Closed stability

The closed stability was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A.

Stability before opening: Stable up to the expiry date on the label if stored at $2 { \cdot } 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

CRP

The Shelf Life of Yumizen C1200 CRP is 24 months.

# 8.6.2 Open stability

The open stability was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP25-A.

On board reagent Stability:

The stability claim after opening, on-Board, is 8 weeks.

# 9.7 Reference range

The Reference Range was determined according to the CLSI guideline EP28-A3.

# CRP

# Serum

Adults data

80 “normal samples” from blood bank have been assayed with the method in evaluation. Each sample is assayed in duplicates.

The mean of the duplicate results for each subject was compared against reference ranges cited in literature. The verification studies support in the following reference ranges which were established through literature.

Adults: 20-60 years $< 5 \mathrm { m g / L }$

Reference.:   
Roberts WL, McMillin GA, Burtis CA, Bruns DE. Reference Information for the Clinical Laboratory, Tietz Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics; 4th Ed., Burtis CA, Ashwood ER, Bruns DE (Elsevier Saunders eds., St Louis, USA), (2006): 2263.

# 9.8 Proposed Labeling

The labeling is written as per the recommendations given in standard EN18113-2.   
It takes into account the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 9.9 Conclusions for Performance Testing

The performance testing data conclude that the safety and effectiveness of the devices are not compromised, and that they met all acceptance criteria, demonstrating that each device is substantially equivalent to its predicate device.