February 21, 2020

Roche Diagnostics Operations (RDO)   
Barbara McWhorter   
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250

Re: K192072 Trade/Device Name: Tina-quant C-Reactive Protein IV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5270 Regulation Name: C-reactive protein immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DCN Dated: August 20, 2019 Received: August 22, 2019

Dear Barbara McWhorter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Carolina Kagan   
Acting Chief, IMFB   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K192072

Device Name Tina-quant $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ C-Reactive Protein IV

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Tina-quan $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C-Reactive Protein IV is an immunoturbidimetric assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of CRP in human serum and plasma on cobas c systems.

A C-reactive protein immunological test system is a device that consists of the reagents used to measure by immunochemical techniques the C-reactive protein in serum and plasma. Measurement of C-reactive protein aids in evaluation of the amount of injury to body tissues.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbara Ann McWhorterPhone: (317) 521-2336FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: barbara.mcwhorter@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>January 10, 2020</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Reactive Protein</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-reactive protein immunological test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DCN, 21 CFR § 866.5270</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics C-Reactive Protein Gen.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics GmbH Mannheim, Germany: 9610126Roche Diagnostics GmbH in Penzberg, Germany: 9610529Roche Diagnostics Indianapolis IN, United States: 1823260</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV reagent will be a liquid ready to use 2 component particle enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay.

Reagents - working solutions

R1: TRIS\* buffer with bovine serum albumin; preservatives

R2 Latex particles coated with anti-CRP (mouse) in glycine buffer; immunoglobulins (mouse); preservative

\* TRIS $=$ Tris(hydroxymethyl)-aminomethane

The Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV assay will be based on the DUREL technology (dual radius enhanced latex - technology) which is also used in C-Reactive Protein Gen.3 predicate method. Human CRP agglutinates with latex particles coated with monoclonal anti-CRP antibodies. The aggregates are determined turbidimetrically.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV is an immunoturbidimetric assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of CRP in human serum and plasma on cobas c systems.

A C-reactive protein immunological test system is a device that consists of the reagents used to measure by immunochemical techniques the C-reactive protein in serum and plasma. Measurement of C-reactive protein aids in evaluation of the amount of injury to body tissues.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Table 1: Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV Technical Characteristics   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate C-Reactive ProteinGen.3k083444</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceTina-quant® C-Reactive ProteinIV k192072</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoturbidometric assay for the invitro quantitative determination of CRPin human serum and plasma on Rocheautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV is animmunoturbidimetric assay for the in vitroquantitative determination of CRP inhuman serum and plasma on cobas csystems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of C-reactive protein aidsin evaluation of the amount of injury tobody tissues.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A C-reactive protein immunological testsystem is a device that consists of thereagents used to measure byimmunochemical techniques the C-reactive protein in serum and plasma.Measurement of C-reactive protein aids inevaluation of the amount of injury to bodytissues.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Particle enhanced immunoturbidimetricassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">turbidimetric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche automated clinical chemistryanalyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas c 501 analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type/Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumPlasma: K2- or K3-EDTA, lithiumheparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator f.a.s. Proteins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-point spline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After reagent lot changeAs required following quality controlprocedures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- after reagent lot change- after 3 weeks on-board the analyzer- after 6 months when using a singlereagent lot- as required following quality controlprocedures</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precinorm ProteinPrecipath ProteinPreciControl ClinChem Multi 1PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precinorm ProteinPrecipath ProteinPreciControl ClinChem Multi 1PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability/Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardized against an internal methodtraceable to CRM 470 (RPPHS -Reference Preparation for Proteins inHuman Serum).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardized against the certifiedreference material in human serum of theIRMM (Institute for Reference Materialsand Measurements) ERM-DA474/IFCC.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life at 2-8 °C: See expiration dateon cobas c pack label.On-board in use and refrigerated on theanalyzer: 12 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 to 350 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 to 350 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Predicate C-Reactive ProteinGen.3k083444</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceTina-quant® C-Reactive ProteinIV k192072</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="18">Precision</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRP TControl N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecinormProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecipathProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecipathProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0702</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.167</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="3">Intermediate Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">186</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">331</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Intermediate Precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(mg/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRP TControl N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecinormProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecipathProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecipathProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0735</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.206</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">186</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanSerum 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">331</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">0.2 mg/L</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">0.3 mg/L</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">0.6 mg/L</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">3 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate C-Reactive Protein Gen.3 k083444</td><td>Candidate Device Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV k192072</td></tr><tr><td>Method Comparison: Predicate vs Candidate</td><td colspan="2">Passing Bablok: Y=0.985x+0.278 R=0.999 N=110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Interferences:</td><td>Min=3.06/Max=347 mg/L Serum Index: I=60 mg/dL H=1000 mg/dL L=1000</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>RH: no interference up to 1200 IU/mL Immunoglobulins: no interference up to 50 g/L</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Precision according to CLSI EP5-A3   
Detection Limit: LoB, LoD and LoQ according to CLSI EP17-A2   
Linearity according to CLSI EP6-A   
Interferences- L, H and I Indices   
Interferences – Albumin, Immunoglobulin (IgG) and Rheumatoid Factors   
Interference - Drugs   
Matrix Comparison - Anticoagulants   
Method Comparison to Predicate

All performance specifications were met.

# 4.1. Precision: Repeatability and Intermediate Precision (CLSI EP05-A3)

Precision measurements were conducted to evaluate repeatability (within-run precision) and the intermediate precision (within-laboratory precision) according the CLSI guideline EP05-A3.

The Tina-quant $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ C-Reactive Protein IV reagent was evaluated on a single cobas c 501 analyzer according to CLSI guideline EP05-A3. The protocol consisted of 4 human serum samples along with 2 controls (Precinorm Protein and Precipath Protein) which were analyzed in 2 parts for 21 days. Two aliquots of each sample were randomized and then analyzed on 3 lots of reagents. One operator performed all analysis along with utilizing 1 calibration throughout the 21-day study period.

Table 2: Repeatability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precipath Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.859</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0702</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Intermediate/Within Lab Precision Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precipath Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0735</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity (CLSI EP17-A2)

# 4.2.1. Limit of Blank (LoB)

LoB of the Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV assay was tested on 3 reagent lots. Ten aliquots of analyte free saline were analyzed on 1 Roche cobas c 501 analyzer in 6 runs over 3 days, for a total of $\Nu { = } 6 0$ determinations per lot.

Table 4: LoB   

<table><tr><td>Claimed LoB [mg/L]</td><td>Observed LoB [mg/L]</td></tr><tr><td>0.2</td><td>0.0700</td></tr></table>

# 4.2.2. Limit of Detection (LoD)

LoD of the Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV assay was tested on 3 reagent lots. Five samples of low analyte level human serum were analyzed, each with 2 aliquots, on 1 Roche cobas c 501 analyzer, in 6 runs, over 3 days, for a total of $\Nu { = } 6 0$ determinations per lot.

Table 5: LoD   

<table><tr><td>Claimed LoD [mg/L]</td><td>Observed LoD [mg/L]</td></tr><tr><td>0.3</td><td>0.137</td></tr></table>

# 4.2.3. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The LoQ of Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV assay was tested on 3 reagent lots. Nine low concentration human serum samples (in the range from LoB up to approximately 2 times the specified LoQ) were analyzed on 1 Roche cobas c 501 analyzer, in 5 runs, with 5 aliquots of each sample for a total of $_ { \mathrm { N } = 2 5 }$ determinations per sample per lot.

Table 6: LoQ   

<table><tr><td>Claimed LoQ [mg/L]</td><td>Observed LoQ [mg/L]</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>0.313</td></tr></table>

# 4.3. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range (CLSI EP06-A)

The dilution series was prepared from native unmodified human serum sample pools and then analyzed on using Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV reagent. The dilution series was prepared resulting in 15 levels (including the high and low concentration pools). The diluted samples spanned the measuring range including a non-zero sample below the low end of measuring range and a sample over the high end of measuring range. Each dilution level was measured in triplicate $\left( \mathtt { n } \geq 3 \right)$ .

Table 7: Linearity   

<table><tr><td>Sample type</td><td>Linear Regression</td><td>Claimed Measuring Range</td></tr><tr><td>Serum</td><td>y=1.002x-0.0169 Pearson correlation coefficient (R)=0.9994</td><td>3 to 350 mg/L</td></tr></table>

# 4.4. Endogenous Interference

# 4.4.1. L, H, and I Indices

The effect on quantitation of Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV in the presence of lipemia, hemolysis and bilirubin were determined at 2 levels, $5 { \mathrm { - } } 1 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / L }$ and $3 5 { \mathrm { - } } 1 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ c-reactive protein, utilizing a dilution set of the added interfering substances. Eleven level serial dilution sets were prepared. Each of the 11 interferent levels were measured in triplicate from low to high concentration. All dilution levels for each interferent were measured in 1 run. The mean concentration of the 3 replicates at each level was used to calculate recovery to the known creactive protein concentration.

Table 8: Interference – L, H and I Indices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimNo interference up to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 L Index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 H Index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 I Index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ditauro Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 I Index</td></tr></table>

# 4.4.2. Albumin, Immunoglobulin (IgG) and Rheumatoid Factors Interference

The effect on quantitation of Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV in the presence of albumin, IgG and rheumatoid factors were determined at 2 levels, $5 { \mathrm { - } } 1 0 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ and $3 5 { \mathrm { - } } 1 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ c-reactive protein, utilizing a dilution set of the added interfering substances. Eleven level serial dilution sets were prepared. Each of the eleven interferent levels were measured in triplicate from low to high concentration. All dilution levels for each interferent were measured in 1 run. The median concentration of the 3 replicates at each level was used to calculate recovery to the known creactive protein concentration.

Table 9: Interference – Albumin, Immunoglobulin $\mathbf { ( \mathbf { I } \mathbf { g } G ) }$ and Rheumatoid Factors   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimNo interference up to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RF Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

# 4.5. Exogenous Interferences – Drugs

The effect on quantitation of Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV in the presence of potentially interfering drugs were determined at 2 levels, $5 { \mathrm { - } } 1 0 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ and $3 5 { \mathrm { - } } 1 0 0 \ \mathrm { m g / L }$ c-reactive protein. One portion of each pool was spiked with the respective amount of drug and the other portion of the pool with solvent used to dissolve the drug, which was used for the baseline reference creactive protein concentration. The c-reactive protein mean concentration of both portions was determined in ${ \mathrm { N } } { = } 5$ results. The mean $\%$ Recovery was calculated when comparing the drug spiked portions to the c-reactive protein baseline reference mean concentration.

Table 10: Exogenous Interference - Drugs   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Up To With NoInterference (mg/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1660</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin-Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefoxitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000 IU/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levodopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa + 1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxycyclin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ticarcillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillamin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylbutazone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclosporine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

# 4.6. Sample Matrix Comparison

The effect on quantitation of c-reactive protein in the presence of anticoagulants with the Tinaquant® C-Reactive Protein IV reagent was determined on the cobas c 501 analyzer by comparing values obtained from native samples (single donors) drawn into serum, Li-Heparin, K2- and K3- EDTA plasma primary tubes.

Table 11: Sample Matrix Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range Tested [mg/L]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. Li-Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.029x -0.192, r = 0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.34 to 344</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. K2-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.024x - 0.201, r = 0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.34 to 344</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum vs. K3-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.024x - 0.258, r = 0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.34 to 344</td></tr></table>

# 4.7. Method Comparison to Predicate

A method comparison of the Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV on the cobas c 501 analyzer versus the predicate device, Roche Diagnostics C-Reactive Protein Gen.3 was completed. One hundred ten native, unaltered serum samples, were tested in 1 run on 1 cobas c 501 analyzer in singlet using 1 lot of reagent. All samples were also testing for icteric, lipemic and hemolytic interference via analyzer serum indices. Statistics were created using Passing/Bablok and weighted Deming regression analysis.

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan="2">Passing/Bablok Regression</td><td rowspan="2">Weighted Deming Regression</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Slope</td><td>0.985</td><td>0.979</td></tr><tr><td>Intercept</td><td>+0.278</td><td>+0.296</td></tr><tr><td>Correlation (Pearson)</td><td>0.999</td><td>0.999</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 4.8. Stability

The stability studies and acceptance criteria have been reviewed and found to be acceptable. The stability data supports Roche Diagnostic’s claims as reported on the package labeling.

# 5. FDA GUIDANCE

FDA Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: Review Criteria for Assessment of C-Reactive Protein (CRP), High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hsCRP) and Cardiac C-Reactive Protein (cCRP) Assays was followed in this 510(k) submission.

# 6. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Other Devices Required But Not Provided:

• Calibrator f.a.s Proteins, k133330   
• Precinorm Protein, k133330   
• Precipath Protein, k133330   
• PreciControl ClinChem Multi 1, k133330   
• PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2, k133330

There have been no changes to these items marketed with the new Tina-quant® C-Reactive Protein IV.