August 13, 2020

Ancestry Genomics, Inc. Raaj Venkatesan Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs 153 Townsend Street, Suite 800 San Francisco, California 94107

Re: K192944 Trade/Device Name: AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5950 Regulation Name: Genetic Health Risk Assessment System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PTA Dated: October 17, 2019 Received: October 18, 2019

Dear Raaj Venkatesan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K192944

Device Name AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test for Hereditary Thrombophilia uses qualitative genotyping to detect clinically relevant variants in genomic DNA isolated from human saliva collected from individuals 18 years and older with the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit for the purpose of reporting and interpreting Genetic Health Risks (GHR).

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Report for Hereditary Thrombophilia is indicated for reporting of the Factor V Leiden variant in the F5 gene. This report describes if a person has variants associated with a higher risk of developing harmful blood clots, but it does not describe a person's overall risk of developing harmful blood clots. This test is most relevant for people of European descent.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(K) SUMMARY

A. GENERAL INFORMATION

Submission Date:

October 17, 2019

# Submitter Information:

Submitted By:

Ancestry Genomics, Inc. 153 Townsend Street, Suite 800 San Francisco, CA 94107

Contact Person:

Raajdeep Venkatesan, MS, RAC, CMQ-OE, CBA, CQE Vice President of RA/QA   
Ancestry Genomics, Inc.

Alternate Contact Person:

Julie Wood Director of Quality Ancestry Genomics, Inc.

# B. PURPOSE FOR SUBMISSION

To obtain a substantial equivalence determination for the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test.

C. MEASURAND

Factor V Leiden c.1601G>A variant in the F5 gene

# D. TYPE OF TEST

Qualitative in vitro molecular diagnostic system

# E. APPLICANT

Ancestry Genomics, Inc.

# F. PROPRIETARY AND ESTABLISHED NAMES

AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test

# G. REGULATORY INFORMATION

Trade Name: Classification: Regulation: Regulation Name: Product Code: Panel:

AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test   
Class II   
21 CFR 866.5950   
Genetic health risk assessment system   
PTA   
Immunology

# H. INTENDED USE

See Indications for Use below.

# I. INDICATIONS FOR USE

1. Indications for Use:

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test for Hereditary Thrombophilia uses qualitative genotyping to detect clinically relevant variants in genomic DNA isolated from human saliva collected from individuals 18 years and older with the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit for the purpose of reporting and interpreting Genetic Health Risks (GHR).

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Report for Hereditary Thrombophilia is indicated for reporting of the Factor V Leiden variant in the F5 gene. This report describes if a person has variants associated with a higher risk of developing harmful blood clots, but it does not describe a person's overall risk of developing harmful blood clots. This test is most relevant for people of European descent.

2. Special Conditions for Use Statements:

a. For over-the-counter (OTC) use.   
b. This test is not a substitute for visits to a healthcare provider. It is recommended that you consult with a healthcare provider if you have any questions or concerns about your results.   
c. The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk (GHR) Test does not detect all genetic variants associated with Hereditary Thrombophilia. The absence of a variant tested does not rule out the presence of other genetic variants that may be disease-related.   
d. The test is intended for users $\geq 1 8$ years old.   
e. The test does not diagnose any specific health conditions. Results should not be used to make medical decisions.   
f. The laboratory may not be able to process a user’s sample. The probability that the laboratory cannot process a sample can be up to $3 \%$ (This estimate was obtained from samples processed in one lab only). If this happens, we will notify you by e-mail and you may request one free replacement kit to provide us with a new sample.   
g. A user’s race, ethnicity, age, and other lifestyle factors may affect how the genetic test results are interpreted.   
h. Subject to meeting the limitations contained in the special controls under regulation 21 CFR 866.5950.

3. Special Instrument Requirements:

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test is to be performed using the Tecan Evo and Illumina iScan instruments.

GenomeStudio Software is a modular software application that is used to view and analyze genotypic data obtained from the Illumina iScan System and based on the cluster definition file. AncestryDNA GHR software conducts a variety of control checks on the file, resulting in a final genotype profile for each sample. These data are used to generate test reports on a user’s genotype and associated risk of disease.

# J. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

A user’s saliva is self-collected using the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit, which consists of a sealable collection tube containing a stabilizing buffer solution. Once the sample is collected, it is shipped to one of two Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) certified laboratories for processing.

DNA is isolated from the saliva, quantified, and tested in a multiplex assay using a customized genotyping chip and instrumentation manufactured by Illumina. The multiplex assay simultaneously tests for more than 500,000 variants, including those for the indication proposed herein.

The raw data is generated using Illumina GenomeStudio software, and then sent to Ancestry Genomics (the Manufacturer). The data are analyzed using the Manufacturer’s proprietary GHR software, and a genotype is determined for each tested variant. The results for the Factor V Leiden variant are used to generate personalized reports for users that provide information about the disease associated with the detected variant.

Personalized reports are generated for each user that provide results of the testing performed. These reports tell the user which variant(s) has/have been detected in their sample and provide information on the risk of disease associated with the variant(s). If no variant was detected, that information is also provided. The personalized reports are designed to present scientific concepts to users in an easy-to-understand format. The reports provide scientifically valid information about the risks associated with the presence of a particular variant. The reports are designed to help users understand the meaning of their results and any appropriate actions that may be taken based on their results.

# K. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION

1. Predicate device name(s): 23andMe Personal Genome Service (PGS) Test

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): DEN160026

3. Comparison with predicate:

Table 5-1: Predicate Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Iable 5-1: Predicate Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AncestryDNA Factor V LeidenGenetic Health Risk Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23andMe Personal GenomeService Test(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K192944</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DEN160026/DEN140044</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The AncestryDNA Factor V LeidenGenetic Health Risk Report forHereditary Thrombophilia isindicated for reporting of the FactorV Leiden variant in the F5 gene. Thisreport describes if a person hasvariants associated with a higher riskof developing harmful blood clots,but it does not describe a person'soverall risk of developing harmfulblood clots. This test is most relevantfor people of European descent.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The 23andMe PGS Genetic HealthRisk Report for HereditaryThrombophilia is indicated forreporting of the Factor V Leidenvariant in the F5 gene, and theProthrombin G20210A variant in theF2 gene. This report describes if aperson has variants associated with ahigher risk of developing harmfulblood clots, but it does not describe aperson's overall risk of developingharmful blood clots. This test is mostrelevant for people of Europeandescent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecialConditions forUse Statements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a.For over-the-counter (OTC) use.b. This test is not a substitute forvisits to a healthcare provider. Itis recommended that you consultwith a healthcare provider if youhave any questions or concernsabout your results.C.  The AncestryDNA Factor VLeiden Genetic Health Risk Testdoes not detect all geneticvariants associated withHereditary Thrombophilia. Theabsence of a variant tested doesnot rule out the presence of othergenetic variants that may bedisease-related.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a. For over-the-counter (OTC) use.b. This test is not a substitute forvisits to a healthcare provider. It isrecommended that you consultwith a healthcare provider if youhave any questions or concernsabout your results.c. The 23andMe PGS Genetic HealthRisk Tests for HereditaryThrombophilia do not detect allgenetic variants associated withthe aforementioned diseases. Theabsence of a variant tested doesnot rule out the presence of othergenetic variants that may bedisease-related.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AncestryDNA Factor V LeidenGenetic Health Risk Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23andMe Personal GenomeService Test(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d.The test is intended for users ≥ 18years old.e.The test does not diagnose anyspecific health conditions.Results should not be used tomake medical decisions.f. The laboratory may not be able toprocess a user's sample. Theprobability that the laboratorycannot process a sample can beup to 3% (This estimate wasobtained from samples processedin one lab only). If this happens,we will notify you by e-mail andyou may request one freereplacement kit to provide uswith a new sample.g. A user's race, ethnicity, age, andother lifestyle factors may affecthow the genetic test results areinterpreted.h. Subject to meeting the limitationscontained in the special controlsunder regulation 21 CFR866.5950.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d. The test is intended for users ≥ 18years old.e. The test does not diagnose anyspecific health conditions. Resultsshould not be used to makemedical decisions.f. The laboratory may not be able toprocess a user's sample. Theprobability that the laboratorycannot process a sample can be upto 7.6%.g. A user's race, ethnicity, age, andsex may affect how the genetictest results are interpreted.h.Subject to meeting the limitationscontained in the special controlsunder regulation 21 CFR866.5950.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecialInstrumentRequirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The AncestryDNA Factor V LeidenGenetic Health Risk Test forHereditary Thrombophilia is to beperformed using the Tecan Evo andIllumina iScan instruments.GenomeStudio is a modular softwareapplication that is used to view andanalyze genotypic data obtainedfrom the Illumina iScan System andbased on the cluster definition file.AncestryDNA GHR softwareconducts a variety of control checkson the file, resulting in a finalgenotype profile for each sample.These data are used to generate testreports on a user's genotype andassociated risk of disease.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The 23andMe PGS Genetic HealthRisk Tests for HereditaryThrombophilia is to be performedusing the Tecan Evo and IlluminaiScan instruments.GenomeStudio is a modular softwareapplication that is used to view andanalyze genotypic data obtainedfrom the iScan. Coregen softwareconducts a variety of control checkson the file, resulting in a finalgenotype profile for each sample.These data are used to generate testreports on a user's genotype andassociated risk of disease.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test</td><td>23andMe Personal Genome Service Test (Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td>Classification</td><td>Class II</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Type of Test</td><td>Qualitative in vitro molecular diagnostic system</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Measurand</td><td>Factor V Leiden c.1601G&gt;A variant in the F5 gene</td><td>Factor V Leiden variant in the F5 gene, and the Prothrombin G20210A variant in the F2 gene</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Preparation Method</td><td>DNA extraction</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Sensitivity</td><td>The performance requirement for the AncestryDNA GHR has been set at a minimum of 1.53 ng/μL DNA and maximum of 50 ng/μL DNA.</td><td>The performance requirement for the PGS, has been set at a minimum of 15 ng/µL DNA and maximum of 50 ng/μL DNA.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Precision</td><td>100% correct genotype calls for all samples with a valid call across multiple sites, multiple days, using multiple operator teams, instrument combinations, and assay reagent lots tested with samples collected using multiple lots of the AncestryDNA Sample Collection Kit at both laboratory sites.</td><td>samples with a valid call across multiple days, operator teams, instruments, and reagent lots at both laboratory sites. Genotyping results produced 98.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Genotyping results produced 99.9% (2337/2340) replicates that were called correctly and 0.13% (3/2340) replicates that did not pass quality control acceptance criteria. Samples with failed quality control (FQC) on the first run are re-tested per</td><td>control acceptance criteria. Samples with failed quality control (FQC) on the first run are re-tested per laboratory SOPs; an anticipated rate of samples with 2 FQCs based on the reproducibility study data of cell line samples is 0.04% (0.020 x 0.020).</td></tr><tr><td>Endogenous Interfering Substances</td><td>N = 4 endogenous agents were tested in saliva: salivary α-amylase, hemoglobin, IgA, and total protein. There was no impact on test performance with all interferents tested.</td><td>N = 4 endogenous agents were tested in saliva: salivary α-amylase, hemoglobin, IgA, and total protein. There was no impact on test performance with all interferents tested.</td></tr><tr><td>Exogenous Interfering Substances</td><td>in saliva samples collected after performing the following actions: eating food containing beef, eating food not containing beef, drinking</td><td>N = 6 exogenous agents were tested in saliva samples collected after performing the following actions: eating food containing beef, eating food not containing beef, drinking</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AncestryDNA Factor V LeidenGenetic Health Risk Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23andMe Personal GenomeService Test(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">alcohol, chewing gum, usingmouthwash, and smoking.There was no impact on testperformance at the 30 minutetimepoint with all interferents tested.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">alcohol, chewing gum, usingmouthwash, and smoking.There was no impact on testperformance at the 30 minutetimepoint with all interferents tested.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MicrobialInterferingSubstances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N = 5 microbial agents were tested insaliva: Staphylococcus epidermis,Streptococcus mutans, Lactobacilluscasei, Actinomyces odontolyticus,and Candida albicans. There was noimpact on performance with allinterferents tested.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">From 23andMe Personal GenomeService Carrier Screening Test forBloom Syndrome (DEN140044):N = 5 microbial agents were tested insaliva: Staphylococcus epidermis,Streptococcus mutans, Lactobacilluscasei, A., and Candida albicans.There was no impact on performancewith all interferents tested.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparisonwith SangerBi-directionalSequencing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall agreement was 100%(198/198) with bi-directionalsequencing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall agreement was 100%(203/203) with bi-directionalsequencing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalPerformance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The genotype frequencies for FactorV Leiden in various US populationwere obtained from the 2018 ACMGreporting standard (Zhang et al.,2018): "In the United States, FactorV Leiden heterozygosity is present in5.1%, 2.0%, and 1.2% of Caucasians,Hispanics, and African Americansrespectively; the frequencies ofhomozygosity for the abovepopulations are 65, 10, and 4 per100,000 individualscorrespondingly."</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The minor variant frequency forFactor V Leiden in individuals ofEuropean descent reported inpublished literature is 3%-15%;technical (analytical) positivepredictive values for 23andMe PGStest results of CT and TT are ≥99.5% and ≥ 99.1 %correspondingly.The minor variant frequency forProthrombin G2021 0A inindividuals of European descentreported in published literature is 1%--3%; technical (analytical)positive predictive values for23andMe PGS test results of AG andAA are ≥ 98.6% and ≥ 97.2%correspondingly.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleCollectionDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit(K192947)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oragene Dx Ogd-500.001(K141410)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferingMutations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The potential interfering mutationsinclude rs770011773, rs773367113,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For Factor V Leiden the potentialinterfering mutations include</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test</td><td>23andMe Personal Genome Service Test (Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>and rs143663052. The impact of these mutations on the performance of the assay has not been evaluated.</td><td>rs760488939 and rs763859650. The impact of these mutations on the performance of the assay has not been evaluated.</td></tr></table>

# L. STANDARDS/GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS REFERENCED

Special Controls for Genetic Health Risk Assessment System, as detailed in 21 CFR 866.5950.   
• CLSI Guideline EP07-A3, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Third Edition. CLSI Guideline EP09-A3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline – Third Edition CLSI Guideline EP12-A2, User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance; Approved Guideline—Second Edition CLSI Guideline EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition. CLSI Guideline EP25-A, Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline.   
• CLSI Guideline EP37-A1, Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry.

# M. TEST PRINCIPLE

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test is performed by CLIA-certified laboratories using the BeadChip v10 assay (Illumina Infinium HumanOmniExpress-24 format chip) on the Illumina Infinium Platform. Samples collected using the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit are delivered to laboratories for testing and analysis. DNA from saliva is quantified and samples with DNA concentrations greater than or equal to the limit of detection $( 1 . 5 3 \mathrm { n g / \mu L } )$ and less than or equal to the maximum DNA concentration $( 5 0 \mathrm { n g / \mu L } )$ are eligible for further processing. These samples are fragmented and captured on a bead array by hybridization to immobilized variant-specific primers, followed by extension with haptenlabeled nucleotides. The primers hybridize adjacent to the variants and are extended with a single nucleotide corresponding to the variant allele. The incorporated hapten-modified nucleotides are detected by adding fluorescently labeled antibodies in several steps to amplify the signals. The Tecan Evo is used in extraction and processing of the DNA, and the Illumina iScan is used to scan and quantify the results. Genotypes are determined using the GenomeStudio software package and delivered to Ancestry Genomics for analysis using the AncestryDNA GHR software.

# N. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

The analytical and clinical studies conducted to support the intended use and substantial equivalence claim to the predicate device are summarized below. Execution of the analytical studies, clinical studies and genotyping using the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test was performed by a CLIA-certified laboratory on the Illumina Infinium array platform. Results were analyzed using the Illumina iScan System and Genome Studio software to generate genotypes and calculate call rates. The data was then delivered to Ancestry Genomics where AncestryDNA performed quality control of genotype results and associated the genotype variants to donor identification.

# 1. Analytical Performance

# a. Reproducibility/Precision

The purpose of this study was to determine the precision and reproducibility of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test at multiple sites, on multiple days, using multiple operator teams, instrument combinations, and assay critical reagent lots tested with samples collected using multiple lots of the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit (SCK). Execution of the study protocol and genotyping using the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test was performed at two (2) CLIA-certified laboratories (Lab 1 and Lab 2) on the Illumina Infinium array platform by six different operator teams (3 per laboratory) on eight instrument combinations (4 per laboratory).

Saliva samples were collected from nine donors with known Factor V Leiden genotypes as determined using bi-directional sequencing: three donors each with homozygous common, heterozygous, and homozygous rare. Each of the nine (9) donors provided 19 saliva samples into three lots of AncestryDNA SCKs. This study was performed over multiple days with three critical assay reagent lots for the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test evaluated in the Lab 1 and one critical assay reagent lot in the Lab 2 (MultiSample Amplification Master Mix (MSM), Fragmentation Solution (FMS), BeadChip, XP1 stain, and Two-Color Extension Master Mix (EML)). Genotyping with the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test was conducted over a minimum of six nonconsecutive starting days at Lab 1 and two non-consecutive days at Lab 2.

Each of the donor collections within a given AncestryDNA SCK lot were pooled and mixed, then returned to the AncestryDNA SCK tubes for double extraction. Replicates that did not pass sample call rate (SCR) QC in the first genotyping run underwent second, and when eligible, third genotyping run.

# Single Site Precision and Repeatability

At the Lab 1 testing site, repeatability (within-run) and intermediate precision (within laboratory, across days, operator teams, and lots) was performed. For the intermediate precision, each of three operator teams tested each of the nine donor DNA samples in singlicate 20 times over five non-consecutive dates for each of three critical reagent lots, across four different instrument combinations. For the within-run repeatability, each donor DNA sample was genotyped an additional four times on one plate (batch). Testing for this batch was performed by one operator team using one critical reagent lot and one instrument combination within a single day.

Summary of Lab 1 Within-Laboratory Testing Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNumber ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof “No-Calls&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof CallRate QCFailures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>537</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr></table>

\*All three (3) QC failures were from the same donor

Results from the within-run repeatability study are shown in the table below. There were no genotyping repeats.

Within-Run Repeatability Results from Lab 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totalnumber ofreplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofconcordantcalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof “No-Calls&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofcall rate QCfailures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

At the Lab 2 testing site, intermediate precision (within laboratory, across days, and operator teams) was performed. Each of three operator teams tested each of the nine donor DNA samples in singlicate 20 times over five non-consecutive dates using one critical reagent lot with four different instrument combinations.

Summary of Lab 2 Within-Laboratory Testing Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNumber ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof “No-Calls&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof CallRate QCFailures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

# Inter-laboratory Reproducibility

For the inter-laboratory reproducibility study, two saliva samples from each donor were extracted at Lab 1 and plated to DNA plates for processing. DNA samples were tested in triplicate at Lab 1 and at Lab 2. This resulted in 18 additional genotyping events per specimen (9 total replicates at Lab 1 and 9 total replicates at Lab 2).

The final genotyping results for the inter-laboratory reproducibility study $( \mathrm { n } { = } 2 )$ ) across two instrument combinations, six operator teams, and two different reagent lot combinations $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1$ per lab) is in the table below. The number of concordant calls includes replicates that pass call rate quality control and also have genotypes concordant with the expected genotype (bi-directional sequencing genotype result).

# Inter-Laboratory Reproducibility

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Numberof Replicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Number ofNo-Calls&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Number of CallRate QCFailures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>FQC (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

# Results by Site and Operator Team

The final genotyping results by site per operator team per genotype across four reagent lot combinations, eight different instrument configurations, and three AncestryDNA SCK lots is in the table below. The number of concordant calls includes replicates that pass call rate QC and have genotypes concordant with the expected genotype as determined by bi-directional sequencing.

Site and Operator Team Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site/OperatorTeam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedGenotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalNumber ofReplicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofNo-Calls"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofCall RateQC Failures*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proportionof FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 1Team 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">585</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">584</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 1Team 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">567</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">566</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site/OperatorTeam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedGenotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalNumber ofReplicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of"No-Calls"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofCall RateQC Failures*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proportionof FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 1Team 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">567</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">566</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 2Team 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 2Team 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 2Team 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All teams'totalscombined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG, GA,AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,340</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,337</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td></tr></table>

\* The heterozygous donor failures in each of the Lab 1 operator teams are from a single donor.

# Results by Site and Instrument Combination

The final genotyping results by site per instrument combination per genotype across four reagent lot combinations, six different operator teams, and three AncestryDNA SCK lots is in the table below. The number of genotype calls includes replicates that pass the QC call rate and have genotypes concordance with the expected genotype as determined by bi-directional sequencing.

Site and Instrument Combination Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site/InstrumentCombination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedGenotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalNumber ofReplicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Numberof “No-Calls"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofCall RateQC Failures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proportionof FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 1-Instrumentcombination A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 1-Instrumentcombination B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site/InstrumentCombination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedGenotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalNumber ofReplicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Numberof "No-Calls"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofCall RateQC Failures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proportionof FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">405</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">404</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 1-Instrumentcombination C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">405</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">403</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.49</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 1-Instrumentcombination D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">405</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">405</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 2-Instrumentcombination A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 2-Instrumentcombination B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 2-Instrumentcombination C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lab 2-Instrumentcombination D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All instruments'totals combined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GG, GA,AA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,340</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,337</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td></tr></table>

# Results by Site and Factor V Leiden Reagent Lot Combination

The final genotyping results by site per critical reagent lot combination per genotype across eight instrument combinations, six different operator teams and three AncestryDNA SCK lots. The number of genotype calls includes replicates that pass the QC call rate and have genotype concordance with the expected genotype as determined by bi-directional sequencing.

Site and Critical Reagent Lot Combination Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site/ReagentLotCombination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNumber ofReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofConcordantCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof “No-Calls&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofCall RateQC Failures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportionof FQC(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lab 1-Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>637</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lab 1-Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lab 1-Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>539</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lab 2-Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All reagent lots&#x27;totals combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG, GA,AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,337</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td></tr></table>

# Overall Percent Agreement $( O P A )$ for Repeatability and Genotyping

The OPA point estimates for repeatability exceeded the $9 9 \%$ predefined protocol acceptance criteria, and the OPA point estimates for each genotype exceeded the $9 9 \%$ predefined protocol acceptance criteria as seen in the table below.

Point Estimates for Overall Percent Agreement for Repeatability and Genotype   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concordant Replicates(total QC passing replicates)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Point Estimate PercentAgreement (%)(95% confidence interval)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,716 (1,716)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.79 - 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2 laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">621 (621)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.41  100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1operator team 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">584 (584)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.37−-100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1operator team 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">566 (566)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.35−100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1operator team 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">566 (566)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.35100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2 operator team 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207 (207)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (98.23−100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2operator team 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207 (207)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00(98.23—100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2operator team 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207 (207)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00(98.23−100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All operator teams</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,337 (2,337)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.84 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 instrument combination A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504 (504)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.27 --100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 instrument combination B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">404 (404)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.09  100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 instrument combination C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">403 (403)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.09 - 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 instrument combination D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">405 (405)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.09−100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2instrument combination A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216 (216)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (98.31-100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2instrument combination B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135 (135)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (97.30100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2 instrument combination C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135 (135)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (97.30—100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2 instrument combination D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135 (135)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (97.30 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All instrument combinations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,337 (2,337)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.84. 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 reagent lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">637 (637)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.42—100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 reagent lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">540 (540)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.32−100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 1 reagent lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">539 (539)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.32−100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lab 2 reagent lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">621 (621)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.41 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All reagent lot combinations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,337 (2,337)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.84 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run precision at Lab 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1617 (1617)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.77—100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run precision at Lab 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">540 (540)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.32—100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-run repeatability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 (45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (92.13—100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inter-lab data at Lab 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 (81)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (95.55—100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inter-lab data at Lab 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 (81)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00(95.55 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All "GG"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">780 (780)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.53 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All "GA"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">777 (777)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.53 100.00)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All "AA"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">780 (780)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00 (99.53−-100.00)</td></tr></table>

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test was evaluated at multiple labs, on multiple days, by multiple personnel teams, using multiple instrument combinations, and multiple reagent lots. The results demonstrate that the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test met the acceptance criteria for overall precision $\ge 9 9 \%$ point estimate, and for each genotype $\ge 9 9 \%$ agreement. The AncestryDNA SCK in combination with the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test consistently produced results that were in agreement with the true variant status, which was determined by bidirectional sequencing.

# b. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

Not applicable.

# c. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (controls, calibrators, or methods)

# Controls

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test uses one (1) control material, which serves as both the sample processing control and the reproducibility control. The control material is genotyped on the Illumina BeadChip according to routine SOPs at the laboratory. Each new lot of the control is tested by comparison with reference BeadChip genotype results.

The control was tested for shelf life stability when stored at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . This study is ongoing and performance will be evaluated against the pre-established acceptance criteria at 3-months and 4-months post-manufacturing. The interim data shows that the control is stable for a minimum of 1 month post-manufacturing.

The control was also tested for in-use stability. Data shows that the control has an in-use stability of 30 days from first opening.

# Reagent Stability

This study is ongoing, and performance will be evaluated against the pre-established acceptance criteria at 3-months, 6-months, 12-months, and 13-months postmanufacturing. The interim data shows that the critical assay reagents are stable for a minimum of 2 months post-manufacturing.

The storage condition and temperature for the critical reagents (all are single use) are listed in the table below.

Storage conditions and temperatures for the critical assay reagents   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Critical Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage temperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MSM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15°C to -25°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15°C to -25°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeadChip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X-Stain Plate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15°C to -25°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EML</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15°C to -25°C</td></tr></table>

# d. Analytical Sensitivity

Two studies were conducted to determine Analytical Sensitivity, one using saliva samples and one using cell line samples.

The study was designed around the regression (probit/logit) approach from section 5.5 of the CLSI EP17-A2 to determine Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD). Each sample was serially diluted to different DNA concentrations and genotyped using three (3) lots of critical reagents. To confirm the genotype call, each sample was also sequenced by bi-directional sequencing to determine the rates of correct genotype calls at each DNA concentration. The Limit of Detection (LoD) was defined as the lowest DNA concentration at which at least $9 5 \%$ of samples yielded the correct call.

# Limit of Blank Test Method

For the study using saliva samples, to establish the Limit of Blank (LoB), blanks consisting of molecular grade water and the standard volume of DNA stabilizing solution from the AncestryDNA SCK were extracted, quantified, and genotyped using three lots of critical reagents.

For the cell line study, blanks consisting of molecular grade water were quantified and genotyped using three lots of critical reagents.

# Limit of Detection Test Method

For the study using saliva, samples were collected from 15 donors with known Factor V Leiden genotypes as determined using bi-directional sequencing: five donors each with homozygous common, heterozygous, and homozygous rare. Samples were collected using the Oragene® Dx Collection Device, model OGD-500.001 (OGD) $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 )$ and the AncestryDNA SCK $( \mathrm { n } { = } 4 )$ . DNA extracted from each donor’s saliva samples were pooled to create a homogenous solution. The pooled DNA was used to create a two-fold dilution series, including a neat sample and four additional dilutions for a total of five samples per donor per genotype in the series. Six replicates of each dilution series were genotyped, two (2) replicates per critical reagent lot $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 3 )$ using the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test. Testing was performed under the standard protocol for the AncestryDNA GHR Test, except that each donor sample in the series was genotyped in duplicate per critical reagent lot. A total of 450 replicates were tested in the LoD study.

For the study using cell lines, four (4) cell lines with known Factor V Leiden genotypes as determined using bi-directional sequencing were used. DNA from each of the cell lines was diluted to generate one (1) four-fold dilution and six (6) two-fold dilutions. In addition, a neat sample was used for a total of eight (8) samples in each dilution series. The samples and water blanks were quantified by UV-Vis spectroscopy to determine DNA concentration and purity (A260/A280). A total of 27 replicates of each cell line dilution series were genotyped using the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Assay; three (3) replicates per critical reagent lot $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 3 )$ on three (3) testing days for a total of 216 data points per cell line. A total of 855 blank replicates were genotyped using the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Assay: 95 replicates per critical reagent lot $( \mathrm { n } { = } 3 )$ ) on three (3) testing days. Testing was performed by one (1) operator team using one (1) instrument line.

Based on both studies using saliva samples and cell line samples:

The $\mathrm { L o B } = 1 . 0 0 4 \ : \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ , based on the non-parametric rank method from section 5.3.3.1 of EP17-A2 to account for sources of measurement variability in the both UV-Vis spectrophotometry and the bead-based fluorescence assay.   
The $\mathrm { L o D } = 1 . 5 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ , a limit concentration that is statistically distinguishable from blank samples.   
The upper limit of concentration $= 5 0 \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ .

All genotyping attempts on samples containing the measurand with call rates $\geq 9 8 \%$ and concentrations between $1 . 5 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ and $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ produced genotypes concordant with bidirectional sequencing.

# e. Interfering Substances

The analytical specificity studies were designed using CLSI EP07 – Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Third Edition for determining potential interference with the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test. Endogenous, exogenous, microbial DNA, and mutational interferents were evaluated as part of the analytical specificity study.

# Endogenous Interference

Four potential common endogenous interferents were evaluated to determine the effect on the performance of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test as listed in the table below.

# Endogenous Interferent Concentrations

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Concentration (1x) in Saliva</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PBS (reference/control)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salivary α-amylase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>395 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.185 mg/mL Salivary α-amylase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44 mg/mL IgA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05 mg/mL human serum albumin</td></tr></table>

A total of ten saliva donors with unknown Factor V Leiden genotypes were utilized in the specificity study. A saliva sample from each donor was collected with the Oragene® Dx Collection Device, model OGD-500.001 (OGD) (K141410) and sent to a third party laboratory to determine the true variant status using bi-directional sequencing analysis. Each donor provided saliva samples into five AncestryDNA SCK Saliva Collection Tubes that were shipped to the laboratory. The endogenous substances were individually spiked into saliva prior to DNA extraction and genotyping (see above table). Saliva that was spiked with PBS served as the reference/control. The assay was executed by the same two (2) operators for each genotyping replicate. Two lots of the assay reagents were used during the execution of the study. Each sample was genotyped in triplicate for a total of 30 replicate genotyping attempts (3 replicates for each of 10 donors) per each interferent and 30 control replicate genotyping attempts (450 total initial genotyping attempts).

For each endogenous interferent, the acceptance criteria $67 \%$ agreement with true variant status for all samples that had passed quality control had been met. For all samples where the control samples passed QC, the concordance for all interfering substances was $100 \%$ , meeting the acceptance criterion of $\ge 9 5 \%$ agreement with true variant status for all controls and endogenous substances determined by bi-directional sequencing. The point estimate of overall percent agreement from each of the

endogenous interferents is provided in the table below. The results indicate that the performance of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test when tested from samples collected with the AncestryDNA SCK are not affected by the tested interferents.

Overall Percent Agreement for the Endogenous Interference Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement Point Estimate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PBS (reference/control)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salivary α-amylase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr></table>

# Exogenous Interference

Six potential exogenous interferents were evaluated to determine their effect on the performance of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test. The exogenous interference study included samples from non-smokers and smokers. The study was performed with nine lots of assay reagents. Saliva samples were collected from 10 nonsmokers in 15 AncestryDNA SCKs over the course of five (5) days. Each day, the donor performed one (1) of the five (5) activities (eating beef, eating chicken, drinking alcohol, chewing gum, or using mouthwash). The donors provided three (3) tubes per day as follows: before consuming the exogenous substance (control/baseline), immediately after, and 30-minutes after performing the activity. Saliva samples were also collected from 10 smokers into 3 AncestryDNA SCK per day as follows: before smoking (control/baseline), immediately after smoking, and 30-minutes after smoking. There was a total of 594 data points as summarized in the table below.

Overview of Exogenous Interferent Study Design   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exogenous Activity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Donor Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time Point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eating chicken</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drinking alcohol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Using mouthwash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eating beef</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chewing gum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Smoking</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td></tr></table>

For all samples where the control samples and replicates containing the interfering substances passed QC, the concordance for all interfering substances was $100 \%$ . This met the acceptance criterion $6 \% \geq 9 5 \%$ agreement with true variant status from bidirectional sequencing for all samples that have passed QC. Results indicate that the performance of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test when tested from samples collected with the AncestryDNA SCK are not affected by the tested interferents. The table below summarizes the overall percent agreement (OPA) point estimate calculated on genotyping events with control samples that passed QC for each interferent and time point.

Overall Percent Agreement for Exogenous Interferents   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Exogenous Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OPA Point Estimate(Concordant Replicates / Total QC Passing Replicates)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chicken</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (33/33)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alcohol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouthwash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beef</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (27/27)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Smoking</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr></table>

For the eating chicken and eating beef activities, a higher rate of QC failures for samples collected immediately after completing the activity (T0) when matched donor control samples passed QC was observed. Therefore, the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit will include in the labeling the following sentence as part of the saliva collection warning: “Do NOT eat, drink, smoke or chew gum for 30 minutes before giving your saliva sample”.

# Microbial Interference

Microbial DNA from five (5) different species (Staphylococcus epidermis, Streptococcus mutans, Lactobacillus casei, Actinomyces odontolyticus, and Candida albicans) were evaluated to determine its impact on the performance of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test. DNA from six (6) human cell lines was obtained for this study:

• Four cell lines were Factor V Leiden homozygous common (GG), • One cell line was Factor V Leiden heterozygous (GA), and • One cell line was Factor V Leiden homozygous rare (AA).

All cell lines were subjected to bi-directional sequencing by a third-party laboratory to verify the Factor V Leiden genotype as part of the study. DNA from each of the six human cell lines was spiked with two concentrations (low/normal $( 2 . 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / \mu L } )$ and high $\left( 1 2 . 5 \mathrm { n g / \mu L } \right)$ ) of the five different species of microbial DNA. Human cell line DNA spiked with buffer functioned as a spike-in control at both concentrations. Each of the human cell lines was spiked a total of 12 times (5 microbial interferents and a control at 2 levels per cell line). The resulting 72 DNA mixtures were genotyped in replicates of 6 using the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test, for a total of 432 genotyping results (6 cell lines ${ \textbf { \em X } } 6$ microbe/control x 2 concentrations ${ \textbf { \em X } } 6$ replicates $= 4 3 2$ ). One lot of reagent was used during the execution of the study.

Each sample and replicate, spiked with two levels of microbial interferent, and unspiked (spiked with PBS) was compared directly to bidirectional sequencing results. The assay produced concordant genotypes with bidirectional sequencing in all genotyping events. The point estimate of overall percent agreement (OPA) with true variant status from each condition is provided below. The Factor V Leiden GHR Test performs to the internal specifications and meets the study acceptance criteria of $a \ge 9 5 \%$ agreement with true variant status. The assay reproduced the true variant status, as determined by bidirectional sequencing, for each replicate that was tested, including all control genotyping replicates and all interferent-spiked genotyping replicates. The results indicate that there is no significant impact of common microbial interferents on the performance of the Factor V Leiden GHR Test in either low/normal or higher-than-average concentrations.

# Microbial Interferent Testing Results for Overall Percent Agreement

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Microbial Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OPA Point Estimate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low/Normal Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer (reference/control)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. epidermis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. mutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L. casei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A. odontolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td></tr></table>

# Mutational Interference

Nucleotide mutations were evaluated to determine the impact on the performance of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test. An in silico analysis was performed to identify nucleotide mutations that could potentially interfere with the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test within the genomic region that is one probe length (50 base pairs (bp)) downstream of the Factor V Leiden mutation (rs6025; NC_00000l.11: g.169549811G>A; NM_000130.4: c.1601G>A). The genome aggregation database (gnomAD database) was utilized to search for mutations in this region. Only mutations that have been observed in more than one individual were evaluated. Three potentially interfering mutations were identified as summarized in below. These mutations are located within one (1) probe length of the Factor V Mutation and have an allele count ${ > } 1$ The impact of these mutations on the performance of the assay has not been evaluated.

Summary of Identified Potentially Interfering Mutations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rsID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChromosomePosition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TranscriptConsequence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Annotation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlleleCount</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlleleFrequency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rs770011773</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g.169549812</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c.1600C&gt;T</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stop Gained</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00001062</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rs773367113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g.169549835</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c.1577G&gt;A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MissenseVariant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000007073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rs143663052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g.169549848</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c.1564C&gt;G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MissenseVariant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00004951</td></tr></table>

Two (2) mutations that were classified as potentially interfering in the predicate submission (DEN160026), rs760488939 and rs763859650, will not interfere in the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test since their genomic location is greater than 50 bp (one probe length) from rs6025. These potentially interfering mutations cannot be empirically tested due to the absence of independent probes on the array.

# f. Assay Cut-off

Not Applicable.

# g. Specimen Stability

Saliva samples for testing are collected with the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit.   
See K192947 for sample stability information.

# h. Shipping Stability

Saliva samples for testing are shipped in the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit. See K192947 for sample shipping stability information.

# 2. Comparison Studies

# a. Method Comparison with the Predicate

The accuracy of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test was established by comparing the results of the test to the true variant status as determined by bi-directional sequencing analysis at a third-party laboratory.

Saliva samples were collected from 209 donors with known Factor V Leiden genotypes: 200 initial study donors plus nine alternate study donors. The genotypes of the donors as determined by bi-directional sequencing were 73 homozygous common, 69 heterozygous, and 67 homozygous rare. Samples were collected using Oragene Dx Ogd500.001 (OGD) and the AncestryDNA SCK.

Each sample collected using the OGD device was subjected to bi-directional sequencing by a third-party laboratory to verify the Factor V Leiden genotype, Each donor sample collected using the AncestryDNA SCK was used in the accuracy study with the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test.

Of the 200 samples initially genotyped, 185 passed the first pass genotyping quality control sample-level call rate (SCR) of $\geq 9 8 \%$ and 15 did not $( < 9 8 \% )$ . Nine alternate samples were added to the sample cohort, all of which passed the first pass genotyping SCR of $\ge 9 8 \%$ . Of the 15 samples that were regenotyped, four passed SCR quality control in second pass genotyping attempts, and 11 failed SCR quality control in the second pass genotyping attempt and were not eligible for a third genotyping attempt based on sample call rate criteria. The table below summarizes the distribution of the 11 FQC samples by genotype

Distribution of the 11 FQC samples by genotype   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Number ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofFQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 - 13.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 - 12.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 - 14.2</td></tr></table>

The table below summarizes the genotype counts for all samples passing SCR quality control for the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test and the genotyping results for the bi-directional sequencing. Zero (0) ‘no-call’ events were observed in any of the samples that passed quality control.

Comparison of the Genotyping Results for Bi-directional Sequencing and AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AncestryDNA Factor VLeiden GHR Genotypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bi-directional Sequencing Genotypes</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>00 (no-call)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td></tr></table>

For all samples that passed quality control, the overall percent agreement and the percent agreement for each genotype with bi-directional sequencing genotypes was $100 \%$ as outlined below.

Percent Agreement and Confidence Intervals for AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test Genotypes   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed/Expected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69/69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64/64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All genotypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198/198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2100%</td></tr></table>

The calculated rate point estimate of no-call events and $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals below were based on a binomial distribution between genotypes obtained from donors using the AncestryDNA SCK with the AncestryDNA Factor $\mathrm { V }$ Leiden GHR Test and using the Oragene Dx Ogd-500.001 (OGD) for bi-directional sequencing.

Estimated Rate of No-Call Events for the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Event</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate Point Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No-call</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 1.8%</td></tr></table>

The calculated overall percent agreement and $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals below were based on a binomial distribution between genotypes obtained from donors using the AncestryDNA SCK with the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test and using the Oragene Dx Ogd-500.001 (OGD) for bi-directional sequencing.

Overall Percent Agreement and Confidence Interval for Genotypes Obtained Using AncestryDNA SCK Compared to OGD   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion ConcordantGenotypes(AncestryDNA SCK vs. OGD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype OPA BetweenSaliva Collection Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198/198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2 - 100%</td></tr></table>

The genotype frequencies for Factor $\mathrm { V }$ Leiden in various US population were obtained from the 2018 ACMG reporting standard (Zhang et al., 2018): “In the United States, factor V Leiden heterozygosity is present in $5 . 1 \%$ , $2 . 0 \%$ , and $1 . 2 \%$ of Caucasians, Hispanics, and African Americans respectively; the frequencies of homozygosity for the above populations are 65, 10, and 4 per 100,000 individuals correspondingly.”

In the accuracy study for the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test, point estimates of $\mathrm { P A } ( \mathrm { G G } | \mathrm { G G } ) = \mathrm { P A } ( \mathrm { G A } | \mathrm { G A } ) { = } \mathrm { P A } ( \mathrm { A A } | \mathrm { A A } ) = 1 0 0 { \% }$ . The point estimate for the Technical Positive Predictive Value (TPPV) for such a scenario is $100 \%$ for both heterozygotes and homozygotes. While this point estimate may have larger uncertainty about the TPPV than an estimate from a larger test population, no discordant genotypes were observed in any of the 198 genotyping events that passed quality control.

For all samples that passed SCR quality control $( 1 9 8 / 2 0 9 , 9 5 \% )$ , the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test genotypes were $100 \%$ concordant with true variant status, determined by bi-directional sequencing. This result met the predefined protocol acceptance criterion of $\geq 9 9 \%$ agreement with true variant determination overall and per genotype tested.

# b. Matrix Comparison

Not applicable.

# 3. Clinical Studies

# a. Clinical Performance

# Odds ratios

Odds ratios are available in the meta-analyses performed by Simone et al. (2013). Odds ratios adjusted for age and sex using logistic regression and $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals for each variant status are given below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor V Leiden variant status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Odds ratio (95% confidence interval)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One copy, heterozygote</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22 (3.35  5.32)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two copies, homozygote</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.45 (6.79 - 19.29)</td></tr></table>

# Likelihood ratios and post-test risk

Likelihood ratios $( L R )$ were obtained using the raw distribution data from the metaanalyses in Simone et al. (2013).

Post-test risk $( R _ { p o s t } )$ was calculated from the likelihood ratios and using a pre-test risk $( R _ { p r e } )$ of $1 1 \%$ from the 2018 ACMG Venous thromboembolism laboratory testing standard (Zhang, 2018). Likelihood ratios and $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals calculated using a normal approximation are listed in the table below along with the post-test risk calculated using the relationship $R _ { p o s t } / ( 1 - R _ { p o s t } ) = L R \left[ R _ { p r e } / ( 1 - R _ { p r e } ) \right]$ :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FVL variantcount(genotype)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Case/control distribution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%confidenceinterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post-testrisk</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 variants(homozygouscommon /wild type)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,758 cases and 1,201 controlsamong 2,959 Factor V Leidencarriers. 7,323 cases and 16,312controls among 23,635 wild typeindividuals.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86 - 0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 variant(heterozygous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,758 cases and 1,201 controlsamong 2,959 Factor V Leidencarriers. 7,323 cases and 16,312controls among 23,635 wild typeindividuals.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.64  3.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 variants(homozygousrare)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92 cases and 24 controls among 116Factor V Leiden homozygousindividuals. 4,524 cases and 11,643controls among 16167 wild typeindividuals.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.19 - 15.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54%</td></tr></table>

Note that the likelihood ratio lower bounds for heterozygotes and homozygotes are greater than one, indicating that the post-test risk is significantly greater than the pre-test risk.

# References:

1. Zhang, Shulin, et al. "Venous thromboembolism laboratory testing (factor V Leiden and factor II c.\* 97G> A), 2018 update: a technical standard of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG)." Genetics in Medicine 20.12 (2018): 1489.   
2. Simone, Benedetto, et al. "Risk of venous thromboembolism associated with single and combined effects of Factor V Leiden, Prothrombin 20210A and Methylenetethraydrofolate reductase C677T: a meta-analysis involving over 11,000 cases and 21,000 controls." (2013): 621-647.

# b. User Comprehension Studies

Ancestry Genomics sponsored two studies to assess user comprehension of the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden GHR Test’s Genetic Health Risk (GHR) reports.

The first user comprehension study, Study 1, was designed across all report types using a post- test administered questionnaire. Hence, a second study, Study 2, was designed to assess comprehension across the two most challenging reports and evaluate comprehension using a pre-test and post-test administered questionnaire.

In both studies, a Genetic Risk Education Module was developed to provide eligible participants with a brief overview of genetics in order to prepare them for review of the GHR report and explain the significance of genetic risk reports. Participants were representative of the intended use population: adults aged 18 years and older in the U.S. Participants were recruited to match the demographics (education, age, sex/gender, and race/ethnicity) of the adult U.S. population as of the most recent estimates released by the U.S. Census Bureau. Geographic diversity was addressed through participant recruitment and comprehension testing from each of the four U.S. Census geographic regions: Northeast, Midwest, South, and West.

In Study 1, a total of 378 individuals were enrolled as participants into each of four study arms, one for each of the GHR report types:

1. 0 Variants Identified   
2. 1 Variant Identified   
3. 2 Variants Identified   
4. Result Not Determined

In Study 2, a total of 213 individuals were enrolled as participants into each of two study arms, one for each of the following two GHR report types:

1. 1 Variant Identified   
2. Result Not Determined

Both user comprehension studies were performed on the different types of the GHR reports developed using representative samples of the materials below (“supplemental materials”).

# Supplemental Materials

Education Module including definition of terms,   
• Pre-purchase page,   
• Frequently Asked Questions, and Technical Details.

The representative samples were developed by Ancestry Genomics based on FDA guidance for medical device patient labeling and designed for readability no higher than $8 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ grade reading level using a Flesch-Kincaid Readability Test. The representative samples were reviewed by a Certified Genetic Counselor to confirm that the materials tested accomplished the following:

Defined the target condition being tested and related symptoms, • Explained the intended use and limitations of the test, Explained the relevant ethnicities in regard to the variant tested, • Explained genetic health risks and relevance to the user’s ethnicity, and • Assessed participants’ ability to understand the following comprehension concepts: the test’s limitations, purpose, appropriate follow-up action, test results, ethnic relevance and other risk factors that may have an impact on the test results.

In Study 1, which was conducted in-person, participants were observed discretely, and each interview session was administered by a trained interviewer/moderator using a series of predefined questions. Participants were given a time limit from start of report review to completion of the comprehension survey. There was a $100 \%$ response rate for all questions for all participants included in the data analysis. Failing to respond to numerous items in the questionnaire was one of the criteria used to identify participants for exclusion from data analysis.

In Study 2, which was conducted via live televideo interviews, participants were observed via live video, and each interview session was administered online by a trained interviewer/moderator using a series of predefined questions. Participants were first administered a pre-test questionnaire prior to being shown any of the representative samples. Participants were then given a time limit from start of report review to completion of the post-test questionnaire. There was a $100 \%$ response rate for all questions for all participants included in the data analysis. Failing to respond to numerous items in the questionnaire was one of the criteria used to identify participants for exclusion from data analysis. All pre-test questions were repeated again in the posttest questionnaire to assess pre-test vs post-test improvement.

The table below summarizes comprehension scores in Study 1 for each core concept evaluated by report type and for the overall comprehension rate. The average comprehension rates per core comprehension concept range from $9 0 . 7 \%$ to $9 7 . 4 \%$ for all subjects who participated in the study.

Study 1 - Overall User Comprehension Rates for Factor V Leiden GHR Reports   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CoreConcept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Comprehension Rates by GHR Report Type (%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallComprehensionRates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result NotDetermined</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AppropriateFollow-Up Action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethnic Relevance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Risk Factors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purpose of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Number ofReports</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 378</td></tr></table>

The table below summarizes comprehension scores in Study 2 for each core concept evaluated by report type and for the overall comprehension rate. The average comprehension rates per core comprehension concept range from $9 0 . 9 \%$ to $9 9 . 1 \%$ for all subjects who participated in the study.

Study 2 - Overall User Comprehension Rates for Factor V Leiden GHR Reports   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CoreConcept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comprehension Rates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> GHR Report Type (%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallComprehensionRates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Not Determined</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AppropriateFollow-Up Action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethnic Relevance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Risk Factors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purpose of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Number ofReports</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 213</td></tr></table>

The acceptance criteria were met for both User Comprehension Studies which stated $\geq$ $90 \%$ comprehension score for each of the domains evaluated: test results, test purpose, test limitations, appropriate follow-up action, ethnic relevance, and other risk factors that may impact the test results. In addition, the overall comprehension score across all GHR reports was $9 3 . 2 \%$ for Study 1 and $9 6 \%$ for Study 2.

In addition, Study 2 was able to show that there was an improvement in comprehension between pre-test versus post-test. The table below shows the pre-test versus post-test statistical comparison by comprehension concept.

User Comprehension by Comprehension Concept Pre- to Post-Test Statistical Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComprehensionConcept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-test (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post Test (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Improvement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purpose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Risk Factors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethnic Relevance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001</td></tr></table>

# c. Expected Values/Reference Range

Not applicable.

# O. INSTRUMENT NAME

Illumina iScan BeadChip scanner with GenomeStudio software

# P. SYSTEM DESCRIPTION

1. Modes of Operation:

The Illumina iScan is a table top laser-based, high-resolution optical imaging system that produces genotype information for up to 4 beadchips/beadchip carrier. Carriers are loaded into the instrument through an Autoloader2.

# 2. Software:

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and software development processes for   
this line of product types:   
Yes __X__ or No

Level of Concern: Moderate

# Software Description:

Illumina iScan System with iScan Control Software and Genome Studio performs the following:

iScan Control Software drives the iScan hardware in Beadchip scanning and image data generation.   
• GenomeStudio software allows viewing and analyzing of genotypic data obtained from the iScan. Processing includes primary data analyses, such as raw data normalization, clustering, and genotype calling. To ensure data quality, the software performs internal controls and data quality control checks.   
• AncestryDNA GHR software takes raw data and putative genotype calls from the PED file received from the laboratory and generates the final analytical genotype information for each sample.

Revision Level History: A software revision history record for the AncestryDNA GHR software was acceptable.

Unresolved Anomalies: There are no known unresolved anomalies associated with the system software.

EMC Testing: Not applicable.

# 3. Specimen Identification

Users must register their saliva collection kit, linking their saliva sample to a secure online account with a valid email address through a unique activation code, in order to use the test. The activation code is matched to records of kits shipped to consumers to ensure it is a valid kit. A timestamp of the user completing the entries to activate the kit is recorded.

# 4. Specimen Sampling and Handling

Saliva samples should be collected using the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit. The recommended volume of saliva is $1 \mathrm { m L }$ . Saliva is collected directly by the user spitting into the provided Saliva Collection Tube via the pre-installed funnel. After providing saliva, the user is instructed to remove the funnel and screw on tightly the provided cap. Affixing the cap by screwing on releases the stabilization solution. The saliva sample can be immediately processed, transported, or stored for future use. Device and sample integrity are preserved during typical ambient transport and storage conditions for up to 12 months.

# 5. Calibration

Calibration and calibration verification procedures are established to demonstrate continued accuracy of the test systems.

# 6. Quality Control

The AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test uses one (1) control material, which serves as both the sample processing control and the reproducibility control. The control material is genotyped on the Illumina BeadChip according to routine SOPs at the laboratory. Each new lot of the control is tested by comparison with reference BeadChip genotype results.

The sample processing control is run on every sample genotyping plate and the reproducibility control is run approximately once per week.

# Q. OTHER SUPPORTIVE INSTRUMENT PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS DATA NOT COVERED IN SECTION N, “PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS,” ABOVE

Refer to the AncestryDNA Saliva Collection Kit 510(k) (K192947) for saliva collection device details and study results.

# R. PROPOSED LABELING

The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Parts 801 and 809 as well as the Special Controls for a Genetic Health Risk Assessment System.

# S. CONCLUSION

The results of the analytical studies submitted in this 510(k) Premarket Notification are complete and demonstrate that the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test meets the established specifications necessary for consistent performance during the intended use of reporting the Factor V Leiden variant in the F5 gene. The results support a decision that the AncestryDNA Factor V Leiden Genetic Health Risk Test is substantially equivalent to the predicate.