December 23, 2020

Helix OpCo, LLC   
Gloria Lee   
Senior Director Regulatory Affairs   
96 Colbeck Street   
Toronto, M6S1 V2 Ontario Canada

Re: K192073 Trade/Device Name: The Helix Genetic Health Risk app for late-onset Alzheimer's disease Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5950 Regulation Name: Genetic health risk assessment system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PTA Dated: July 31, 2019 Received: August 2, 2019

Dear Gloria Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ying (Katelin) Mao   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k192073

Device Name Helix Genetic Health Risk App for late-onset Alzheimer\*s disease

Indications for Use (Describe)

T H isolated from human saliva collected from individuals $\geq \mathtt { \mathtt { 1 8 } }$ years with Oragene $\textcircled{8}$ Dx OGD-610 for the purpose of reporting and interpreting Genetic Health Risks (GHR):

T ndnav e ue hav be udeo  p European descent.

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App (HRA) is to be used with the Helix Laboratory Plafform.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time orhis collection inormation sestimated to average7hours per esponse,includi e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: K192073

Submitter / Company

Helix OpCo LLC (Head Office)   
101 S Ellsworth Avenue, Suite 350   
San Mateo, CA94401   
www.helix.com

Company Contact Gloria Lee, Ph.D. Sr. Director Regulatory Affairs gloria.lee@Helix.com Phone: 647-248-2577

Date Prepared December 1, 2020

# 5.1 Regulatory Information

Table 5.1 Proposed new device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Submission:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traditional 510k</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common/ Usual Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helix Genetic Health Risk App</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genetic Health Risk Assessment System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genetic health risk assessment system is a qualitative in vitro moleculartest that detects variants in genomic DNA isolated from human specimens.This assessment system provides users with a genetic health riskassessment of developing a disease and is intended to inform users oflifestyle choices and/or encourage conversations with a healthcareprofessional. This assessment system is for over-the-counter use. Thisdevice does not determine the person's overall risk of developing adisease.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.5950</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device:</td><td>23andMe PGS Genetic Health Risk Report for Late-onset Alzheimer's Disease</td></tr></table>

# 5.2 Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App (HRA) uses qualitative genotyping to detect clinically relevant variants in genomic DNA isolated from human saliva collected from individuals ${ \ge } 1 8$ years with Oragene®•Dx OGD-610 for the purpose of reporting and interpreting Genetic Health Risks (GHR):

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App (HRA) for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease is indicated for reporting of the e2/e2, e2/e3, e3/e3, e2/e4, e3/e4 and ${ \tt e 4 } / { \tt e 4 }$ genotypes in the APOE gene. The report describes if a person's genetic result is associated with an increased or decreased risk of developing late-onset Alzheimer’s disease. The e2 and e4 variants included in this report are found and have been studied in many ethnicities. Detailed risk estimates have been studied the most in people of European descent.

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App (HRA) is to be used with the Helix Laboratory Platform.

# 5.4. Substantially Equivalent Predicate Device

See Table 5.2 for list of similarities and differences with the predicate device.

Table 5.2 Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helix Genetic HealthRisk App for late-onsetAlzheimer's disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23andMe PGS GeneticHealth Risk Report forLate-onset Alzheimer'sDisease (DEN160026)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities andDifferences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indications for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Helix GeneticHealth Risk App(HRA) uses qualitativegenotyping to detectclinically relevantvariants in genomicDNA isolated fromhuman saliva collectedfrom individuals ≥18years withOragene®•Dx OGD-610 for the purpose ofreporting and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The 23andMe PersonalGenome Service (PGS)Test uses qualitativegenotyping to detect thefollowing clinicallyrelevant variants ingenomic DNA isolatedfrom human salivacollected fromindividuals ≥18 yearswith the Oragene Dxmodel OGD-500.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">interpreting GeneticHealth Risks (GHR):The Helix GeneticHealth Risk App(HRA) for late-onsetAlzheimer's disease isindicated for reportingof the e2/e2, e2/e3,e3/e3, e2/e4, e3/e4 ande4/e4 genotypes in theAPOE gene. The reportdescribes if a person'sgenetic result isassociated with anincreased or decreasedrisk of developing late-onset Alzheimer's</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">for the purpose ofreporting andinterpreting GeneticHealth Risks (GHR)The 23andMe PGSGenetic Health RiskReport for Late-onsetAlzheimer's Disease isindicated for reportingof the e4 variant in theAPOE gene. The reportdescribes if a person'sgenetic result isassociated with anincreased risk ofdeveloping Late-onsetAlzheimer's Disease,but it does not describea person's overall riskof developingAlzheimer's Disease.The e4 variant includedin this report is foundand has been studied inmany ethnicities.Detailed risk estimateshave been studied themost in people ofEuropean descent.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">onset Alzheimer'sdisease. The e2 and e4variants included in thisreport are found andhave been studied inmany ethnicities.Detailed risk estimateshave been studied themost in people ofEuropean descent.The Helix GeneticHealth Risk App(HRA) is to be usedwith the HelixLaboratory Platform.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">onset Alzheimer's</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Population</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">≥ 18 years old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 18 years old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of Results</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">For over-the-counteruse (OTC). Specializedinterpretation by aphysician not required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counteruse (OTC). Specializedinterpretation by aphysician not required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Factors</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">User comprehensiontesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User comprehensiontesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibility with theenvironment and otherdevices</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">NA - it is a softwareapplication to beviewed on a mobilephone or desktop</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA - it is a softwareapplication to beviewed on a mobilephone or desktop</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">computer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">computer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software applicationthat includes productinformation page, e-commerce (registrationand order DNA kit),secure login, downloadgenetic report.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software applicationthat includes productinformation page,ecommerce(registration and orderDNA kit), secure login,download geneticreport.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen CollectionKit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA Genotek Inc.,Oragene®·Dx (OGD-610</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA Genotek Inc.,Oragene®·Dx(OGD500.001)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variants detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The APOE e2, e3, ande4 alleles at rs429358and rs7412 SNPs.rs429358 is a SNP atpositionchr19::44908684(GRCh38).rs7412 is a SNP atpositionchr19:44908822(GRCh38).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only reports at APOEe4, and looks atrs429358 SNPs thatdefine APOE e4.The 23andMe PGSGenetic Health RiskReport for Late-onsetAlzheimer's Diseaseonly looks at: rs429358is a SNP at positionchr19:NC_000019.10:g.44908684 (GRCh38)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sequencing Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helix LaboratoryPlatform, sequencingand pipeline analysis(authorized underDEN190035</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tecan Evo IlluminaiScanIllumina InfiniumBeadChip genotypingchip customized for thePGS. The chip isdesigned to detectspecific singlenucleotidepolymorphisms (SNPs)as well as other geneticvariants; all markersrefer to specificpositions in theNational Center forBiotechnologyInformation (NCBI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">reference humangenome.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helix BioinformaticsPipeline (authorizedunder DEN190035)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genome StudioCoregen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Next GenerationSequencing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microarray genotyping</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr></table>

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease is intended for over-thecounter, direct-to-consumer use without prescription or physician order. When a customer purchases the Helix Genetic Health Risk App for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease, the customer must first opt-in to receive the late-onset Alzheimer’s disease risk report. As instructed in predicate device authorization DEN160026, similar healthcare provider limitations applicable to results for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease are included in the package insert:

● This test is not intended to diagnose a disease, determine medical treatment or other medical intervention, or tell the user anything about their current state of health. This test is intended to provide users with their genetic information, which may inform health-related lifestyle decisions and conversations with their doctor or other healthcare professional. Any diagnostic or treatment decisions must be based on confirmatory prescription testing and/or other information that you determine to be appropriate for your patient, such as additional clinical testing and other risk factors that may affect individual risk and health care.

Thus, the Helix Genetic Health Risk App for late-onset Alzheimer’s Disease is substantially equivalent to the predicate 23andMe Personal Genome Service (PGS) Genetic Health Risk Test for Alzheimer’s disease authorized under DEN160026.

# 5.5 Device Description

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App is an over-the-counter (direct-to-consumer), DNA testing service that provides information and tools for consumers to learn about and explore their DNA.

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App is a currently marketed, non-invasive genetic information service that combines qualitative genotyping data indicate for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease for reporting of the e2/e2, e2/e3, e2/e4, e3/e3, e3/e4 and ${ \tt e 4 } / { \tt e 4 }$ genotypes in the APOE gene with descriptive information derived from peer reviewed, published genetic research studies. It is a home use, over-the-counter (direct-to-consumer) DNA testing service intended to provide information and tools for consumers to learn about and explore their DNA. Customer saliva is selfcollected using the FDA cleared Oragene $\textcircled{8}$ ·Dx OGD-610 saliva collection kit manufactured by DNA Genotek, Inc. (k192920), which consists of a sealable collection tube containing a stabilizing buffer solution. Once the sample is collected, it is shipped to the CLIA-certified and College of American Pathologists (CAP) -accredited Helix laboratory for testing.

DNA is isolated from the saliva and tested using Helix’s proprietary whole exome sequencing assay authorized under DEN190035 in the Helix laboratory. The genomic DNA is processed and sequenced using next generation sequencing (NGS) reagents and instrumentation manufactured by Illumina. The sequencing data is analyzed using Helix’s proprietary software, where the genetic variants of interest are determined. All samples must pass Helix’s stringent quality control metrics prior to analysis. Samples that do not pass quality thresholds will undergo re-sequencing and/or sample re-collection.

The genetic variant results are used to generate personalized reports that provide information about the detected genotype for the customer. These reports tell the user which genotype has/have been detected in their sample and provide information on the risk of disease associated with the genotype. If no genotype was determined, that information is also provided. The personalized reports are designed to present scientific concepts to users in an easy-tounderstand format. The reports provide scientifically valid information about the risks associated with the presence of a particular genetic variant. The reports are designed to help users understand the meaning of their results and any appropriate actions that may be taken based on their results.

# 5.6 Technological Characteristics

Test Type: Qualitative genetic test for single nucleotide polymorphism detection in the APOE gene.

Sample Type: Genomic DNA obtained from a human saliva sample.

Target of detection: Single-nucleotide polymorphism.

DNA extraction: Automated method.

Gene: APOE

Alleles: e2, e3 and e4 alleles in the APOE gene

SNPs: rs429358 and rs7412.

Testing principle: DNA is isolated from saliva and tested on the Helix Laboratory Platform. The genomic DNA is processed and sequenced using next generation sequencing (NGS) reagents and instrumentation. The sequencing data is analyzed using Helix’s proprietary software, where the genetic variants of interest are determined.

Instrument: Illumina HiSeq system.

Assay results: The raw sequencing data is analyzed, and the genotypes are determined and integrated into a report.

# 5.7 Performance Testing Summary

The laboratory may not be able to process a user’s sample. The probability that the laboratory cannot process a sample can be up to $2 . 5 \%$ . The device performance was evaluated in the analytical and clinical studies as follows.

All results presented below met the pre-defined acceptance criteria outlined in the Special Controls of 21 CFR 866.5950. Information regarding samples that failed quality control (FQC) was also evaluated and presented in each study below.

# 5.7.1 Method Comparison (Accuracy)

For evaluation of accuracy, three studies were conducted: the first study was conducted with human saliva samples with known genotypes and a second study was conducted with human cell line samples with known genotypes to determine the rates of correct APOE genotype calls. A third study was conducted with human saliva and/or human cell line samples with known variants in genes other than the APOE gene to determine the agreement of the genotype calls.

a) Accuracy study with human saliva samples:

Accuracy of the HRA for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease was evaluated by testing human saliva samples with known APOE genotypes. Presence of the two variants in the APOE gene was analyzed on the HLP and the genotyping results were compared to the known genotypes confirmed by Sanger sequencing (comparator). The accuracy for detecting the two variants in the APOE gene on the HLP (genotype call) using DNA isolated from human saliva samples $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 9 9 )$ was $100 \%$ with a lower bound of $9 6 . 3 \%$ using a $9 5 \%$ CI for all samples tested. The test results are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APOEGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of FQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent ofFQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectGenotypeCalls(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

b) Accuracy study with human cell line samples: Accuracy for detecting two variants, rs7412 and rs429358, in the APOE gene on the HLP was evaluated by using six cell lines with known APOE genotypes

(e2/e3, e2/e4, e3/e3, e3/e4, $\mathtt { e 3 / e 4 }$ , and ${ \tt e 4 } / { \tt e 4 }$ ). The accuracy of detecting the two variants in the APOE gene was $100 \%$ for all samples tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APOEGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofreplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofFQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentof FQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectGenotypeCalls(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA12878</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA12877</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

c) Accuracy study with 3,295 human saliva and cell line samples with known variants in genes other than APOE:

In addition to the two variants in the APOE gene, accuracy of the HLP for detecting variants in the genes associated with other clinical conditions included in DEN160026 was evaluated on the HLP using specimens carrying unique genetic variants linked to the specific clinical conditions as listed in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical condition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SNP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hereditary Thrombophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs6025</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hereditary Thrombophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs1799963</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SERPINA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs28929474</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SERPINA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs17580</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APOE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs429358</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parkinson's Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LRRK2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs34637584</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parkinson's Disease; Gaucher DiseaseType 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GBA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs76763715</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gaucher Disease Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GBA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs387906315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gaucher DiseaseType 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GBA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs80356769</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor XI Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FXI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs121965064</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor XI Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FXI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs121965063</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor XI Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FXI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs373297713</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Celiac Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HLA-DQA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs2187668</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose-6-Phosphate-DehydrogenaseDeficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G6PD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs1050828</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hereditary Hemochromatosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HFE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs1800562</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hereditary Hemochromatosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HFE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs1799945</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Early-Onset Primary Dystonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DYT1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rs724159981</td></tr></table>

The overall number of true positive, false positives, true negative and false negatives were analyzed for seventeen (17) variants in eleven (11) genes. A total of 4,282 true positive and 51,731 true negative calls were reported. There were no false positive and no false negative results reported for the known variants tested. One no call was reported each for rs76763715 and rs429358.

# 5.7.2 Precision/Reproducibility

Reproducibility of the APOE genotype calls made by the HRA for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease was assessed by testing 24 samples that include 6 human B-lymphocyte cell lines (6 cell lines hereafter) and 18 unique saliva-derived DNA samples) in two independent studies (Study 1 and Study 2). The calls for the APOE genotypes in the well-characterized cell line samples were compared to known APOE genotypes.

Study 1 tested 24 samples (6 cell lines and 18 unique saliva-derived DNA samples) with up to 72 replicates (3 replicates / sample / library prep plate x 3 plates x 2 enrichments x 4 independent runs of cBot and HiSeq instruments) for the APOE genotype calls. The test results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APOEGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofreplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofFQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent ofFQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectGenotypeCalls(%)</td></tr></table>

Study 1: Clinical Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Study 1: Cell lines</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA12878</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA12877</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>484</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

Study 2 tested 24 samples (6 cell lines and 18 unique saliva-derived DNA samples) with up to 54 replicates (3 replicates / sample / library prep plate x 3 plates x 2 enrichments x 3 reagent lots) for the APOE genotype calls. The test results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td>Cell Line</td><td>N</td><td>APOE Genotype</td><td>No. of replicat es</td><td>No. of Correct Genotype Calls</td><td>No. of Incorrect Genotype Calls</td><td>No. of FQC</td><td>Percent of FQC (%)</td><td>Percent Correct Genotype Calls (%)</td></tr></table>

Stud 2: Clinical Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Study 2: Cell lines</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA12878</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA12877</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA24631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The calls for concordance on the APOE genotypes were analyzed in the clinical samples.   
Genotyping results produced $100 \%$ replicates that were called correctly for all APOE genotypes.

# 5.7.3 DNA Input

This study evaluated the impact of different levels of DNA input on the performance of the HRA for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease. The study yielded concordant test results for all 19 saliva samples with known APOE genotypes when tested at sample DNA concentrations between 3.5 to $1 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / \mu L }$ , an input corresponding to a range of 35 to 100 ng of DNA in the library preparation.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APOEGenotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofreplicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofFQC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent ofFQC(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PercentCorrectGenotypeCalls(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.4 Interfering Substances

Four studies were performed to determine the effects of substances found in saliva that may interfere with the performance of the HRA for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease. Per study protocol, for sequenced samples to be included in the data analyses (e.g., evaluable samples), the sample(s) must pass pre-defined QC thresholds.

a. In study 1, four endogenous proteins commonly found in saliva, including alphaamylase $( 3 9 5 \mathrm { \ : U / m L } )$ , hemoglobin $( 2 0 \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ , immunoglobulin A (IgA) (0.43 $\mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ , and albumin $( 2 . 6 7 \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ were each added to saliva samples. These proteins did not affect test performance for saliva samples ( $\scriptstyle \mathtt { n = 2 9 - 3 0 }$ evaluable samples across four endogenous proteins). The test results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APOEGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofreplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofFQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentof FQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectGenotype(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

b. In study 2, saliva samples were tested before and after (either immediately or 30 minutes after) exposure to one of four exogenous substances: eating food, drinking liquids, using mouthwash, or chewing gum. This study showed that exogenous substances did not interfere with test performance for saliva samples $m = 1 2 - 1 5$ evaluable samples across testing time for four exogenous substances). The test results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APOEGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofreplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofFQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentof FQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectGenotypeCalls(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

c. In study 3, saliva samples were tested at 60 minutes before smoking, immediately after smoking, and 30 minutes after smoking and showed that smoking did not interfere with test performance $\mathtt { \Delta } _ { \mathtt { n } = 1 5 }$ evaluable samples across three smoking conditions). The test results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APOEGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofreplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofFQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentof FQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectGenotypeCalls(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

d. In study 4, bacterial DNA from a commercial source (American Type Culture Collection) was added in various amounts into six cell line DNA samples (NA24385, NA24149, NA12878, NA12877, NA24143, and NA24631) to evaluate the effects of bacterial contamination in the test performance. This bacterial sample (ATCC MSA-1003) is comprised of twenty (20) fully sequenced cultures that encompass a variety of characteristics including bacterial species found in mouse and oral cavity. The six cell lines were tested across five levels of bacterial content $( 0 \%$ , $10 \%$ , $20 \%$ , $30 \%$ , and $50 \%$ ). This study showed that microbial DNA did not interfere with test performance $( n = 1 1 - 1 8$ evaluable samples across five levels of bacterial content). In addition, study 4 tested various amounts of microbial and yeast DNA added to the saliva samples from 3 volunteers $( 0 \%$ , $10 \%$ Candida albicans, and $30 \%$ of ATCC MSA-1003). This study showed that yeast DNA did not interfere with test performance in clinical samples. The test results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APOEGenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofreplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofCorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofIncorrectGenotypeCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofFQC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent ofFQC(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectGenotypeCalls(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Cell lines</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Clinical samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.5 Potentially Interfering Mutations

Not conducted

# 5.7.6 Matrix Comparison

Human saliva is the only suitable sample matrix, therefore Matrix Comparison studies are not applicable.

# 5.7.7 Shelf Life

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App requires the use of the same FDA-cleared saliva collection device that was reviewed and cleared in submission K192920. Shelf life data, summarized below, was previously reviewed and authorized in the clearance of the predicate device DEN160026.

# 5.7.8 Clinical Performance

Three common versions of the APOE gene are: e2, e3, and e4 alleles. Genetic studies on lateonset Alzheimer’s disease have associated this disease with the APOE gene and more specifically the APOE e2 and APOE e4 allele, as the main link for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease in all ethnicities. The APOE e2 allele is associated with a decreased risk to develop late-onset Alzheimer's disease after the age of 65 years, whereas the APOE e4 allele is associated with an increased risk to develop late-onset Alzheimer's disease after the age of 65 years. This test looks at the 2 SNPs, rs429358 and rs7412, that define the APOE e2, e3, and e4 versions of the gene.

The different combinations of the APOE gene’s versions (e2, e3 and e4) were grouped based on their association with developing late-onset Alzheimer’s disease:

Individuals with the APOE e3/e3 genotype are considered to have an average risk of developing late-onset Alzheimer’s disease based on this genetic result.   
Individuals with the APOE e2/e2 or $\mathtt { e 2 } / \mathtt { e 3 }$ genotype are considered to have a decreased risk of developing late-onset Alzheimer’s disease compared to individuals with the APOE ${ \tt e 3 } / { \tt e 3 }$ genotype.   
Individuals with the APOE e2/e4, e3/e4, or ${ \tt e 4 } / { \tt e 4 }$ genotypes are considered to have an increased risk of developing late-onset Alzheimer’s disease compared to individuals with the APOE e3/e3 genotype.   
Individuals who have none of these APOE combinations will not receive information on their relative risk to develop late-onset Alzheimer’s disease due to the lack of studies in the scientific literature.

The variants covered by this test are found in people of all ethnicities. The percentage of the population carrying each combination will vary from study to study based on the enrollment criteria to the genetic study. A summary of the frequency of each combination in different ethnicities gathered from multiple references is represented in the table below:

Table 5.3a. Frequency of APOE e2, e3 and e4 combinations in different ethnicities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e2/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e3/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e4/e4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ref</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Decreased risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Averagerisk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Increased risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>European descent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Farrer etal., 1997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>European descent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>African descent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Murrell etal., 2006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>African descent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>South Asiandescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agarwal et al.,2014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>South Asiandescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>East Asiandescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>iu et al., 2014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>East Asiandescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr></table>

AD $=$ Alzheimer’s disease.

Using the same references, it is possible to calculate likelihood ratios (LR), which represent an estimate of how the test result affects the chances of a condition.

Table 5.3b: Alzheimer’s disease likelihood ratios (LR) for APOE e2, e3 and e4 combinations in different ethnicities. The table was adapted from table on p.35 of DEN160026 decision summary.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethnicity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CIfor LR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">References</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study summary</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Europeandescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Decreasedrisk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1-0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Farrer et al.,1997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">A meta-analysis of5,930 patients whomet criteria forprobable or definiteAlzheimer's diseaseand 8,607 controls.Among studyparticipants, therewere 5,107Alzheimer's diseasepatients fromEuropean descent,and 6,262 controlsfrom Europeandescent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3-0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57-0.62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Increased risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8-1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8-2.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e4/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8-10.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Africandescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Decreasedrisk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04-2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Murrell et al.,2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">This study included162 individuals fromAfrican Americandescent withAlzheimer's diseaseand 318 controlsfrom AfricanAmerican descent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3-0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6-0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Increased risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4-2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2-2.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e4/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9-7.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">South Asiandescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Decreasedrisk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02-0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Agarwal et al.,2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">A meta-analysis of417 individuals fromSouth Asian descentwith Alzheimer'sdisease and 651controls from SouthAsian descent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3-0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6-0.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Increased risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0-8.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5-4.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e4/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3-14.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">East Asiandescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Average risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e2*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5-2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Liu et al.,2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">A meta-analysis of1,576 individualsfrom East Asiandescent withAlzheimer's diseaseand 1,741 controlsfrom East Asiandescent.(*limited number ofe2/e2 samples usedfor analysis)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5-0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6-0.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Increased risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e2/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2-3.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e3/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2-2.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e4/e4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.5-62.6</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.9 Labeling Comprehension

All predefined demographic quotas and enrollment targets were met. Primary comprehension assessment addressed the following five core concepts: purpose of the test, limitations, relevant ethnicities, meaning of results, and appropriate follow-up. The average comprehension rate per comprehension category ranged from $8 5 . 2 \%$ to $100 \%$ , and the overall comprehension rate for all core concepts across each of the four study arms was greater than $90 \%$ . The representative Helix Genetic Health Risk report and supporting information provided in the pre-purchase page were effective in communicating relevant concepts to users unfamiliar with genetic testing sufficient for the safe use of the Helix Genetic Health Risk App for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease.

# 5.8. Discussion

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App (HRA) for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease has a similar intended use as the predicate and therefore presents no new issues of safety or effectiveness when compared to the previously authorized predicate device (DEN160026).

# 5.9. Conclusion

The Helix Genetic Health Risk App (HRA) for late-onset Alzheimer’s disease is substantially equivalent to the predicate device DEN160026 (23andMe PGS Genetic Health Risk Report for Late-onset Alzheimer’s Disease). As presented, the Helix Genetic Health Risk App for lateonset Alzheimer’s disease is a safe and effective consumer product that can safely and effectively assist and encourage users to discuss the report with their healthcare provider.