November 1, 2019

Sebia   
Karen Anderson   
Director of Regulatory   
1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400   
Norcross, Georgia 30093

Re: K192095 Trade/Device Name: CAPI 3 Immunotyping, Capillarys 3 Tera Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5510 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulins A, G, M, D, and E immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CEF, DEH, DFH, CFF Dated: July 31, 2019 Received: August 5, 2019

Dear Karen Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known)

Device Name CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit is designed for the qualitative detection and the characterization of monoclonal proteis (immuotyping) in human urine and serum with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument, SEBIA, for capillary elhoreis. It is used in conjunction with the CAPI 3 PROTEIN(E) 6 kit, SEBIA, desined or proteis sepra into 6 major fractions in alkaline buffer $\left( \mathsf { p H 9 . 9 } \right)$ .

Th CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instruent peforms all procedural sequenes utomatically btain a protein pro for qliaivnalyarimvidalhaeai $( \mathrm { I g } \mathrm { G } )$ alpha $( \mathrm { I g } \mathrm { A } )$ and mu $( \mathrm { I g } \mathrm { M } )$ heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) light chains and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively.

The proteins, separated in silica capillaries, are directly detected by their absorbance at $2 0 0 \mathrm { n m }$

T proteins.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510K SUMMARY (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sebia, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Address</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400Norcross, Georgia 30093, USA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Karen Anderson, Director of RegulatoryPhone: 1-800-835-6497Fax: 770-446-8511Email: karen.anderson@sebia-usa.comMatthew C. Wagner, Ph.DScientific Affairs SpecialistEmail: Matthew.wagner@sebia-usa.comPhone: 1-800-835-6497, 3752</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">October 7, 2019</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SebiaParc Technologique Léonard de VinciRue Léonard de Vinci,CP 8010 LISSES, 91008 EVRY CedexFRANCEPhone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING (PN 2600)using CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument (PN 1246)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal Immunoglobulins by CapillaryElectrophoresis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Regulation No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR Part 866.5510, 866.5550, 866.1630,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subsequent Product Codes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFH, DEH, CEF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II (Test System), Class I (ControlsElectrophoretic Protein Fractionation)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Establishment Registration No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8023024</td></tr></table>

This submission is to support the additional of new matrix (Urine) to Sebia’s previously cleared reagent/ instrument combination CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING using the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA, K161928.

The predicate device used in this submission is Sebia’s CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING using the CAPILLARYS 2, K130500

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The capillary electrophoresis provides complete automation with fast separation and good resolution. This electrokinetic separation technique is carried out in a silica glass tube (i.e., capillary) with internal diameter lower than $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { m }$ filled with a buffer composed of electrolytes.

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solution. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Separation occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow. The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses.

In capillary electrophoresis, abnormal fractions detected in serum or urine protein electrophoregrams, primarily those in the beta globulin and gamma globulin zones, are always suspect of being monoclonal proteins (M-proteins, paraproteins, monoclonal immunoglobulins). With the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure, the immunotyping procedure uses specific antibodies to identify these abnormal fractions.

In immunotyping a sample dilution is prepared and injected at the anodic end of six capillaries. The reference pattern (ELP pattern), which is a complete electrophoretic pattern of the sample’s proteins, is obtained by mixing the sample with the ELP solution and injection into the 1st capillary. The antisera patterns are obtained by sample aspiration into the 5 subsequent capillaries. Previously diluted samples are mixed with specific antisera against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A), mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and free and bound Kappa and Lambda light chains. Protein separation is performed in a high voltage electrical field. The separated proteins are detected using absorbance at $2 0 0 \mathsf { n m }$ at the cathodic end of the capillary. After the analysis, the capillaries are immediately washed with a wash solution and filled with buffer which prepares the capillaries for the next analysis.

The immunotyping is performed in four automated steps:

1. Dilution of serum or urine samples with a specific diluent in the pre-dilution well of the reagent cup. This dilution is made according to the sample's immunoglobulin concentration.   
2. Mixing diluted serum sample with specific antisera. The antigen - antibody complex is formed rapidly in liquid medium without the need for extra incubation step or removal of the immune complexes.   
3. Injection of the prepared samples with simultaneous aspiration into 6 capillaries at the anodic end. Protein separation occurs when a high voltage field is applied to the alkaline buffer. The separated proteins are detected using absorbance at $2 0 0 ~ \mathsf { n m }$ at the cathodic end of the capillary.   
4. Overlay of the ELP pattern on the antisera patterns (Ig G, Ig A, Ig M, Kappa and Lambda) allows characterization of suspected monoclonal component.

# Reagents:

# CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 2600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample diluent (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 60 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pierceable cap for the Sample diluent vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 cap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rack with ELP solution and antiserum tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELP solution (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumangamma heavy chains (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumanalpha heavy chains (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumanmu heavy chains (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumankappa (free and bound) light chains(ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mammalian immunoglobulins antihumanlambda (free and bound) light chains(ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.2 mL</td></tr></table>

# Additional reagents not included in the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING KIT

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ITEMS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COMPONENTS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 PROTEIN(E) 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2503</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 vials buffer, 700 mL each4 filters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPICLEAN CAPILLARYS 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 vial, 25 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS 3 WASH SOLUTION</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 vial, 75mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 DISPOSABLES KIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2582</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 packs of 14 reagent cups</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEST TUBES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 of 100mm-tubes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 BINS FOR USED REAGENTCUPS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2581</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 units</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 URINE KIT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2513</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Vial , 480 mL</td></tr></table>

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit is designed for the qualitative detection and the characterization of monoclonal proteins (immunotyping) in human urine and serum with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument, SEBIA, for capillary electrophoresis. It is used in conjunction with the CAPI 3 PROTEIN(E) 6 kit, SEBIA, designed for proteins separation into 6 major fractions in alkaline buffer $( { \mathsf { p H } } 9 . 9 )$ .

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument performs all procedural sequences automatically to obtain a protein profile for qualitative analysis. Each urine or serum sample is mixed with individual antisera that are specific against gamma (Ig G), alpha (Ig A) and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, and kappa (free and bound) light chains and lambda (free and bound) light chains, respectively.

The proteins, separated in silica capillaries, are directly detected by their absorbance at 200 nm. The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually to detect the presence of specific reactions with the suspect monoclonal proteins.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solution. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Protein separation is performed in a high voltage electrical field. The separated proteins are directly detected using absorbance at 200 nm at the cathodic end of the capillary. Separation occurs according to the electrolyte pH and is driven by electroosmotic flow. The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses.

With the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING procedure, the immunotyping using specific antibodies is performed to identify abnormal fractions in serum or urine protein profiles. The immunotyping is performed in four automated steps:

1. Dilution of serum or dialyzed urine samples with a specific diluent in the predilution well of the reagent cup. This dilution is made according to the sample's immunoglobulin concentration.

2. Mixing diluted serum or urine sample with specific antisera. The antigen - antibody complex is formed rapidly in liquid medium without the need for extra incubation step or removal of the immune complexes.

3. Injection of prepared samples with simultaneous aspiration into 6 capillaries at their anodic end. Protein separation occurs when a high voltage field is applied to the alkaline buffer. The separated proteins are detected using absorbance at $2 0 0 ~ \mathsf { n m }$ at the cathodic end of the capillary.

4. Overlay of the ELP pattern on the antisera patterns (Ig G, Ig A, Ig M, Kappa and Lambda) allows characterization of suspected monoclonal component.

# 2. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device 510(k) number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS    IMMUNOTYPING           usingCAPILLARYS 2 / CAPILLARYS 2 FLEXPIERCINGINSTRUMENT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K130500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING using the CAPILLARY 3TERA INSTRUMENT (SERUM MATRIX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K161928</td></tr></table>

This submission is to support the additional of new matrix (Urine) to Sebia’s previously cleared reagent/ instrument combination CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING using the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA, K161928.

The predicate device used in this submission is Sebia’s CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING using the CAPILLARYS 2, K130500

Table A. Similarities and differences between the candidate device (CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING and the predicate device (CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING).   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Table A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING(K) 130500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING(Additional of Urine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING kitis designed for the detection and thecharacterization of monoclonal proteins(immunotyping) in human urine and serumwith the CAPILLARYS, the CAPILLARYS 2and the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING,SEBIA, for capillary electrophoresis. It is usedin conjunction with the SEBIA CAPILLARYSPROTEIN(E) 6 kit designed for proteinsseparation into 6 major fractions in alkalinebuffer (pH 9.9).The CAPILLARYS, CAPILLARYS 2 and theCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING perform allprocedural sequences automatically to obtain aprotein profile for qualitative analysis. Eachurine or serum sample is mixed with individualantisera that are specific against gamma (Ig G),alpha (Ig A) and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, andkappa (free and bound) light chains andlambda (free and bound) light chains,respectively. The proteins, separated in silicacapillaries, are directly detected by theirabsorbance at 200 nm.The electrophoregrams are evaluated visuallyto detect the presence of specific reactions withthe suspect monoclonal proteins.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit is designed forthe qualitative detection and the characterizationof monoclonal proteins (immunotyping) in humanurine and serum with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERAinstrument, SEBIA, for capillary electrophoresis.It is used in conjunction with the CAPI 3PROTEIN(E) 6 kit, SEBIA, designed for proteinsseparation into 6 major fractions in alkaline buffer(pH 9.9).The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument performsall procedural sequences automatically to obtaina protein profile for qualitative analysis. Eachurine or serum sample is mixed with individualantisera that are specific against gamma (Ig G),alpha (Ig A) and mu (Ig M) heavy chains, andkappa (free and bound) light chains and lambda(free and bound) light chains, respectively. Theproteins, separated in silica capillaries, aredirectly detected by their absorbance at 200 nm.The electrophoregrams are evaluated visually todetect the presence of specific reactions withthe suspect monoclonal proteins.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Separation system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Free  solution capillary  electrophoresis(FSCE): protein separation in an alkalinebuffer (pH 9.9) according to their charge, to theelectrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow.Fast separation and good resolution.Electrophoregrams show separated fractionsaccording to their charge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING Kit (PN 2100)Antisera segment containing :ELP solutionmammalian     immunoglobulinsantihuman gamma heavy chainsmammalian     immunoglobulinsantihumanalpha heavy chainsmammalian     immunoglobulinsantihuman mu  heavy  chainsmammalian     immunoglobulinsantihuman kappa (free and bound)light     chains     mammalianimmunoglobulins      antihumanlambda (free and bound) lightchains sample diluent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING Kit (PN 2600) :Sample diluentRack with ELP solution tube and antiserumtubes :mammalian     immunoglobulinsantihumangamma heavy chainsmammalian      immunoglobulinsantihumanalpha heavychainsmammalian     immunoglobulinsantihumanmuheavy chainsmammalian     immunoglobulinsantihuman kappa (free and bound)light    chains     mammalianimmunoglobulins       antihumanlambda(free and bound) lightchains</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS/MINICAP URINE KITPN 20131 Vial 480 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 URINE KIT*PN 25131 Vial , 480 mLReagent same,PN to reflect Capi 3 part number sequence.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Table A (continued)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING(K) 130500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGinstrument, PN 1227SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 instrument, PN 1222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument,PN 1246</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysishroughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 analyses / 2hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 anlaysis / 2hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC interface + touch screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TemperatureControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">By Peltier device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deuterium lamp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deuterium lamp and LED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software for dataprocessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA PHORESIS™ software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Firmware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included into the PHORESIS software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included into the instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofseparation units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 parallel capillaries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 parallel capillaries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">uncapped tubes or capped tubes depending onthe procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplesidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (Bar code reading on both sample racksand tubes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (Bar code reading on sample tubes andRFID labels on sample racks)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (RFID labels on reagent vials)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction ofthe samples intotheautomaticsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary capacity of 13 tubes for IT technique(i.e.13sample racks),uninterruptedthroughput on sample racks. Only position 1 onthe sample rack contains sample tube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary maximal capacity of 120 tubes (i.e. 15sample racks), uninterrupted throughput onsample racks (8 positions available).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bay :maincompartement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS 2 : Contains one vial of water,wash solution and buffer container.CAPILLARYS    2 FLEX-PIERCINGContains one vial of water, wash solution,hemolyzing solution (for Hb and Hb A1ctechniques) and buffer container.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 4 analysis buffers or hemolysing solutions(identified by RFID labels); 1 waste container,1 container for, 1 container for the washsolution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bay :secondarycompartement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 3 vials and 1 rack with immunotypingreagents (all RFID tagged) in temperaturecontrolled environment (&lt; 15 °C); 1 RFIDlabeled vialand three tubes (formaintenance  solutions)     at roomtemperature</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L. 95 cm x H. 39 cm x D. 63 cm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L. 90 cm x H. 54 cm x D. 67 cm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 kg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 kg</td></tr></table>

# 3. Performance Data:

# a. Repeatability

Four (4) different urine samples with monoclonal proteins including Bence Jones proteins were run using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure on all capillaries of the same CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument and with one lot of CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit. Each sample was analyzed with each reagent (ELP solution, Anti-Ig G, Anti-Ig A, Anti-Ig M,Anti-Kappa and Anti-Lambda) on all capillaries, including 2 runs per reagent. In this study all dilution programs were tested.For each tested reagent, all samples gave concordant results within run and between capillaries.

# b. Reproducibility between lots and instruments

Three (3) different urine samples with monoclonal proteins including Bence Jones proteins were run using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure on 3 CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instruments and with 3 lots of CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit. Each sample was analyzed on 18 runs over 5 working days (at 2 different times of the day). In this study, all dilution programs were tested.

All samples gave concordant results for all runs on the 3 CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instruments and with the 3 lots of CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING kit.

# c. Sensitivity

Serial dilutions were prepared in normal urine with three pathological urine samples all exhibiting monoclonal components and analyzed using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure.

The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Monoclonal protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Monoclonal protein concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Detection limit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g/l</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g/l</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ig G, Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.118</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr></table>

# d. Sample Stability Stability at $2 . 8 \bullet \bullet$

Ten (10) urine samples including normal and pathological urine samples were analyzed at the beginning of the study (reference) and after 1 week storage at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ (test), with the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument. The results obtained comply with the acceptance criteria defined by SEBIA of the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument. Urine samples can be stored for 1 week between 2 and $8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# Stability - $7 0 / - 8 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$

Ten (10) urine samples including normal and pathological urine samples were analyzed at the beginning of the study (reference) and after 1 month storage at - 70 / - $80 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ (test), with the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument.

The results obtained comply with the acceptance criteria defined by SEBIA of the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument.

Urine samples can be stored for 1 month between - 70 and - $80 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# e. Kit Stability

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING sample diluent 2 years at 2 - 30 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING ELP solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 years at 2 - 8 </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING antisera</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 years at 2 - 8 </td></tr><tr><td>On- Board Stability CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING sample diluent CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING ELP solution CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING antisera</td><td>2 months</td></tr></table>

# f. Accuracy/Concordance

The accuracy study included 52 urines samples composed of 8 urine samples without monoclonal component and 44 urine samples with monoclonal component including Bence Jones proteins. The samples were tested using the CAPI 3 IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument (test technique) and the CAPILLARYS IMMUNOTYPING URINE procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 2 instrument (reference technique). All electrophoregrams were evaluated visually for the qualitative results.

This study demonstrated a $100 \%$ agreement between the two techniques.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of urinesamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG Lambda with Lambda free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG Kappa with Kappa free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgM Kappa with Kappa free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgA Lambda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgA Lambda with Lambda free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Without Monoclonal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Agreement</td></tr></table>

# 4. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.