April 6, 2020

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc. Fatima Pacheco   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist 511 Benedict Ave.   
Tarrytown, New York 10591

Re: K200199 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur CA 125 II Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-Associated Antigen Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LTK Dated: January 24, 2020 Received: January 27, 2020

Dear Fatima Pacheco:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Carolina Kagan   
Acting Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K200199

Device Name ADVIA Centau $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CA 125II

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for ADVIA Centaur® CA 125II

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: K200199 B. Purpose for Submission: Modified Device – addition of plasma sample type

# C. Applicant:

Contact: Fatima Pacheco Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist

Address: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Ave, Tarrytown, NY 10591   
Phone: (914) 374-3770   
Email: fatima.pacheco@siemens-healthineers.com

Date: April 03, 2020

D. Proprietary and Established Names: ADVIA Centaur® CA 125II

E. Measurand Cancer Antigen 125 (CA 125)

F. Regulatory Information:

Trade Name ADVIA Centaur® CA 125II   
Common Name Chemiluminescence Immunoassay, for the determination of CA 125 antigen   
Classification Name Device to test, epithelial ovarian tumor-associated antigen (ca125).   
FDA Classification Class II   
Review Panel Immunology (82)   
Product Code LTK   
Regulation Number 21 CFR 866.6010

G. Predicate Devices: Device Name: Bayer ADVIA Centaur CA 125II 510(k) Number: k020828

# H. Intended Use:

Same as Indications for Use

# I. Indications for Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative, serial determination of CA 125 in human serum and plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin) and to aid in the management of patients with ovarian carcinoma using the ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XP and ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XPT systems. The test is intended for use as an aid in monitoring patients previously treated for ovarian cancer. Serial testing for CA 125 in the serum and plasma of patients who are clinically free of disease should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for the early detection of cancer recurrence. The test is also intended for use as an aid in the management of ovarian cancer patients with metastatic disease by monitoring the progression or regression of disease in response to treatment. It is recommended that the ADVIA Centaur CA 125II assay be used under the order of a physician trained and experienced in the management of gynecological cancers. This assay is not intended for screening or diagnosis of ovarian cancer or for use on any other system.

J. Special Conditions for use statement(s): For Prescription Use Only

K. Special Instrument Requirement: For use on the ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XP and ADVIA Centaur XPT

# L. Device Description:

The ADVIA Centaur CA 125II assay is comprised of the following reagents:

<table><tr><td>Component</td><td>Volume</td><td>Ingredients</td></tr><tr><td>CA 125Il Lite Reagent</td><td>10.0 mL/pack</td><td>monoclonal mouse anti-M11 antibody (~0.15 µg/mL) labeled with acridinium ester and monoclonal mouse anti-OC 125 (~1.0 µg/mL) labeled with fluorescein in phosphate buffer with bovine serum albumin and preservatives</td></tr><tr><td>CA 125Il Solid Phase Reagent</td><td>25.0 mL/pack</td><td>monoclonal mouse anti-fluorescein antibody (~30 µg/mL) coupled to paramagnetic particles in phosphate buffer with bovine serum albumin and preservatives</td></tr></table>

# M. Substantial Equivalence Information

The following table demonstrates substantial equivalence between the ADVIA Centaur 125II assay (Candidate Device) with modified Package Insert (Instructions for Use) with the addition of plasma sample type (EDTA & Lithium Heparin) and the currently marketed ADVIA Centaur CA 125II (Predicate Device) that was cleared under 510 (k) k020828.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candldate Device - ModlfiedLabeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device - CurrentLabeling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA Centaur® CA 125II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA Centaur® CA 125II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative, serial determinationof CA 125 in human serum andplasma (EDTA and lithiumheparin) and to aid in themanagement of patients withovarian carcinoma using theADVIA Centaur® XP, and ADVIACentaur® XPT systems. The testis intended for use as an aid inmonitoring patients previouslytreated for ovarian cancer. Serialtesting for CA 125 in the serumand plasma of patients who areclinically free of disease shouldbe used in conjunction with otherclinical methods used for theearly detection of cancerrecurrence. The test is alsointended for use as an aid in themanagement of ovarian cancerpatients with metastatic diseaseby monitoring the progression orregression of disease in responseto treatment. It is recommendedthat the ADVIA Centaur CA 125Ilassay be used under the order ofa physician trained andexperienced in the managementof gynecological cancers. Thisassay is not intended forscreening or diagnosis of ovariancancer or for use on any othersystem.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative, serialdetermination of CA 125 inhuman serum and to aid in themanagement of patients withovarian carcinoma using theADVIA Centaur®, ADVIACentaur XP, and ADVIACentaur XPT systems. The testis intended for use as an aid inmonitoring patients previouslytreated for ovarian cancer.Serial testing for CA 125 in theserum of patients who areclinically free of disease shouldbe used in conjunction withother clinical methods used forthe early detection of cancerrecurrence. The test is alsointended for use as an aid inthe management of ovariancancer patients with metastaticdisease by monitoring theprogression or regression ofdisease in response totreatment. It is recommendedthat the ADVIA Centaur CA125ll assay be used under theorder of a physician trained andexperienced in themanagement of gynecologicalcancers. This assay is notintended for screening ordiagnosis of ovarian cancer orfor use on any other system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cancer Antigen 125 (CA 125)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum and Plasma(EDTA and Lithium Heparin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Detection Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB: 2.0 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity: 2 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD: 3.0 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ: 3.0 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay MeasuringInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 - 600 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 600 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device - ModifiedLabeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device - CurrentLabeling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA Centaur® CA 125ll</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA Centaur® CA 125Il</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct Chemiluminescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA Centaur Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA Centaur CA 125IICalibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commercial Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">monoclonal mouse anti-M11antibody (~0.15 μg/mL) labeledwith acridinium ester andmonoclonal mouse anti-OC 125(~1.0 µg/mL) labeled withfluorescein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">monoclonal mouse anti-fluorescein antibody (~30 µg/mL)coupled to paramagnetic particles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# N. Test Principle

The ADVIA Centaur CA 125II assay is a two-site sandwich immunoassay using direct chemiluminometric technology, which uses two monoclonal mouse antibodies specific for CA 125. The first antibody is directed toward the M11 antigenic domain, and is labeled with acridinium ester. The second antibody is directed toward the OC 125 antigenic domain and is labeled with fluorescein. The immunocomplex formed with CA 125 is captured with monoclonal mouse anti-fluorescein antibody coupled to paramagnetic particles in the Solid Phase.

A direct relationship exists between the amount of CA 125 present in the patient sample and the amount of relative light units (RLUs) detected by the system.

# O. Performance Characteristics

The assay principle, design and reagent formulation has not changed from the original device, therefore, the analytical performance studies and data previously reviewed under 510(K) k020828 continues to apply to this assay.

# I. Detection Limit

Detection capability was determined in accordance with CLSI Document EP17-A2.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 U/mL</td></tr></table>

The LoB corresponds to the highest measurement result that is likely to be observed for a blank sample with a probability of $9 5 \%$ .

The LoD corresponds to the lowest concentration of CA 125 that can be detected with a probability of $9 5 \%$ .

The LoQ corresponds to the lowest amount of CA 125 in a sample at which the within-laboratory CV is $\leq 2 0 \%$ .

# II. Method Comparison

For 224 samples in the range of 3.1 to $4 6 6 . 6 ~ \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$ , the relationship of the ADVIA Centaur CA 125II assay to the Bayer Immuno $1 \textcircled{8}$ CA 125II assay is described by the following equation:

ADVIA Centaur CA $1 2 5 | | = 1 . 0 2 5$ (Bayer Immuno 1 $| \big ( \big ) + 1 . 1 5 \ : \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$ Correlation coefficient $( \mathsf { r } ) = 0 . 9 9 2$

# III. Specimen Equivalence

The study was performed in accordance with CLSI Document EP09-A3 to demonstrate that EDTA and Li-heparin plasma matrices yield comparable results as serum with the ADVIA Centaur CA 125 II assay. A Deming linear regression analysis was performed, and the corresponding slopes of regression and coefficient determination are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipotassium EDTAplasma (y) vs.Serum (x)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 - 572.7U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95(0.92 - 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.4 U/mL(-1.5 - 0.7 U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Heparinplasma (y) vs.Serum (x)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 - 572.7U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03(0.97 - 1.08)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.2 U/mL(-1.8 - 1.4 U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

# IV. Interferences: EDTA and Heparin

Interference testing was performed in accordance with CLSI Document EP07-ed3. The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance TestConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Dipotassium EDTA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.0 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>526.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>75 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.9</td></tr></table>

# P. Proposed Labeling

The labeling supports the finding of substantial equivalence for this device.

# Q. Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.