June 26, 2020

Hycor Biomedical   
Irene Guzman   
Sr. RA Specialist   
7272 Chapman Avenue   
Garden Grove, California 92841

Re: K200825 Trade/Device Name: NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE), Capture Reagent Cat Dander - E001, Felis Domesticus NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE), Capture Reagent Timothy Grass - G006, Phleum pratense Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5750 Regulation Name: Radioallergosorbent (Rast) Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DHB Dated: March 27, 2020 Received: March 30, 2020

Dear Irene Guzman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ying (Katelin) Mao, Ph.D.   
Acting Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K200825

Device Name NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE), Capture Reagent Cat Dander - E001, Felis domesticus, NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE), Capture Reagent Timothy Grass - G006, Phleum pratense

Indications for Use (Describe)

The NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum. NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is to be used with the NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer. It is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is prepared in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date of Preparation:

08-JUNE-2020

Manufacturer:

Hycor Biomedical, LLC 7272 Chapman Avenue Garden Grove, CA 92841

Contact Person:

Irene M. Guzman   
Sr. RA Specialist   
7272 Chapman Ave   
Garden Grove, CA 92841   
(714) 933-3052   
42TUiguzman@hycorbiomedical.comU42T

# Device Name:

NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE), Capture Reagent Cat Dander - E001, Felis domesticus

NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE), Capture Reagent Timothy Grass - G006, Phleum pratense

# Classification

NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay   
Product Code DHB   
Class II   
CFR $\ S$ 866.5750   
Substantial Equivalence to: k051218

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Assay and ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Conjugate 100 and Conjugate 400

ImmunoCAP Allergen e1, Cat Dander

ImmunoCAP Allergen g6, Timothy Grass

# Indications for Use

The NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum. NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is to be used with the NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer. It is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# General Description

# Reagents

The IgE Common Kit includes: Diluent A, Conjugate IgE, Substrate A, Substrate B, Fluo Beads™. Other required and recommended reagents include the allergen specific Capture Reagent, IgE Calibrator Set (6 levels - Cal 0.07 IgE, Cal 0.35 IgE, Cal 0.70 IgE, Cal 3.5 IgE, Cal 17.5 IgE, Cal 100 IgE kU/L), Calibrator Antibody IgE, Probe Wash Pack, Wash Buffer Concentrate, Cuvette Wash Pack, IgE Negative Control Pack, and IgE Positive Control Pack.

The liquid ready-to-use reagents demonstrate on-board stability of up to 48 hours for calibrators and controls and from 5 to 28 days for common assay components.

# Assay Principle

The NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is an immunometric, chemiluminescent procedure for the quantitative determination of IgE of known specificity in human serum samples. It employs fluorescent labelled magnetic, streptavidin coated microparticles which are incubated with a biotinylated allergenic capture reagent, patient sample and monoclonal anti-human IgE antibody: horseradish peroxidase conjugate. After a final wash, the resulting complex is incubated with the enzyme substrate and a chemiluminescent signal is generated, the magnitude of which is proportional to the concentration of IgE in the patient sample.

The concentration of allergen-specific IgE is determined from a standard curve, which is traceable to the World Health Organization (WHO) reference reagent serum Immunoglobulin E (IgE) 11/234.

# Device Comparison

NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay on the NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer is comparable to the predicate device, ImmunoCAP Specific IgE on the ImmunoCAP 100.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NOVEOS sIgE, E001, G006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicatePhadia ImmunoCAP K051218</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay isan in vitro quantitative assay for themeasurement of allergen specificIgE in human serum. NOVEOSSpecific IgE Assay is to be usedwith the NOVEOS ImmunoassayAnalyzer. It is intended for use as anin vitro diagnostic aid in the clinicaldiagnosis of IgE mediated allergicdisorders in conjunction with otherclinical findings and is to be used inclinical laboratories.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is an in vitroquantitative assay for the measurementof allergen specific IgE in human serumor plasma (EDTA or Na-Heparin).ImmunoCAP Specific IgE is to be usedwith instruments Phadia 100, Phadia250, Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500 andPhadia 5000. It is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use as an aid in the clinicaldiagnosis of IgE mediated allergicdisorders in conjunction with otherclinical findings, and is to be used inclinical laboratories</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma (EDTA, Na Heparin)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionAntibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Horseradish peroxidase conjugatedmouse anti-human IgE monoclonalantibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Galactosidase-anti-human IgE (mousemonoclonal antibody)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E001LoB: 0.02 kU/LLoD: 0.06 kU/LLoQ: 0.14 kU/LG006LoB: 0.03 kU/LLoD: 0.06 kU/LLoQ: 0.14 kU/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB: 0.001 kU/LLoD: 0.02 kU/LLoQ: 0.10 kU/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratorySetting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluourescence adjusted,immunometric, Chemiluminescentassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoroenzyme-immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid Phase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic microparticles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cellulose derivative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorTraceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">World Health Organization (WHO)reference reagent serumImmunoglobulin E (IgE) 11/234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heterologous interpolation based onTotal IgE calibration curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofCalibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Six</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorLevels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 0.35, 0.7, 3.5, 17.5 and 100 kU/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17-100 kU/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10-100 kU/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReactionTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to FirstResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 hour 45 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 hour 45 minutes to 2 hour 30 minutesdepending on model</td></tr></table>

# Data – E001

The following table shows percent agreements between the NOVEOS sIgE and the ImmunoCAP results based on assessment of 242 clinical samples using a cut-off value of $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ :

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ImmunoCAP slgE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal0.22 - 0.31 kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td></tr></table>

Positive percent agreement (PPA): $91 . 8 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 4 . 6 \% - 9 5 . 8 \% )$ ) Negative percent agreement (NPA): $9 9 . 3 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 6 . 1 \%$ to $9 9 . 9 \%$ )

# Data – G006

The following table shows percent agreements between the NOVEOS sIgE and the ImmunoCAP results based on assessment of 238 clinical samples using a cut-off value of $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ :

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ImmunoCAP slgE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal(0.22  0.31 kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td></tr></table>

Positive percent agreement (PPA): $8 6 . 4 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $7 8 . 5 \%$ to $9 1 . 7 \%$ ) Negative percent agreement (NPA): $9 8 . 5 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 4 . 6 \%$ to $9 9 . 6 \%$ )

# Clinical Performance

# E001

A clinical study was performed to support the diagnostic performance of the NOVEOS sIgE Assay for Cat Dander, F. domesticus E001. The clinical study comparing NOVEOS sIgE results to the allergic status of $\mathtt { n } = 2 0 0$ samples from patients was carried out in accordance with CLSI guideline EP9C: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Third Edition. A total of 70 samples with allergic status was confirmed by skin-prick testing and clinical history, and the other 130 samples from healthy, non-atopic donors with no reported allergy. Results are expressed as positive when a sample with a sIgE value is greater than or equal to $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ or negative when a sample with a sIgE value is less than $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atopic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-atopic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr></table>

Clinical Sensitivity: $7 5 . 7 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $6 4 . 5 \%$ to $8 4 . 2 \%$ ) Clinical Specificity: $100 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l 9 7 . 1 \% }$ to $100 \%$ )

# G006

In addition to the ImmunoCAP comparison study, a clinical study was performed to support the diagnostic performance of the NOVEOS sIgE Assay for $P .$ . pratense, G006. The clinical study comparing NOVEOS sIgE results to the allergic status of $\mathtt { n = 1 8 8 }$ samples from patients was carried out in accordance with CLSI guideline EP9C: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Third Edition. A total of 63 samples with allergic status was confirmed by skin-prick testing and clinical history, and the other 125 samples from healthy, non-atopic donors with no reported allergy. Results are expressed as positive when a sample with a sIgE value is greater than or equal to $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ or negative when a sample with a sIgE value is less than $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atopic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-atopic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td></tr></table>

Clinical Sensitivity: $7 6 . 2 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $6 4 . 4 \%$ to $8 5 . 0 \%$ ) Clinical Specificity: $9 9 . 2 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $9 5 . 6 \%$ to $9 9 . 9 \%$ )

# Imprecision/Reproducibility

# E001

Repeatability and within-laboratory precision were determined in accordance with CLSI guideline EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods: A Statistical Approach and CLSI guideline EP15-A3: User Verification of Precision and Estimation of Bias. Samples were assayed in duplicate replicates in 2 runs per day for 20 days on 3 NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzers for a total of 80 replicates per sample. The SD and $\%$ CV of the withinrun, between-run, between-day, and total imprecision were calculated for each sample and results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyphochek PosSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOS Pos Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td></tr></table>

# Lot-to-lot imprecision

Lot-to-Lot imprecision was evaluated with three different lots of the NOVEOS, E001, using a panel of serum samples in two replicates per run, two runs per day for twenty days (for a total of 240 replicates per sample). The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyphochek Pos Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOS PosSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td></tr></table>

# Site-to-site reproducibility

Site-to-site reproducibility was evaluated by testing a panel of 4 patient pools (one negative and three positive) and 2 controls (run as samples) at three sites using the same lot of reagent. Each sample was tested in five replicates per run, one run per day for five days on one NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer at each site (for a total of 75 replicates per sample). The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ResultSummary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinRun(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03(.02-0.11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%(7.5%-41.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07(0.04-0.20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9%(7.9%-39.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13(0.08-0.37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3%(6.6%-32.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76(0.54-1.26)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%(5.1%-11.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LYP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65(0.50-0.93)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%(4.0%-7.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.60(4.61-7.14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%(6.6%-10.2%)</td></tr></table>

# Imprecision/Reproducibility

# G006

Repeatability and within-laboratory precision were determined in accordance with CLSI guideline EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods: A Statistical Approach and CLSI guideline EP15-A3: User Verification of Precision and Estimation of Bias. Samples were assayed in duplicate replicates in 2 runs per day for 20 days on 3 NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzers for a total of 80 replicates per sample. The SD and $\%$ CV of the withinrun, between-run, between-day, and total imprecision were calculated for each sample and results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyphochek PosSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOS POSSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8%</td></tr></table>

# Lot-to-lot imprecision

Lot-to-Lot imprecision was evaluated with three different lots of the NOVEOS, G006, using a panel of serum samples in two replicates per run, two runs per day for twenty days (for a total of 240 replicates per sample). The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyphochek PosSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOS POSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9%</td></tr></table>

# Site-to-site reproducibility

Site-to-site reproducibility was evaluated by testing a panel of 4 patient pools (one negative and three positive) and 2 controls (run as samples) at three sites using the same lot of reagent. Each sample was tested in five replicates per run, one run per day for five days on one NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer at each site (for a total of 75 replicates per sample). The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ResultSummary</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>WithinRun(Repeatability)SD     CV</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>BetweenDaySD  CV</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>BetweenSiteSD    CV</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ReproducibilitySD            CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02(0.01-0.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%(8.0%-11.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04(0.03-0.06)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%(6.3%-13.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18(0.12-0.42)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%(5.4%-19.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LYP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51(0. 38-0.77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%(4.5%-9.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76(0.54-1.31)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%(5.2%-12.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.56(3.63-6.14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%(6.3%-10.7%)</td></tr></table>

One result was excluded from the final analysis dataset. The test result had an error flag for insufficient sample volume that was attributed to a bubble; the test was not repeated.

# Linearity

Linearity was evaluated in accordance with CLSI guideline I/LA20, Analytical Performance Characteristics, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Utility of Immunological Assays for Human Immunoglobulin E (IgE) Antibodies of Defined Allergen Specificities, Third Edition. For each evaluation, three positive serum samples were each diluted in negative serum pool generating five 2-fold consecutive dilutions. Each diluted sample was tested in replicates of five and the each neat sample was tested in replicates of 15 all within one assay run using three lots of reagents. Dilutions of E001 specific IgE samples with analyte concentrations from 0.03 to $1 0 1 . 6 2 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , and G006 specific IgE samples with analyte concentrations of 0.06 to $1 0 4 . 9 9 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , fully encompassing the measuring interval of 0.17 to $1 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { k U } } / { \mathsf { L } }$ were used to calculate the linear regression statistics below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DilutionRange (kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegressionEquation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 - 101.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x - 0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 to 1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.79 to -0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 104.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.02x + 0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 to 1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.36 to 1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr></table>

# Interference

Interference testing was carried out in accordance with CLSI guideline EP7, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Third Edition. The following substances show less than or equal to $1 5 \%$ interference with the NOVEOS sIgE Assay, E001 & G006.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethyIprednisolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omalizumab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Cross-Reactivity

Cross-reactivity testing for E001 and G006 was carried out in accordance with CLSI guideline EP7, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline – Third Edition. For each evaluation, all samples were tested in replicates of three within one assay run using three lots of reagents. The crossreactivity with other human immunoglobulins is non-detectable at physiological concentrations of IgA, IgD, IgM and IgG.

# Cross-Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)

# E001

Specificity of NOVEOS sIgE Assay, E001, was demonstrated by assessing Competitive Inhibition in accordance with CLSI I/LA20, Analytical Performance Characteristics, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Utility of Immunological Assays for Human Immunoglobulin E Antibodies of Defined Allergen Specificities, Third Edition. For E001, all the related (E006, Guinea Pig Epithelia) and unrelated allergens (G013, Extract Velvet Grass; W011, Russian Thistle; and M004, Mucor circinelloides) assessed show $\leq 1 5 \%$ inhibition to E001.

# G006

Specificity of NOVEOS sIgE Assay, G006, was demonstrated by assessing Competitive Inhibition in accordance with CLSI I/LA20, Analytical Performance Characteristics, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Utility of Immunological Assays for Human Immunoglobulin E Antibodies of Defined Allergen Specificities, Third Edition. For G006, all the related (G202, Corn, Cultivated) and unrelated allergens (W043, Sagebrush, Common; F018, Brazil Nut; and M004, Mucor circinelloides) assessed show $\leq 1 5 \%$ inhibition to G006.

# Detection Limit

# E001

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were estimated in accordance with CLSI guideline EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition. A panel of analyte-free and low IgE samples were assayed on multiple reagent lots and instruments across six days. A total of 60 replicates of analyte-free and 300 replicates of low IgE sample were evaluated from which LoB and LoD were determined to be $0 . 0 2 \mathsf { k } \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { L }$ , and $0 . 0 6 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , respectively. The LoQ is defined as the lowest analyte concentration with a within-lab precision of $2 0 \% \mathrm { C V }$ . A panel of low analyte samples were assayed in replicates of two in 2 runs per day for 20 days, 80 replicates total. The LoQ was determined to be $0 . 1 4 \mathsf { k } \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

# G006

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were estimated in accordance with CLSI guideline EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition. A panel of analyte-free and low IgE samples were assayed on multiple reagent lots and instruments across six days. A total of 60 replicates of analyte-free and 360 replicates of low IgE sample were evaluated from which LoB and LoD were determined to be $0 . 0 3 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , and $0 . 0 6 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , respectively. The LoQ is defined as the lowest analyte concentration with a

within-lab precision of $2 0 \% \mathrm { C V }$ . A panel of low analyte samples were assayed in replicates of two in 2 runs per day for 20 days, 80 replicates total. The LoQ was determined to be $0 . 1 4 \mathsf { k } \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

# Reference Range

# E001

The expected value is negative $( { < } 0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k } \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { L } )$ for a specific allergen in a nonatopic person. Each laboratory professional should establish its own expected value. This expected value/reference range of NOVEOS sIgE, E001 in the normal population was verified by testing samples from 132 apparently healthy subjects in a clinical study. All 132 samples were tested below $< 0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

# G006

The expected value is negative $( { < } 0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k } \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { L } )$ for a specific allergen in a nonatopic person. Each laboratory professional should establish its own expected value. This expected value/reference range of NOVEOS sIgE, G006 in the normal population was verified by testing samples from 127 apparently healthy subjects in a clinical study. All 127 samples were tested below $< 0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

# Stability

Shelf life stability: Both an ongoing real-time stability study and an accelerated stability study were performed in accordance with CLSI EP25-A using three lots of NOVEOS sIgE Assay, E001 and G006. The accelerated stability data support the manufacturer’s claim of 18 to 48 month unopened shelf-life stability for the individual assay components listed in the table below. The real-time stability study is on-going for E001 and G006. Available data supports 16 month unopened shelf-life stability when stored at ${ 2 / 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ per the manufacturer’s instruction for use:

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-lifeStability* (2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent E001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent G006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">IgE Common Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diluent A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate IgE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate A and Substrate B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluo Beads ™M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">IgE Calibrator Set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Calibrator Antibody IgE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Others</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probe Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-lifeStability* (2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wash Buffer Concentrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cuvette Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE NegativeControl Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Positive Control Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr></table>

\*Results based on accelerated stability data

On-board stability: A real-time stability study using three lots of NOVEOS sIgE Assay, E001 and G006 support the on-board stability claim of 48 hours to 28 days for the individual assay components as summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board Stability(2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specific IgE Capture Reagent E001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specific IgE Capture Reagent G006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>IgE Common Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluent A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate IgE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate A and Substrate B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluo Beads ™</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>IgE Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Others</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe Wash Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash Buffer Concentrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cuvette Wash Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgE Negative Control Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgE Positive Control Pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td></tr></table>