October 29, 2021

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Kerstin Koenigs   
Official Correspondent   
Emil-von-Behring-Str. 76   
Marburg, 35041 Germany

Re: K201496 Trade/Device Name: N Latex FLC kappa, N Latex FLC lambda Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5550 Regulation Name: Immunoglobulin (Light Chain Specific) Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DFH, DEH Dated: July 29, 2021 Received: August 2, 2021

Dear Kerstin Koenigs:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ying (Katelin) Mao, Ph.D.   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name N Latex FLC kappa and N Latex FLC lambda

N LatL (FLC), type kapprype amu r ndEDTA plasma Late FLCkappanm ass s:

as an aid in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma (MM) on the BN Systems and Atellica $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CH Analyzer.   
as an aid in the diagnosis of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) on the BN Systems and Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CH Analyzer.   
as an aid in the monitoring of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) on the BN Systems.   
i i the evaluatiMonoconal Gammopathy  Undetermi Significance MGUS)on the  Systems.

ResuFL oulwu al.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# SIEMENS Healthineers

# 510(k) Summary per 21 CFR 807.92

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K201496

# 1. Submitter

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Emil-von-Behring-Str. 76   
35041 Marburg, Germany   
Contact:   
Email:   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Date of Preparation:   
Kerstin Koenigs   
kerstin.koenigs@siemens-healthineers.com   
$+ 4 9$ (173) 7318139   
$+ 4 9$ (6421) 394977   
October 20, 2021

# 2. Device Information

Trade Name:

N Latex FLC kappa N Latex FLC lambda

Common or Usual Name:

Light Chain immunological test system

Classification Name:

Immunoglobulin (light chain specific) immunological test system per 21CFR 866.5550

Product Code:

DFH (kappa) DEH (lambda)

Regulatory Class:

II

510(k) Review Panel:

Clinical Immunology (82)

# 3. Predicate Devices

The Binding Site Freelite® Human Kappa Free Kit for use on the Siemens BN II - K031016

The Binding Site Freelite® Human Lambda Free Kit for use on the Siemens BN II - K031016

# 4. Device Description / Test Principle

N Latex FLC kappa and lambda are in-vitro diagnostic reagents for the quantitative determination of free light chains (FLC), type kappa or type lambda in human serum and EDTAplasma. N Latex FLC kappa and lambda assays are used as an aid in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma (MM) and immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) and as an aid in the evaluation of Monoclonal Gammopathy of Undetermined Significance (MGUS). Monitoring of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) and evaluation of MGUS are cleared for use only on the BN Systems.

The N Latex FLC test systems are based upon the principles of particle-enhanced immunonephelometry. Polystyrene particles coated with monoclonal antibodies to human free light chains, type kappa or lambda, respectively, are agglutinated when mixed with samples containing free light chains. These aggregates scatter a beam of light passed through the sample. The intensity of the scattered light is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

The devices in this submission have not materially changed since originally cleared under K171742. The purpose for this submission is to add monitoring of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL), on the BN Systems, to the intended use.

# 5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

N Latex FLC kappa and N Latex FLC lambda assays

N Latex FLC kappa and lambda are in-vitro diagnostic reagents for the quantitative determination of free light chains (FLC), type kappa or type lambda in human serum and EDTA plasma.

N Latex FLC kappa and lambda assays are used:

as an aid in the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma (MM) on the BN Systems and Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CH Analyzer.   
as an aid in the diagnosis of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) on the BN Systems and Atellica $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CH Analyzer.   
as an aid in the monitoring of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) on the BN Systems.   
as an aid in the evaluation of Monoclonal Gammopathy of Undetermined Significance (MGUS) on the BN Systems.

Results of FLC measurements should always be interpreted in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

510(k) Premarket Notification for Addition of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) Monitoring Claim to N Latex FLC kappa and lambda

# Precaution

The performance of N Latex FLC kappa and lambda has not been thoroughly studied in IgM and Light Chain MGUS patients due to the low prevalence of these subtypes. Patients with decreased renal function may have elevated FLC kappa and FLC lambda (Jacobs et al. N Latex FLC serum free light-chain assays in patients with renal impairment. Clin Chem Lab Med 2013, DOI 10.1515/cclm-2013-0864). Sample populations excluded MGUS populations that were further diagnosed with a disease/disorder in subsequent testing with another medical device such as human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis, and chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Thus, because the samples were enriched the specificity of the test may be inflated.

# N FLC Supplementary Reagent

Supplementary reagent for the immunonephelometric determination of free light chains (FLC), type kappa and type lambda on BN Systems. A mixture of both supplementary reagents is used to suppress interference by rheumatoid factors and human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA).

Special Conditions for Use:

For prescription use only.

Special instrument requirements:

BN II (K943997) and BN ProSpec Systems (K001647)

# 6. Technical Characteristics

Similarities and Differences to the Predicate

A comparison of the similarities and differences between the proposed Siemens Healthcare Latex FLC kappa and lambda assays versus The Binding Site (TBS) Freelite Human Kappa Free Kit and Lambda Free Kit assays (predicate devices) is provided in the table below.

510(k) Premarket Notification for Addition of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) Monitoring Claim to N Latex FLC kappa and lambda   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison of Technological Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DevicesThe Binding SiteFreelite® Human Kappa Free Kitand Freelite® Human LambdaFree Kit on the Siemens BN IIK031016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed DevicesSiemens HealthcareBN SystemsN Latex FLC kappaN Latex FLC lambdaK171742, K182098, K193047</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa: This kit is intended for thequantitation of kappa free light chainsin serum and urine on the SiemensBN II. Measurement of free lightchains aids in the diagnosis andmonitoring of multiple myeloma,lymphocytic neoplasms,Waldenstrom&#x27;s macroglobulinemia,AL amyloidosis, light chain depositiondisease and connective tissuediseases such as systemic lupuserythematosus in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.Lambda: This kit is intended for thequantitation of lambda free lightchains in serum and urine on theSiemens BN ™ II. Measurement offree light chains aids in the diagnosisand monitoring of multiple myeloma,lymphocytic neoplasms,Waldenstrom&#x27;s macroglobulinemia,AL amyloidosis, light chain depositiondisease and connective tissuediseases such as systemic lupuserythematosus in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Latex FLC kappa and lambda are in-vitro diagnostic reagents for thequantitative determination of free lightchains (FLC), type kappa or typelambda in human serum and EDTAplasma.N Latex FLC kappa and lambda assaysare used:• as an aid in the diagnosis andmonitoring of multiple myeloma (MM)on the BN Systems and Atellica® CHAnalyzer. as an aid in the diagnosis ofimmunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis(AL) on the BN Systems and Atellica®CH Analyzer. as an aid in the monitoring ofimmunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis(AL) on the BN Systems.• as an aid in the evaluation ofMonoclonal Gammopathy ofUndetermined Significance (MGUS) onthe BN Systems.Results of FLC measurements shouldalways be interpreted in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinicalfindings.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and EDTA plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NephelometryPolystyrene particles coated withpolyclonal monospecific antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NephelometryPolystyrene particles coated withmonoclonal antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal reference preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Reference Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

510(k) Premarket Notification for Addition of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) Monitoring Claim to N Latex FLC kappa and lambda   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DevicesThe Binding SiteFreelite® Human Kappa Free Kitand Freelite® Human LambdaFree Kit on the Siemens BN IIK031016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed DevicesSiemens HealthcareBN SystemsN Latex FLC kappaN Latex FLC lambdaK171742, K182098, K193047</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens BN II System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens BN II and BN ProSpecSystems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalMeasuringRange(Calibrator lotdependent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa: 5.9 to 190 mg/LLambda: 5.0 to 160 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>kappa: 3.4 to 110 mg/Llambda: 1.9 to 60 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa: 3.30 to 19.40 mg/LLambda: 5.71 to 26.30 mg/LRatio: 0.26 to 1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>kappa: 8.24 - 28.90 mg/Llambda: 9.10 - 32.60 mg/LRatio: 0.53 to 1.51</td></tr></table>

The differences between the predicate devices and proposed reagents do not result in a change to the intended use, the indications for use, or the safety and efficacy when used according to the product labeling.

# 7. Performance Data

Performance Data: Extended indication for monitoring of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL).

See submissions K171742, K182098 and K193047 for previously documented analytical and clinical studies:

Precision and Reproducibility Linearity / Assay Measuring Range   
• Antigen Excess   
• Stability Detection Capabilities Analytical Specificity / Interferences   
• Expected Values Clinical Specificity and Sensitivity Method Comparison to Predicate Devices

# 7.1 Performance data for monitoring of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) patients

The Latex FLC assays were evaluated on BN II Systems in a multi-center study to evaluate performance in monitoring immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) patients. N Latex FLC kappa and lambda assays were compared to Freelite Kappa and Lambda assays (predicate

510(k) Premarket Notification for Addition of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) Monitoring Claim to N Latex FLC kappa and lambda

devices) in a method comparison analysis. In addition, both methods were compared to the patient’s “clinical response”, taking into account all available clinical and laboratory information.

For each of the comparisons these three evaluation modes were applied to all immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) data sets, respectively:

Evaluation Mode 11 Evaluation Mode $2 ^ { 2 }$ Evaluation Mode $3 ^ { 3 - 4 }$

Response evaluation was done by comparing changes between the initial sample draw and each consecutive blood draw independently, applying the rules as outlined in the table below.

# Therapy Response Criteria

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCCN ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum M ProteinI IFE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation Mode1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation Mode2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation Mode3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CR(Complete Response)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and UrineIFE negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLC levels andratio normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLC levels andratio normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLC levels andratio normal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR(Very Good PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reduction in thedFLC to &lt;40 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reduction in thedFLC to &lt;40 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reduction in thedFLC to &lt;40 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PR(Partial Response)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dFLC ≥ 50 mg/LA greater than50% reduction inthe initial dFLCvalue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dFLC ≥ 50 mg/LA greater than50% reduction inthe initial dFLCvalue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dFLC ≥ 50 mg/L1.A greater than50% reductionin the initialdFLC value2.For patientswith an initialdFLC value ofless than 50mg/L a low FLCresponse isindicated ifdFLC &lt; 10mg/L*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Stable Disease)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than a PR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than a PR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than a PR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PD(ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>From CR, anydetectablemonoclonalproteinFrom PR, 50%increase in serumM protein to&gt; 0.5g/dL or 50%increase in urineM protein to &gt; 200mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>From CR,abnormal FLCratio (light chainmust at leastdoubleFrom PR, SerumFLC increase of≥ 50% to iFLC&gt; 100 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>From CR,abnormal FLCratio (light chainmust at leastdoubleFrom PR, SerumFLC increase of≥ 50% to dFLC&gt; 50 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>From CR,abnormal FLCratio (light chainmust at leastdoubleFrom PR, SerumFLC increase of≥ 50% to dFLC&gt; 20 and 20%increase ofbaseline</td></tr></table>

Note: For dFLC $\mathtt { < 5 0 }$ it is considered low-dFLC response and based on this citation3 the sponsors combined partial response with low-dFLC response.

The following studies were performed in support of an immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) monitoring claim:

# Comparison to Predicate Devices

For comparison of the five response criteria (CR (Complete Response), VGPR (Very Good Partial Response), PR (Partial Response), SD (Stable Disease), PD (Progressive Disease)) three evaluation modes were applied to all immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) data sets. Siemens favors using evaluation mode 2.

Response categories were determined for free light chain testing by Siemens Healthcare N Latex FLC and TBS Freelite Kappa Free and Lambda Free. Response evaluation was done by comparing changes between the initial sample draw and each consecutive blood draw independently. The response levels obtained by the two different test systems were compared in 5x5 contingency tables and relative agreement calculated.

Agreement of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onN Latex FLCresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Freelite results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td></tr></table>

Agreement Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.6 - 83.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.3 - 92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4 - 71.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.4 - 96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.4 - 92.3%</td></tr></table>

Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8% (11/16)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.4 - 92.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (220/225)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8 - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

Agreement of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onN Latex FLCresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Freelite results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td></tr></table>

Agreement Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.6 - 86.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.4 - 91.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 - 60.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.5 - 95.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0 - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2% (15/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (219/224)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 - 99.6%</td></tr></table>

Agreement of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased on NLatex FLCresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Freelite results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td></tr></table>

Agreement Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.0 - 83.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.2 - 93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1 - 76.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.0 - 96.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8 - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Freelite (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0% (18/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% (217/221)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3 - 99.6%</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Clinical Status

For comparison of the five response criteria (CR (Complete Response), VGPR (Very Good Partial Response), PR (Partial Response), SD (Stable Disease), PD (Progressive Disease)) three evaluation modes were applied to all immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) data sets. Siemens favors using evaluation mode 2.

Response categories were determined for free light chain testing by Siemens Healthcare N Latex FLC and TBS Freelite Kappa Free and Lambda Free, respectively. Response evaluation was done by comparing changes between the initial sample draw and each consecutive blood draw independently.

The response levels obtained by the two different test systems were compared to the clinical response level provided by the physician taking into account all available clinical and laboratory information. Relative agreement between the clinical response (including further information in addition to serum testing) and the response level applying the clinical response criteria by either using N Latex FLC or the predicate device were calculated, also using 5x5 contingency tables, and compared.

Immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL): Concordance Rate N Latex FLC Kappa and Lambda versus Clinical Status

Concordance of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onN Latex FLCresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Clinical Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr></table>

Concordance Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcordanceRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6 - 75.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6 - 88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8 - 30.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.6 - 75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6 - 78.9%</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity and Specificity and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9% (9/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6 - 78.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6% (198/205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2 - 99.5%</td></tr></table>

Concordance of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onN Latex FLCresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Clinical Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr></table>

Concordance Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcordanceRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 - 74.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6 - 88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0 - 30.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.2 - 72.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1 - 88.2%</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity and Specificity and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.6% (12/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1 - 88.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1% (197/205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8 - 99.0%</td></tr></table>

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH Confidential

Concordance of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onN Latex FLCresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Clinical Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr></table>

Concordance Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcordanceRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0 - 74.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.4 - 89.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9 - 30.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 - 72.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9 - 93.8%</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity and Specificity and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of N Latex FLC versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.5% (13/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9 - 93.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6% (196/205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3 - 99.0%</td></tr></table>

immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL): Agreement Rate Freelite Kappa and Lambda versus Clinical Status

Concordance of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onFreeliteresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Clinical Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr></table>

Concordance Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Responseriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcordanceRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.7 - 87.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.9 - 85.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2 - 29.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2 - 70.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9 - 82.4%</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity and Specificity and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7% (11/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9 - 82.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6% (200/205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8 - 99.5%</td></tr></table>

Concordance of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onFFreeliteresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Clinical Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDiseas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr></table>

Concordance Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcordanceRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3 - 84.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.1 - 82.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9 - 30.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7 - 68.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6 - 80.0%</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity and Specificity and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8% (10/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6 - 80.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6% (198/205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2 - 99.5%</td></tr></table>

Concordance of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResponseCriteriabased onFFreeliteresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Response Criteria based on Clinical Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr></table>

Concordance Rate and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResponseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompleteResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VGPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PartialResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StableDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProgressiveDisease</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcordanceRate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIBootstrap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4 - 91.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.6 - 84.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 - 29.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7 - 66.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9 - 83.3%</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity and Specificity and $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals of Freelite versus Clinical Status (Evaluation Mode 3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result(n / Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Bootstrap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7% (11/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9 - 83.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6% (196/205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4 - 99.0%</td></tr></table>

510(k) Premarket Notification for Addition of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) Monitoring Claim to N Latex FLC kappa and lambda

# Comparison to Predicate Devices using Follow-up Graphs

Patients were monitored and tested using N Latex FLC kappa and lambda and Freelite Kappa and Lambda after initiation of the first therapy phase and at intervals of $\geq$ one week with a total of at least three collections. Two graphs each were established for the 72 patients included in the study, one using involved free light chain (iFLC) and one using the difference between the two free light chain concentrations (dFLC).

While N Latex FLC kappa and lambda and Freelite Kappa and Lambda assays react in the same manner and follow a parallel response, they do not always agree in the magnitude of concentration. For this reason, different free light assays cannot be used interchangeably (as stated in the sponsor’s package insert). They do, for the most part, follow a parallel path.

# References

1) National Comprehensive Cancer Network. "NCCN clinical practice guidelines in oncology (NCCN guidelines)." Systemic Light Chain Amyloidosis Version 1 (2022): 1-27.   
2) Peter Mollee, Jill Tate and Carel J. Pretorius, “Evaluation of the N Latex light chain assay in the diagnosis and monitoring of AL amyloidosis”, in Clin Chem Lab Med 2013.   
3) Paolo Milani, Giampaolo Merlini and Giovanni Palladini, “Novel Therapies in Light Chain Amyloidosis”, in Kidney International Reports (2018) 3, 530–541.   
4) Giovanni Palladini and Giampaolo Merlini, “When should treatment of AL amyloidosis start at relapse? Early, to prevent organ progression”, in Blood Advances, Point Counterpoint, Jan 2019, Vol 3, No. 2.

# 8. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is adequate and satisfies requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 9. Conclusion

The N Latex FLC kappa and lambda reagents with the expanded intended use to include monitoring of immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis (AL) patients are substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate devices FDA cleared under K031016.

# END OF SUMMARY