PerkinElmer Inc   
Casey Fox, Ph.D.   
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs 940 Winter St   
Waltham, MA 02451

Re: K203035 Trade/Device Name: Eonis SCID-SMA kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5930 Regulation Name: Newborn screening test for severe combined immunodeficiency disorder (SCID) Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PJI Dated: April 28, 2021 Received: April 30, 2021

Dear Dr. Fox:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Pamela S. Gallagher - S

Digitally signed by Pamela S. Gallagher -S   
Date: 2022.11.09 09:36:15 -05'00' Pamela Ebrahimi, Ph.D.   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Molecular Genetics   
and Pathology   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Eonis™ SCID-SMA kit

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Eonis™ SCID-SMA kit is intended for the semi-quantitative determination of TREC (T-cell receptor excision circle) as an aid in screening newborns for Severe Combined Immunodeficiency (SCID) and for the semi-quantitative determination of KREC (Kappa-deleting recombination excision circle) as an aid in screening newborns for X-linked agammaglobulinemia (XLA). The test is intended for DNA from blood specimens dried on a filter paper and for use on the QuantStudio™ Dx Real-Time PCR instrument.

This test is not intended for screening of SCID-like Syndromes, such as DiGeorge Syndrome, or Omenn Syndrome. It is also not intended to screen for less acute SCID syndromes such as leaky-SCID or variant SCID. The test is not indicated for screening B-cell deficiency disorders other than XLA, such as atypical XLA, or for screening of XLA carriers.

This test is not intended for use as a diagnostic test and a positive screening result should be followed by confirmatory testing.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is supplied in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned number is k203035

# Submitted by:

PerkinElmer, Inc. 940 Winter Street Waltham MA 02451

# Contact Person:

Casey Fox Tel: 408-823-5561

# Trade Name:

# Common Name:

# Regulation:

21 CFR 866.5930

# Classification:

II

# Panel:

75 Chemistry

# Product Code:

PJI

Predicate device:

PerkinElmer ENLITE™ Neonatal TREC Kit (DEN140010)

# 1. Device Description

The Eonis SCID-SMA kit is a multiplex real-time PCR-based assay. It uses target sequence-specific primers and TaqMan™ probes to amplify and detect three targets: TREC, KREC, and RPP30, in the DNA extracted from newborn dried blood spot (DBS) using Eonis DNA Extraction kit in a single PCR reaction.

Each Eonis SCID-SMA kit contains reagents for up to 384 reactions (for 3241-001U) or 1152 reactions (for 3242- 001U) including kit controls.

Table 1 Eonis SCID-SMA Kit content   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCID-SMA Kit Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 filter paper cassettes containing 4 sets of dried bloodspots for 384 reaction kit4 filter paper cassettes containing 8 sets of dried bloodspots for 1152 reaction kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C1 Analyte-negative (TREC/KREC) control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C2 Low TREC/KREC control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C3 High TREC/KREC control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Reagent 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 2.7 mL for 384 reaction kit3 vials, 2.7 mL for 1152 reaction kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Reagent 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 2.7 mL for 384 reaction kit3 vials, 2.7 mL for 1152 reaction kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot-specificquality control certificate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 pc</td></tr></table>

# 2. Intended Use

The Eonis™ SCID-SMA kit is intended for the semi-quantitative determination of TREC (T-cell receptor excision circle) as an aid in screening newborns for Severe Combined Immunodeficiency (SCID) and for the semiquantitative determination of KREC (Kappa-deleting recombination excision circle) as an aid in screening newborns for X-linked agammaglobulinemia (XLA). The test is intended for DNA from blood specimens dried on a filter paper and for use on the QuantStudio™ Dx Real-Time PCR instrument.

This test is not intended for screening of SCID-like Syndromes, such as DiGeorge Syndrome, or Omenn Syndrome. It is also not intended to screen for less acute SCID syndromes such as leaky-SCID or variant SCID. The test is not indicated for screening B-cell deficiency disorders other than XLA, such as atypical XLA, or for screening of XLA carriers.

This test is not intended for use as a diagnostic test and a positive screening result should be followed by confirmatory testing.

# 3. Substantial Equivalency

The PerkinElmer Eonis SCID-SMA kit claims substantial equivalency to the PerkinElmer ENLITE™ Neonatal TREC Kit (DEN140010). Both devices are test systems intended for screening newborns for inherited immunodeficiency disorders.

The EnLite™ Neonatal TREC Kit is an in vitro diagnostic device intended for the semi-quantitative determination of TREC (T-cell receptor excision circle) DNA in blood specimens dried on filter paper. The test is indicated for use as an aid in screening newborns for severe combined immunodeficiency disorder (SCID).

Both devices are test systems intended for the semi-quantitative determination of TREC (T-cell receptor excision circle) DNA in blood specimens dried on filter paper on PCR instruments. In addition, Eonis SCID-SMA kit is intended for the semi-quantitative determination of KREC (Kappa-deleting recombination excision circle) as an aid in screening newborns for X-linked agammaglobulinemia (XLA).

The EnLite™ Neonatal TREC Kit uses a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based nucleic acid amplification and time-resolved fluorescent-based detection to semi-quantify concentration. The PerkinElmer Eonis SCID-SMA Kit also uses fluorescent-based PCR nucleic acid amplification and detection to semi-quantify the same concentration. The use of PCR in newborn screening is well-established, and introduction of well-established real-time detection (qPCR) does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness due to its use in this device.

Both devices are not intended for use as a diagnostic test or for screening of SCID-like Syndromes, such as DiGeorge Syndrome, or Omenn Syndrome. It is also not intended to screen for less acute SCID syndromes such as leaky-SCID or variant SCID.

In a study of 3018 clinical newborn samples with known medical status, 17 of which were confirmed positive for SCID and 6 were confirmed positive for XLA, the PerkinElmer Eonis SCID-SMA kit demonstrated the following sensitivity and specificity:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False-negativerate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False-positiverate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confidence Limits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.5 % - NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA - 19.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4 % - 99.9 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 % - 0.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>KREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confidence Limits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.1 % - NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA - 45.9 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4 % - 99.9 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 % - 0.6 %</td></tr></table>

In a study of 5437 clinical newborn samples with known medical status, 17 of which were confirmed positive for SCID, the PerkinElmer EnLite Neonatal TREC kit (excluding invalid results) demonstrated the following

sensitivity and specificity (DEN140010):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False-negative rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False-positiverate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confidence Limits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.4 % - NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA - 20.6 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4 % - 99.8 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 % - 0.6 %</td></tr></table>

Table below provides the similarities and differences of the proposed device and the predicate. The analytical and clinical tests performed with the EONIS SCID-SMA kit have demonstrated that the two products are substantially equivalent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed DeviceEONIS SCID-SMA kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateENLITE™M Neonatal TREC Kit(DEN140010).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Eonis™ SCID-SMA kit is intended for the semi-quantitative determination of TREC (T-cell receptorexcision circle) as an aid in screening newborns forSevere Combined Immunodeficiency (SCID) and forthe semi-quantitative determination of KREC(Kappa-deleting recombination excision circle) asan aid in screening newborns for X-linkedagammaglobulinemia (XLA). The test is intended forDNA from blood specimens dried on a filter paperand for use on the QuantStudio™ Dx Real-Time PCRinstrument.This test is not intended for screening of SCID-likeSyndromes, such as DiGeorge Syndrome, or OmennSyndrome. It is also not intended to screen for lessacute SCID syndromes such as leaky-SCID or variantSCID. The test is not indicated for screening B-celldeficiency disorders other than XLA, such asatypical XLA, or for screening of XLA carriers.This test is not intended for use as a diagnostic testand a positive screening result should be followedby confirmatory testing.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The EnLite™ Neonatal TREC Kit is anin vitro diagnostic device intendedfor the semi-quantitativedetermination of TREC (T-cellreceptor excision circle) DNA in bloodspecimens dried on filter paper. Thetest is for use on the VICTOR™ EnLiteinstrument. The test is indicated foruse as an aid in screening newbornsfor severe combinedimmunodeficiency disorder (SCID).This test is not intended for use as adiagnostic test or for screening ofSCID-like Syndromes, such asDiGeorge Syndrome, or OmennSyndrome. It is also not intended toscreen for less acute SCID syndromessuch as leaky-SCID or variant SCID.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative, multiplex real-time fluorescent-based polymerase chain reaction (PCR) basednucleic acid amplification and detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative, polymerase chainreaction (PCR) based nucleic acidamplification and time-resolvedfluorescence resonance energytransfer (TR-FRET) based detection</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument /SoftwarePlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>QuantStudio™ Dx Real-Time PCR instrument(K123955) and Eonis Analysis Software</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>VICTOR™ EnLite instrument and theEnLite™ workstation software.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Punch from dried blood spot (DBS) specimen</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>TREC 242 - 4320 copies/105 cellsKREC 459 - 24300 copies/105 cells</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>TREC 29-473 copies/μL blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Limitsof Measure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>TREC LoB=0 copies/105 cells, LoD=LoQ=242copies/105 cellsKREC LoB=0 copies/105 cells, LoD=LoQ=459copies/105 cells</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>TREC LoB=3 copies/ μL blood,LoD=20 copies/ μL blood, LoQ=29copies/ µL blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators /Standards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Calibration is based on internal reference (RPP30)in each well and manufacturer calibration for eachkit lot.</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>3 levels of DBS calibrators preparedfrom porcine whole blood spikedwith TREC and beta-actin (reference)plasmids, and a no-template blank</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>3 levels of DBS controls prepared from leucocyte-depleted human red blood cells and TREC, KREC,SMN1 and RPP30 plasmids spiked in, plus Notemplate control (NTC)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>3 levels of DBS controls preparedfrom porcine whole blood, TREC andbeta-actin (reference) plasmidsspiked in.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ExpectedValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>EY</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytecopies/105cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Analytecopies/μLblood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3341</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>9990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>563</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2846</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3341</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>484</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SampleRange(copies/105cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Lognormal %CVRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>SampleRange(copies/μLblood)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Lognormal%CV Range</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>299 - 3867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>27%-65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>KREC</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>763 - 9648</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>26%-50%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>56 - 545</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>49%-87%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=21></td></tr></table>

# 4. Summary of the Studies

# SITE-TO-SITE REPRODUCIBILITY

The reproducibility of the Eonis SCID-SMA assay was determined using a panel of dried blood spots at different TREC, KREC levels, 1 reagent kit lot, 2 external newborn screening laboratories and 1 internal site. In each laboratory, 2 operators performed 5 runs each during 5 operating days. Each run consisted of 1 plate with 5 replicates per sample. Total number of measurements was 150 per sample (50 replicates per sample in each laboratory). The analysis of variance approach was used to calculate the following:

The values in the mean TREC and KREC copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells column are transformed from logarithmic (Ln) mean values, and therefore they represent geometric means in the copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells scale. The analysis of variance approach was used to calculate the results presented as SDs in the logarithmic (Ln) scale complemented with total $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ in lognormal scale. Summary mean, min and max copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells and SD and $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ results without log transformation for total imprecision are also shown.

TREC Reproducibility data pooled across three laboratories.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Calculations with logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GeometricMean(Copies105/cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ln(Copies105/cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeata-bility LnSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenRun Ln SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenOperatorLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenSite Ln SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Log-normalCV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr></table>

TREC total variation results without logarithmic transformation.   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">cYanmaGYellowb</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Calculations without logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Min (Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max (Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">308</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">cYanmaGelowb</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Calculations without logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Min (Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max (Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(Copies/105 cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">796</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">346</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">174</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">952</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1792</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">272</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">997</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2563</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">349</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1076</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">497</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2490</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">335</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1526</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">654</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2411</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">370</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3388</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">513</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">767</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4076</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2043</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16934</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1590</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4601</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">797</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">218936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">384*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8571</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3233</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14974</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2420</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9277</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr></table>

\*Dataset for sample 8 has one high outlier (max value) affecting the variability estimate. Without the outlier, the estimated CV is $41 \%$ and similar to other samples within the measuring range.

KREC Reproducibility data pooled across three laboratories.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Calculations with logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GeometricMean (Copies105/cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ln(Copies105/cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeata-bilityLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenRunLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenOperatorLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenSiteLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total LnSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Log-normalCV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3849</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9648</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16531</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td></tr></table>

KREC total variation results without logarithmic transformation.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cYanmaGYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Calculations without logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min (Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max (Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2877</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6788</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7746</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>960</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1567</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36630</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4735</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1564</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16967</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16955</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr></table>

# PRECISION

The quantitative precision was determined in accordance with CLSI document EP05-A3.

The variation of the Eonis SCID-SMA assay was determined using dried blood spot samples, 3 kit lots, 3 sets of Eonis test systems (including three JANUS Extraction Instruments, three JANUS PCR Mastermix Instruments and three QuantStudio™ Dx Real-Time PCR Instruments), 2 operators, and 54 runs over 23 calendar days. Each run consisted of 1 plate with 2 replicates per sample in a randomized plate map. Total number of measurements was 108 per sample. The analysis of variance approach was used to calculate the following:

The values in the mean TREC and KREC copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells column are transformed from logarithmic (Ln) mean values, and therefore they represent geometric means in the copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells scale. The analysis of variance approach was used to calculate the results presented as SDs in the logarithmic (Ln) scale complemented with total $\% C V s$ in lognormal scale. Summary mean, min and max copies $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells and SD and $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ results without log transformation for total imprecision are also shown.

TREC Precision data across three kit lots and three instruments.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">Calculations with logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeometricMean (Copies105/cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean Ln(Copies105/cells)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Repeata-bilityLn SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BetweenRunLn SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BetweenInstrument LnSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BetweenLotLn SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total LnSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Log-normalCV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4866</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8604</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11048</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr></table>

TREC total variation results without logarithmic transformation.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cYanmaGelw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Calculations without logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min (Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max (Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5754</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr></table>

KREC Precision data across three kit lots and three instruments.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Calculations with logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GeometricMean(Copies105/cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ln(Copies105/cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeata-bilityLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenRunLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenInstrument LnSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenLotLn SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total LnSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Log-normalCV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2416</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3361</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5541</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8691</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13494</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39735</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr></table>

KREC total variation results without logarithmic transformation.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cYanmaGYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Calculations without logarithmic transformation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min (Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max (Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Copies/105 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2605</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>898</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5774</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2707</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23846</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23372</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5673</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4960</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41717</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

Qualitative imprecision was determined in accordance with CLSI document EP12-A2 to classify the results, using the screening performance study cut-offs (262 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells for TREC, 484 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells for KREC). The C5- C95 interval was determined to be 79–626 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells for TREC, and 189–1064 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells for KREC.

Concentrations outside of these intervals were considered to be consistently analyte negative (concentrations ${ < } \mathsf { C } 5$ , equals to screen positive) or consistently analyte positive (concentrations ${ \tt > } \mathsf { C } 9 5 $ , equals to screen negative).

# LIMIT OF DETECTION

The Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were determined in accordance with CLSI document EP17-A2. The data for LoB was analyzed using “Assign LoB $=$ Zero and Confirm” approach. The data for LoD was analyzed with probit approach.

Based on 300 determinations of blank samples (150 for each kit lot) the limit of blank (LoB) for TREC, KREC, SMN1 is 0 copies $ { \mu }  { \iota }$ blood and 0 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells.

Based on total of 960 determinations, 20 replicates per dilution, the limit of detection (LoD) for TREC is 242 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells with $9 5 \%$ probability. The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) for TREC is 242 copies $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells, which is equal to LoD. The limit of detection (LoD) for KREC is 459 copies $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells) with $9 5 \%$ probability. The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) for KREC is 459 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells, which is equal to LoD.

# LINEARITY

Linearity was determined in accordance with CLSI document EP06 ED2:2020 with one kit lot. Three (3) sets of contrived samples were used for this evaluation. Two sample sets were diluted to 9 levels and tested with 4 replicates for each level. For KREC the linearity panel was amended with results from LoD-study to reach lower concentrations. The allowable maximum deviation from linearity in the study was $2 5 \%$ .

The Eonis SCID-SMA assay is demonstrated to be linear for TREC from 94 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells to 4316 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells with observed maximum deviation of $- 1 4 . 3 \%$ . The KREC analyte is demonstrated to be linear from 117 to 24343 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells with observed maximum deviation of $1 7 . 3 \%$ .

# INTERFERENCE

The Eonis SCID-SMA kit was evaluated for interference from potential endogenous and exogenous sources in accordance with CLSI document EP07-A3.

The following potentially interfering substances were added to whole blood spiked with at three different TREC plasmid and KREC plasmid concentrations and were found not to interfere at the concentration indicated.

Interference substances tested and their concentrations

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Added concentration of tested substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6 mg/dL in blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 g/L in blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/dL in blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL in blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7500 USP /dL in blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8 mg/mL in blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na-citrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0645 mol/L in blood</td></tr></table>

# SCREENING PERFORMANCE

The screening performance of the Eonis SCID-SMA kit was determined in a clinical study conducted in Denmark. Retrospective archived dried blood spot specimens (collected from US and Denmark) from subjects confirmed positive for SCID, XLA were included to enrich the cohort of routine newborn screening specimens obtained from the Danish Newborn Screening Biobank.

Confirmatory test results were used as the comparator for the confirmed positive SCID, XLA cases. The clinical status of the routine subjects was determined through a retrospective review by clinical experts to confirm the routine subject cohort samples were from unaffected individuals.

Using the data collected to establish the expected values, the cut-off values of the Eonis SCID-SMA kit were determined by calculating the TREC and KREC concentrations corresponding to the $0 . 3 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ and $1 . 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ population percentiles (262 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells for TREC, 484 copies/ $\mathtt { 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ cells for KREC) established in a cut-off study with an independent dataset. The specimens having TREC and KREC levels below the cut-off values in the initial round of testing were re-tested in duplicate. The final results (presumptive normal, presumptive positive, invalid result) were classified after the second round of testing. Summary of the retest rate and final results for routine screening specimens is provided below.

Summary of the samples tested in the pivotal study.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Routine screening samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SMN1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KREC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screened samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial screen positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial screen negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retest rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final screen positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final screen negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3004</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False-positive rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr></table>

The screening performance of the Eonis SCID-SMA kit was established by measuring TREC, KREC (and RPP30) in 3090 DBS specimens.

In total, 17 SCID and 6 XLA retrospective case specimens and 3018 normal newborn screening specimens were available for the study. The screening performance of the Eonis SCID-SMA kit was established by measuring TREC, and KREC (and RPP30) and the final results after retesting are presented below.

Screening performance of Eonis SCID-SMA kit.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>TREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clinical Status</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCID affected (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Screeningresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presumptive positive (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (0.3 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 (0.9 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presumptive normal (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3008 (99.7 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3008 (99.1 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3017 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3034 (100 %)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>KREC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clinical Status</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XLA affected (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Screeningresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presumptive positive (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9* (0.3 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (0.5 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presumptive normal (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3004 (99.7 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3004 (99.5 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3013 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3019 (100 %)</td></tr></table>

\*Includes one false positive result from a female subject. In female population the false positive rate is estimated to be $0 . 1 \%$

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>KREC(Male only)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clinical Status</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XLA affected (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Screeningresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presumptive positive (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (0.5 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (0.9 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presumptive normal (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1515 (99.5 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1515 (99.1 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1523 (100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1529 (100 %)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The Eonis SCID-SMA kit demonstrates analytical and screening performance that supports its substantial equivalency with the predicate device, PerkinElmer ENLITE™ Neonatal TREC Kit (DEN140010).