July 27, 2022

Phadia AB   
$\%$ Jane Anthony   
Senior Manager, Quality Systems and Compliance Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue   
Portage, Michigan 49002

Re: K210902 Trade/Device Name: EliA Ro52 EliA Ro60 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5100 Regulation Name: Antinuclear Antibody Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LKJ Dated: April 4, 2022 Received: April 6, 2022

Dear Jane Anthony:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology   
and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">K210902</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">EliA Ro52</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

EliA Ro52 is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgG antibodies directed to Ro52 in human serum as an aid in the diagnosis of Sjogren's syndrome (SS), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), systemic sclerosis (SSc) and idiopathic inflammatory myopathies (IIM) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Ro52 uses the EliA IgG method.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburenooctioationtatverhour nse,c time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete ad review the collection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">K210902</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">EliA Ro60</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

EliA Ro60 is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgG antibodies directed to Ro60 in human serum as an aid in the diagnosis of Sjogren's syndrome (SS) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Ro60 uses the EliA IgG method.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburenooctioationtatverhour nse,c time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete ad review the collection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(K) DECISION SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary is prepared in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

# Premarket Notification 510(k) No: K210902

# Date of Summary Preparation: Manufacturer:

July 25, 2022

# Phadia AB

Rapsgatan 7P   
P.O. Box 6460   
751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

# Distributor:

Phadia US Inc.

4169 Commercial Avenue Portage, MI 49002

# Company Contact Person:

# Jane Anthony

Senior Manager, Quality Systems and Compliance Phadia US Inc.   
4169 Commercial Avenue, Portage, MI 49002 269-254-6833   
jane.anthony@thermofisher.com

# Proprietary and Established Device Name:

EliA Ro52   
EliA Ro60

# Regulatory Information:

Product Code: Classification: Regulation:

LKJ   
Class II   
21 CFR 866.5100 – Antinuclear Antibody Immunological Test   
System   
Immunology

Panel:

# Purpose of Submission:

New Device

# Measurand:

IgG autoantibodies specific to SS-A/Ro proteins $5 2 \mathrm { k D a }$ and 60 kDa)

# Type of Test:

Automated semi-quantitative solid phase fluoroenzymeimmunoassay.

# Intended Use:

EliA Ro52 is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgG antibodies directed to Ro52 in human serum as an aid in the diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome (SS), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), systemic sclerosis (SSc) and idiopathic inflammatory myopathies (IIM) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Ro52 uses the EliA IgG method.

EliA Ro60 is intended for the in vitro semi-quantitative measurement of IgG antibodies directed to Ro60 in human serum as an aid in the diagnosis of Sjögren's syndrome (SS) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. EliA Ro60 uses the EliA IgG method.

# Indication(s) for Use:

Same as intended use

# Special Conditions for Use:

Rx – For Prescription Use Only

# Special Instrument Requirements:

For use on the Phadia 250 instrument and the Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series (E-modules).

# Device Description:

The EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 Immunoassays are semi-quantitative solid-phase fluoroenzyme immunoassays, for the determination of autoantibodies against SS-A/Ro 52 kDa and $6 0 \mathrm { k D a }$ proteins. The EliA Ro52 and EliA $\scriptstyle \mathrm { R o 6 0 }$ test System is a fully integrated and automated system composed of assay-specific reagents, EliA method-specific reagents, and general reagents.

# Assay-Specific Reagents include:

EliA Ro52 Wells: coated with human recombinant SS-A/Ro $\mathrm { 5 2 k D a ) }$ ) protein – 2 carriers (12 wells each), ready to use.   
EliA Ro60 Wells: coated with human recombinant SS-A/Ro ( $\mathrm { 6 0 \ k D a ) }$ protein – 4 carriers (12 wells each), ready to use.

Phadia AB, Rapsgatan 7P, P.O. Box 6460, 751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

EliA ANA Positive Control 250 or 2500/5000: Human serum in PBS containing IgG antibodies to dsDNA, RNP, Sm, Ro, La, Scl-70, CENP, and Jo-1 - 6 single use vials, $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use.   
EliA ANA 3 Positive Control 250 or 2500/5000: Human monoclonal antibodies in PBS containing BSA, detergent and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 5 \%$ (w/v)) containing IgG antibodies to Ro52, Rib-P and RNA Pol III – 6 single use vials, $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use. EliA $\mathrm { I g G / I g M / I g A I }$ Negative Control 250 or 2500/5000: Human blood preparation from healthy donors in PBS containing BSA, detergent and $0 . 0 9 5 \%$ sodium azide – 6 singleuse vials, $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use.

# EliA Method-Specific Reagents include:

EliA Sample Diluent: PBS containing BSA, detergent and $0 . 0 9 5 \%$ sodium azide – 6 bottles, $4 8 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use; or 6 bottles, $4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use.   
EliA IgG Conjugate 50 or 200: $\beta$ -Galactosidase labeled anti-IgG (mouse monoclonal antibodies) in PBS containing BSA and $0 . 0 6 \%$ sodium azide – 6 wedge shaped bottles, $5 \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use; or 6 wedge shaped bottles, $1 9 \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use.   
EliA IgG Calibrator Strips: Human IgG (0, 4, 10, 20, 100, $6 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / L } )$ in PBS containing BSA, detergent and $0 . 0 9 5 \%$ sodium azide – 5 strips, 6 single-use vials per strip, $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use.   
EliA IgG Curve Control Strips: Human IgG $( 2 0 \mu \mathrm { g / L } )$ in PBS containing BSA, detergent and $0 . 0 9 5 \%$ sodium azide – 5 strips, 6 single-use vials per strip, $0 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each, ready to use.   
EliA IgG Calibrator Well: coated with mouse monoclonal antibodies – 4 carriers (12 wells each), ready to use.

# General Reagents include:

Development Solution: $0 . 0 1 \%$ 4-Methylumbelliferyl- $\beta$ -D-galactoside, $< 0 . 0 0 1 0 \%$ preservative – 6 bottles ( $1 1 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ , $1 7 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ , or $1 1 2 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each), sufficient for $6 \mathbf { x } > 1 1 0$ , 6x ${ > } 1 7 0$ , or $6 \mathrm { x } > 1 1 6 5$ determinations. Stop Solution: $4 \%$ Sodium Carbonate – 6 bottles ( $6 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ , $1 1 9 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ , or $2 8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each), sufficient for $6 \mathbf { x } > 2 9 2$ , $6 \mathrm { x } > 5 6 0$ , or $6 { \bf x } > 1 3 1 0 0$ determinations. Washing Solution Additive: detergent, preservative $< 0 . 1 3 \% - 6 \mathrm { x } \ 1 7 . 2 \ \mathrm { m L }$ , $2 \mathrm { x } ~ 8 6 \mathrm { m L }$ , or $4 \mathrm { x } 8 5 0 \mathrm { m L }$ . Washing Solution Concentrate: phosphate buffer – $6 \mathrm { { x } ~ 8 0 ~ m L }$ , $2 \mathrm { x } ~ 4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ , or $1 \mathrm { x } ~ 2 8 0 0$ mL.

# Instrument System

The EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 Immunoassays are run on the Phadia 250 instrument and the Phadia 2500 and 5000 instrument series. The instruments are automated platforms for EliA test procedures from sample and reagent handling to the processing of results.

# Substantial Equivalence

QUANTA Flash Ro52, Inova Diagnostics Inc. (K141655) QUANTA Flash Ro60, Inova Diagnostics Inc. (K141328)

# Comparison with Predicate Device EliA Ro52:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash R052</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52 is intended for the invitro semi-quantitativemeasurement of IgG antibodiesdirected to Ro52 in humanserum as an aid in the diagnosisof Sjögren&#x27;s syndrome (SS),systemic lupus erythematosus(SLE), systemic sclerosis (SSc)and idiopathic inflammatorymyopathies (IIM) in conjunctionwith other laboratory andclinical findings. EliA Ro52uses the EliA IgG method.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash® Ro52 is achemiluminescentimmunoassay for the semi-quantitative determination ofIgG anti-Ro52 autoantibodiesin human serum. The presenceof anti-Ro52 autoantibodies, inconjunction with clinicalfindings and other laboratorytests, is an aid in the diagnosisof Systemic LupusErythematosus (SLE),Sjögren&#x27;s Syndrome, SystemicSclerosis, IdiopathicInflammatory Myopathies.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative Controlprovided with EliA ANA 3Positive Control 250 /2500/5000 and EliAIgG/IgM/IgA Negative Control250/ 2500/5000, respectively.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash® Ro52 Controls(Negative and Positive Control)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay technique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactiontemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°C controlled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°C controlled</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human recombinant SS-A/Ro52 (kDa) protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified recombinant Ro52antigen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LKJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OBE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Dilution(taking a 1%pipettingimprecision intoconsideration, thissample dilution isregarded as asimilarity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:23</td></tr></table>

Traditional 510(k) for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60, Amendment to K210902 A.7 510(k) Decision Summary_V4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash R052</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reporting of results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA U/mL (arbitrary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent units (CU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52 uses the EliA IgGmethod on the instrumentsPhadia 250 and the E-Modulesof the Phadia 2500 and Phadia5000 series.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quanta Flash Ro52 is run onthe BIO-FLASH® instrument.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection antibody(conjugate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG conjugate: anti-human IgGB-Galactosidase (mousemonoclonal antibodies)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoluminol conjugated anti-human IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Signal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative Light Units (RLU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-point total IgG Calibration6 vials of human IgG atconcentrations of0 − 4  10  20 − 100 − 600 µg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot specific Master Curve andtwo Calibrators(Sold separately)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Option to store curve for up to28 days and run curve controlsin each assay for calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>These calibrators are designedfor 4 calibrations. The totaltime the calibrator tubes can beuncapped onboard theinstrument is 8 hours. If thecalibrators are left uncapped,onboard, for any longer periodof time, they should bediscarded. Using the samecalibrator tubes for more than 8hours can result in impropercalibration of the assay, whichin turn could give erroneousresults.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation ofresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative &lt; 7 EliA U/mLEquivocal 7-10 EliA U/mLPositive &gt; 10 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative: &lt; 20 CU Positive: &gt; 20CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Development Solution 0.01 %4-Methylumbelliferyl-β-D-galactoside,&lt;0.0010% preservative**Preservative: mixture of 5-chloro-2-methyl-2H-isothiazol-3-one [EC no. 247-500-7] and 2-methyl-2H-isothiazol-3-one [ECno. 220-239-6] (3:1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;Trigger&quot; reagents</td></tr></table>

# Comparison with Predicate Device EliA Ro60:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60 is intended for the invitro semi-quantitativemeasurement of IgG antibodiesdirected to Ro60 in humanserum as an aid in the diagnosisof Sjögren&#x27;s syndrome (SS) andsystemic lupus erythematosus(SLE) in conjunction with otherlaboratory and clinical findings.EliA Ro60 uses the EliA IgGmethod.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro60 is achemiluminescentimmunoassay for the semi-quantitative determination ofIgG anti-Ro60 autoantibodiesin human serum. The presenceof anti-Ro60 autoantibodies, inconjunction with clinicalfindings and other laboratorytests, is an aid in the diagnosisof Systemic LupusErythematosus and Sjögren&#x27;sSyndrome.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.5100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative Controlprovided with EliA ANA 3Positive Control 250 /2500/5000 and EliAIgG/IgM/IgA Negative Control250 / 2500/5000, resp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash® Ro60Controls (Negative and PositiveControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay technique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactiontemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°C controlled</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37°C controlled</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human recombinant SS-A/Ro60 (kDa) protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified recombinant Ro60antigen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LKJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LLL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Dilution(taking a 1%pipettingimprecision intoconsideration, thissample dilution isregarded as asimilarity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reporting of results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA U/mL (arbitrary)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent units (CU)</td></tr></table>

Traditional 510(k) for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60, Amendment to K210902 A.7 510(k) Decision Summary_V4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash R060</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60 uses the EliA IgGmethod on the instrumentsPhadia 250 and the E-Modulesof the Phadia 2500 and Phadia5000 series.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quanta Flash Ro60 is run onthe BIO-FLASH® instrument.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection antibody(conjugate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG conjugate: anti-human IgGB-Galactosidase (mousemonoclonal antibodies)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoluminol conjugated anti-human IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Signal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative Light Units (RLU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-point total IgG Calibration6 vials of human IgG atconcentrations of0 − 4 - 10 - 20 - 100 − 600 μg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot specific Master Curve andtwo Calibrators(Sold separately)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Option to store curve for up to28 days and run curve controlsin each assay for calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>These calibrators are designedfor 4 calibrations. The totaltime the calibrator tubes can beuncapped onboard theinstrument is 8 hours. If thecalibrators are left uncapped,onboard, for any longer periodof time, they should bediscarded. Using the samecalibrator tubes for more than 8hours can result in impropercalibration of the assay, whichin turn could give erroneousresults.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation ofresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative &lt; 7 EliA U/mLEquivocal 7-10 EliA U/mLPositive &gt; 10 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative: &lt; 20 CU Positive: &gt;20 CU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Development Solution 0.01 %4-Methylumbelliferyl-β-D-galactoside,&lt;0.0010% preservative**Preservative: mixture of 5-chloro-2-methyl-2H-isothiazol-3-one [EC no. 247-500-7] and 2-methyl-2H-isothiazol-3-one [ECno. 220-239-6] (3:1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;Trigger&quot; reagents</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced

CLSI EP25-A, Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents, September 2009   
CLSI EP05-A3, Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures, September 2014   
• CLSI EP06-ED2, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures, November 2020   
• CLSI EP07-ED3, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, September 2018   
 CLSI EP37-ED1, Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing, September 2018   
CLSI EP09c-ED3, Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples, June 2018   
CLSI EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures, June 2012   
CLSI EP28-A3c, Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory, October 2010

# Test Principle

The EliA tests are fluorescence enzyme immunoassays for the detection and measurement of human antibodies based on EliA solid-phase components, which contain specific antigens for the antibodies to be measured.

The specific antigen for the antibodies to be detected is bound to the EliA solid phase component (EliA Well). The EliA wells are molded cups comparable to excised wells from a microtiter plate. They are made of polystyrene and coated with the respective antigen. The wells are, at the same time, a holder of the coupled antigen for convenient automation and a reaction chamber with reaction/washing solution handling, based on pipetting to add and aspiration to remove liquids.

If present in the patient's specimen, antibodies to these proteins bind to their specific antigen. After washing away non-bound antibodies, enzyme-labeled antibodies against human IgG antibodies (EliA IgG Conjugate) are added to form an antibody-conjugate complex. After incubation, non-bound conjugate is washed away, and the bound complex is incubated with a Development Solution. After stopping the reaction, the fluorescence in the reaction mixture is measured. The assay directly measures the amount of antibody of interest bound to the antigen coating the EliA well, therefore the higher the value of fluorescent signal detected by the instrument, the higher the amount of antibody bound and detected in the sample tested. To evaluate test results, the response for patient samples is compared directly to the response for calibrators.

# Performance Characteristics

# 1. Analytical performance:

a) Precision/Reproducibility:

To determine the precision of the assay on the Phadia 250 instrument and the Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series, the variability was assessed on 5 samples.

Three lots were used to determine the precision of the assay on Phadia 250 (totaling 252 replicate determinations per sample).

One lot was used to determine the precision of the assay on Phadia 2500E, which is a representative of the Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series.

# On Phadia 250:

To determine the precision of the assay on the Phadia 250 instrument, the variability was assessed in a study with 21 runs by examining the samples in 252 replicates on 3 Phadia 250 instruments over 7 days. The data was calculated against the calibration curve from Day 1. The statistical evaluation was performed by Analysis of Variance. The results are given in the tables below.

EliA Ro52 on Phadia 250:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean EliAU/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalImprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td></tr></table>

EliA Ro60 on Phadia 250:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean EliAU/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalImprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td></tr></table>

Within-lab Imprecision:

To determine the within-lab precision of the assay, the variability was assessed in a study with 40 runs by examining the samples in 80 replicates on 1 instrument over 20 days. The data was calculated against the calibration curve from Day 1. The statistical evaluation was performed by Analysis of Variance. The results are given in the table below.

EliA Ro52:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(EliA U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab Imprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr></table>

EliA Ro60:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(EliA U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab Imprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td></tr></table>

# Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series:

To determine the precision of the assay on the of the Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series (E-module), the variability was assessed in a study with 21 runs by examining the samples in 84 replicates on 3 Phadia 2500E instruments over 7 days. The data was calculated against the calibration curve from Day 1. The statistical evaluation was performed by Analysis of Variance. The results are given in the table below.

EliA Ro52 on Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanEliAU/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalImprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr></table>

Phadia AB, Rapsgatan 7P, P.O. Box 6460, 751 37 Uppsala, Sweden

EliA Ro60 on Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanEliAU/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalImprecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr></table>

# b) Linearity/Assay Reportable Range:

The linearity of EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 was evaluated by a study performed according to CLSI EP06-ED2. Three patient serum samples were serially diluted in at least 9 dilution steps using a blood donor serum sample and tested in quadruplicates on one batch EliA Ro52 Well and one batch EliA Ro60 Well with one set of system reagents on the Phadia 250 instrument and the Phadia 2500E instrument, respectively. Results were analyzed according to the guideline performing a weighted linear regression with intercept. All sample sets showed dilution linearity for the entire measuring range.

EliA Ro52 on Phadia 250:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.865</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.587</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.961</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.551</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.091</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.235</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9899</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample 1-3combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.130</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9928</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.045</td></tr></table>

EliA Ro52 on Phadia 2500E:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.776</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.842</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9941</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.862</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.913</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.715</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9980</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.911</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.938</td></tr></table>

Traditional 510(k) for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60, Amendment to K210902 A.7 510(k) Decision Summary_V4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.073</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9875</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.904</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.976</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample 1-3combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.094</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9942</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.902</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.953</td></tr></table>

For EliA Ro52, linearity was shown for the entire measuring range.

EliA Ro60 on Phadia 250:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.397</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.951</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9961</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.967</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.064</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.515</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.048</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.064</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.086</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.971</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample 1-3combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.076</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.069</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9979</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.081</td></tr></table>

EliA Ro60 on Phadia 2500E:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.396</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9967</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.968</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.058</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.649</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9949</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.086</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.071</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.963</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample 1-3combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.9964</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.093</td></tr></table>

For EliA Ro60, linearity was shown for the entire measuring range.

# Hook Effect/Over the Range Results:

Not applicable. Results above the upper limit of the measuring range are reported as $ { \mathrm { \sim } } 2 4 0 ^ {  { \mathrm { \ s } } }$ for both assays. No recommendations are made for dilution of samples outside measuring range in the Directions for Use.

c) Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (Controls, Calibrators, or Methods):

# Traceability:

The IgG calibrators are traceable (via unbroken chain of calibrations) to the International Reference Preparation (IRP) 67/86 of Human Serum Immunoglobulins A, G and M from WHO. New batches of IgG calibrators are compared to a secondary standard (standardized with the IRP) or the IRP directly and adjusted accordingly to meet the correct concentration.

The instrument measures specific IgG concentrations in $\mu \mathrm { g / L }$ . By using a conversion factor given by the lot-specific code of the EliA test well, the results are automatically converted to EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

# Stability:

Data for open and closed real-time stability and on-board stability of EliA IgG reagents and general EliA reagents on Phadia 250 as well as on the E-module of the Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 series were already cleared with several other EliA tests, e.g., under K141375 (EliA M2 on Phadia 250). For the Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 instrument series, they were already cleared under K061165/A003 (EliA CCP).

# Shelf-life:

The stability of EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 Wells was evaluated with a real-time study. The results support stability of the test under the recommended storage of 2 – $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 24 months for EliA Ro52 and 18 months for EliA Ro60.

# On-board stability:

The on-board stability EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 carriers (containing the antigen coated wells) was tested over 8 weeks using 3 positive and 2 negative samples only on the Phadia 250 instrument. As the storage conditions in the E-module of the Phadia 2500 and Phadia 5000 series are similar to the Phadia 250, the results can also be used for stability claims for these instruments. The on-board stability for the Phadia 250 was determined to be 28 days at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Open Stability:

Stability after first opening of the foil bag containing the EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 wells was tested with a real-time study. According to the accelerated stability study, a shelf-life of 9 months at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ after first opening can be assigned to EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 wells.

# d) Detection Limit:

Four blank and four low level samples were measured with two different reagent sets (two lots of antigen wells). The four blank samples were created from depleted IgG sera, each diluted with EliA Sample Diluent. The blank samples and the lowlevel samples were assayed in three runs using two different sets of EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 Well lots over three different days on a Phadia 250 and Phadia 2500E each in 5-fold determination. For each instrument type, the total number of combined observations for blank and low-level samples is 120 (60 per reagent set, 15 per sample and reagent set).

The results are summarized in the tables below.

EliA Ro52:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoBEliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoDEliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQEliA U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E-module of the Phadia 2500 andPhadia 5000 series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr></table>

The LoD for EliA Ro52 is 0.3 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , determined consistent with the guidelines in CLSI document EP17-A2 and with proportions of false positives $( \alpha )$ less than $5 \%$ and false negatives (β) less than $5 \%$ ; based on 240 determinations with 120 blank and 120 low-level replicates per instrument type; and LoB of 0.1 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

A harmonized LoB of 0.1 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , LoD of 0.3 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , and LoQ of 0.7 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ for the immunoassay was used.

EliA Ro60:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoBEliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoDEliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQEliA U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phadia 250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E-module of the Phadia 2500 andPhadia 5000 series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr></table>

The LoD for EliA $\scriptstyle \mathrm { R o 6 0 }$ is 0.4 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , determined consistent with the guidelines in CLSI document EP17-A2 and with proportions of false positives $( \alpha )$ less than $5 \%$ and false negatives $( \beta )$ less than $5 \%$ ; based on 240 determinations with 120 blank and 120 low-level replicates per instrument type; and LoB of 0.1 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

As the LoB, LoD and LoQ were harmonized over both instrument types, the LoB was set to 0.1 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , the LoD to 0.2 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , and the LoQ to 0.5 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ . The DfU states our current worldwide harmonized LoD of 0.4 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ for both instrument types as the lower limit of the measuring range.

e) Analytical specificity:

# Endogenous and Exogenous Interference:

A study was run to investigate whether high concentrations of potentially interfering substances in serum, like bilirubin, hemoglobin, lipemic factor, rheumatoid factor, human IgG, Ibuprofen, Losartan, Hydroxychloroquine, Azathioprine, Prednisone, Rituximab, Infliximab, Diltiazem and Omeprazole adversely affect the results of the new device.

Three serum samples (one negative sample, one sample with a concentration within the equivocal range, and one high positive sample) were spiked with the different interfering substances or blank solution. The samples were tested in triplicates. A calibration curve was run in duplicate. The runs were repeated twice. One batch of EliA antigen wells and one batch of system reagents were used throughout the studies.

The ratio of blank/spiked sample ranged from 0.90 – 1.10 for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60. No interference was observed up to the concentrations listed in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential InterferingCompound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration inundiluted sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemic factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Losartan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxychloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azathioprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rituximab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1099 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infliximab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.4 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diltiazem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Reference Sera:   
The panel of CDC ANA human reference sera $\# 1 - \# 1 2$ was tested with EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60.

In the EliA Ro52 test, CDC ANA #2 (speckled pattern in FANA), CDC ANA #7 (SSA/Ro) and CDC ANA #10 (Jo-1) showed positive results with 13.9 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , 19.5 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ and 247.4 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , respectively. CDC ANA #3 (RNP-Sm, SS-A/Ro, SS-B/La) showed an equivocal result with 7.4 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ . All other CDC ANA samples remained negative.

In the EliA Ro60 test, CDC ANA #2 (speckled pattern in FANA), CDC ANA #3 (RNP-Sm, SS-A/Ro, SS-B/La), and CDC ANA #7 (SS-A/Ro) showed positive results with 143.0 EliA U/mL, 146.2 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ and 207.2 EliA $\mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , respectively. All other CDC ANA samples remained negative.

# f) Assay Cut-Off:

# EliA Ro52:

To define the cut-off, a study was performed using a cohort consisting of 69 apparently healthy blood donors, 19 samples from SLE patients and 9 samples from Sjögren’s syndrome (SS) patients. The samples were measured on a Phadia 250 instrument.

The cut-off value of EliA Ro52 that was initially set with the intended use target diseases SLE and SS could be verified for the additional intended use groups using 10 IIM and 14 SSc patient sera.

# EliA Ro60:

To define the cut-off, a study was performed using a cohort consisting of 70 apparently healthy blood donors, 22 samples from SLE patients and 6 samples from Sjögren’s syndrome patients. The samples were measured on a Phadia 250 instrument

The cut-off was set as follows for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;7 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-10EliAU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

In case of equivocal results, it is recommended to retest the patient after 8-12 weeks.

# 2. Comparison Studies:

a) Method Comparison with Predicate Device:

A total of 208 patient serum samples with concentrations covering the measuring range were tested with EliA Ro52, EliA Ro60 and QUANTA Flash Ro52 and QUANTA Flash Ro60 assays. Observed concentrations of samples outside the measuring intervals of the EliA and/or QUANTA Flash tests were disregarded in the agreement calculations.

The tests were run in single determination and evaluated according to their Directions for Use. The results are summarized in the tables below:

EliA Ro52: equivocal results considered negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro52positive: ≥ 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro52negative: &lt; 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52positive:&gt; 10 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52negative:&lt; 10 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td></tr></table>

EliA Ro52: equivocal results considered positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x 42 / 52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.5−90.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% 127 / 129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5-99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x (42+127) /181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8 - 96.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro52positive: ≥ 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro52negative: &lt; 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52positive: &gt; 7 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52negative: &lt; 7 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x 48 / 52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.5 - 97.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% 117 / 129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.3 - 95.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x (48+117) /181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.1  94.9</td></tr></table>

# EliA Ro60: equivocal results considered negative

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro60positive: ≥ 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro60negative: &lt; 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60positive: &gt; 10 EliAU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60negative: &lt; 10 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr></table>

# Traditional 510(k) for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60, Amendment to K210902 A.7 510(k) Decision Summary_V4

EliA Ro60: equivocal results considered positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x 62 / 66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.2 - 98.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% 35 / 38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.6 - 98.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x (62+35) / 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.6 - 97.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n = 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro60positive: ≥ 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QUANTA Flash Ro60negative: &lt; 20 CU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60positive: &gt; 7 EliAU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60negative: &lt; 7 EliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x 64 / 66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5 - 99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% 31 / 38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.7 - 92.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% x (64+31) / 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2 - 96.0</td></tr></table>

b) Instrument Comparison:

# EliA Ro52:

Performance of EliA Ro52 was evaluated on the Phadia 250 and Phadia 2500E instrument using 57 positive, 6 equivocal and 30 negative samples. The samples were analyzed in single determination on one Phadia 250 and one Phadia 2500E instrument each. The regression analysis results are summarized as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46 - 1.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93 - 0.97</td></tr></table>

# EliA Ro60:

Performance of EliA Ro60 was evaluated on the Phadia 250 and Phadia 2500E instrument using 42 positive, 9 equivocal and 39 negative samples. The samples were analyzed in single determination on one Phadia 250 and one Phadia 2500E instrument each. The regression analysis results are summarized as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15 - 0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 - 1.04</td></tr></table>

# 3. Clinical Studies

c) Clinical Sensitivity and Specificity:

EliA Ro52:

In total, 755 clinically and ethnically defined serum samples, including those of US origin, were used to determine sensitivity and specificity of the assay. Samples with a diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), Sjögren’s syndrome (SS), idiopathic inflammatory myopathies (IIM) and systemic sclerosis represent the diagnostic group (target diseases: SLE $\mathrm { n } { = } 1 2 0$ , Sjögren’s syndrome $\scriptstyle \mathrm { n = 6 0 }$ , IIM $\mathrm { \tt n } { = } 9 4$ , SSc $\mathrm { \tt n } { = } 9 1$ ).

Samples with various autoimmune and infectious disease diagnoses represent the disease control group $\mathrm { ( n { = } } 3 9 0 $ ). The results are summarized in the tables below.

Results of clinically defined samples. SLE samples represented the “target disease”, SS, IIM and SSc samples were excluded, other autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases were used as “control disease”. Equivocal results were either judged as negative or positive.

Equivocal $=$ negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SLE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>441</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td></tr></table>

Equivocal $=$ positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SLE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.3 - 56.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7 - 98.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.6 - 60.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 97.4</td></tr></table>

Results of clinically defined samples. Sjögren’s syndrome samples represented the “target disease”, SLE, IIM and SSc samples were excluded, other autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases were used as “control disease”. Equivocal results were either judged as negative or positive.

Equivocal $=$ negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td></tr></table>

Equivocal $=$ positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8 - 63.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7 - 98.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.6 - 67.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 97.4</td></tr></table>

Results of clinically defined samples. IIM samples represented the “target disease”, SLE, SS, and SSc samples were excluded, other autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases were used as “control disease”. Equivocal results were either judged as negative or positive.

Equivocal $=$ negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>438</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>484</td></tr></table>

Equivocal $=$ positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>484</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5 - 46.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7 - 98.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5 - 47.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 97.4</td></tr></table>

Results of clinically defined samples. SSc samples represented the “target disease”, SLE, SS and IIM samples were excluded, other autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases were used as “control disease”. Equivocal results were either judged as negative or positive.

Equivocal $=$ negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SSc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td></tr></table>

Equivocal $=$ positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SSc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1 - 30.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7 - 98.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7 - 36.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 97.4</td></tr></table>

The table below shows the results for each clinical subgroup:

Traditional 510(k) for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60, Amendment to K210902 A.7 510(k) Decision Summary_V4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>totaln</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positiven</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocaln</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic lupus erythematosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Sjögren&#x27;s syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Idiopathic inflammatory myopathies(IIM) [total]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM PM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM DM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM Myositis/CTD-overlap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM Overlap / MCTD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM Jo-1 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIM Sporadic inclusion body myositis(sIBM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic sclerosis (SSc) [total]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SSc, diffuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SSc, limited</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SSc, various*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Celiac disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crohn&#x27;s disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTD overlap Non-MCTD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Graves&#x27; disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary antiphospholipid syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Biliary Cholangitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 1 Diabetes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr></table>

Traditional 510(k) for EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60, Amendment to K210902 A.7 510(k) Decision Summary_V4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>totaln</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positiven</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocaln</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ulcerative colitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphoma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varied Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mixed connective tissue disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid arthritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial infections [total]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial infections (Mycoplasma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial infections (Borrelia)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial infections (var. Staphylococcus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial infections (various)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral infections [total]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral infections (Dengue)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral infections (EBV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral infections (HBV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral infections (HCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral infections (HIV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral infections (various)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hashimoto&#x27;s disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vasculitis [total]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eosinophilic granulomatosis withpolyangiitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopic polyangiitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyarteritis nodosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giant cell arteritis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target diseases</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>755</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>585</td></tr></table>

\*“SSc various” group is composed of the patients having SSc, classified according to the ACR/EULAR van den Hoogen 2013 criterion. The patients were not further sub-grouped.

# EliA Ro60:

In total, 713 clinically and ethnically defined serum samples, including those of US origin, were used to determine sensitivity and specificity of the assay. Samples with a diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and Sjögren’s syndrome (SS) represent the diagnostic group (target diseases: SLE $\mathrm { n { = } 1 } 2 0 + \mathrm { S j }$ ögren’s syndrome $\mathrm { \tt n } { = } 6 0$ ). Samples with various autoimmune and infectious disease diagnoses represent the disease control group $\mathrm { ( n { = } 5 } 3 3 \mathrm { ) }$ ). The results are summarized in the tables below.

Results of clinically defined samples. SLE samples represented the “target disease”, Sjögren’s syndrome samples were excluded, other autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases were used as “control disease”, but without control group SSc since these patients may have Ro antibodies. Equivocal results were either judged as negative or positive.

Equivocal $=$ negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SLE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>498</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>562</td></tr></table>

Equivocal $=$ positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SLE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>562</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.1 - 57.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1 - 99.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.6 - 60.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8 - 99.4</td></tr></table>

Results of clinically defined samples. Sjögren’s syndrome samples represented the “target disease”, SLE samples were excluded, other autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases were used as “control disease”, but without control group SSc since these patients may have Ro antibodies. Equivocal results were either judged as negative or positive.

Equivocal $=$ negative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>455</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td></tr></table>

Equivocal $=$ positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 - 79.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1 - 99.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.6 - 82.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8 - 99.4</td></tr></table>

The table below shows the results for each clinical subgroup:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">totaln</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">positiven</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">equivocaln</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">negativen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sjögren's syndrome (SS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Idiopathic inflammatory myopathies (IIM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Systemic sclerosis (SSc) [total]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SSc, diffuse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SSc, limited</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SSc, various*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Celiac disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crohn's disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTD overlap Non-MCTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graves' disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary antiphospholipid syndrome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary Biliary Cholangitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1 Diabetes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ulcerative colitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lymphoma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varied Cancer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mixed connective tissue disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rheumatoid arthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial infections [total]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial infections (Mycoplasma)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial infections (Borrelia)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial infections (var. Staphylococcus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial infections (various)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral infections [total]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral infections (Dengue)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral infections (EBV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral infections (HBV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral infections (HCV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral infections (HIV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral infections (various)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hashimoto's disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vasculitis [total]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eosinophilic granulomatosis withpolyangiitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microscopic polyangiitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyarteritis nodosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giant cell arteritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target diseases</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">533</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">505</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">713</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">581</td></tr></table>

\*“SSc various” group is composed of the patients having SSc, classified according to the ACR/EULAR van den Hoogen 2013 criterion. The patients were not further sub-grouped.

# d) Other Clinical Supportive Data:

Not applicable.

Clinical Cut-Off: Same as assay cut-off.

# Expected Values/Reference Range:

Antibody prevalence in autoimmune patients varies widely depending on disease area. The proportion of sera from a normal population found positive for the antinuclear antibodies covered by the EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 test is below $1 \%$ . Expected values may vary depending on the population tested.

The frequency distribution for antinuclear antibodies was investigated in a group of apparently healthy subjects equally distributed by age and gender, using sera from Caucasian, African American, Hispanic and Asian population obtained from a blood bank.

The results are given in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedianEliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95th percentileEliA U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99th percentileEliA U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EliA Ro60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr></table>

# Proposed Labeling

The labeling is drafted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# Conclusion

All available data support that both immunoassays, the new devices EliA Ro52 and EliA Ro60 and their proposed predicate devices QUANTA Flash Ro52 and QUANTA Flash Ro60 perform substantially equivalent.

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.