May 13, 2021

Progenika Biopharma S.A., a Grifols company   
Diego Tejedor   
Technical Director   
Ibaizabal bidea, Edificio 504, Parque Tecnológico de Bizkaia   
Derio, Bizkaia 48160 Spain

Re: K211115 Trade/Device Name: A1AT Genotyping Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5130 Regulation Name: Alpha-1-antitrypsin immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PZH Dated: April 12, 2021 Received: April 14, 2021

Dear Diego Tejedor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ying (Katelin) Mao, Ph.D.   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name A1AT Genotyping Test

Indications for Use (Describe)

Th ProgenikaAAT geotypingki is a qulitative, olymerase chaeaction (PCR)and hybridization-base s e e tnt i  ta hean SERPINA1.The est tendor use wi nmicDNA extrac romu whol bloo sample collect dy blood spots (DBS) or in K2-EDTA or from human saliva samples collected as buccal swabs using ORAcollect·Dx OCD-00. TheAT allevarint genotypes and associateae resul, when use cnjuncion wic v The kit is indicated for prescription use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# Progenika Biopharma, S.A.

A. Name of the device: A1AT Genotyping Test B. Common name: Test for SERPINA1 gene genotyping

C. Regulatory information:

a. Classification: Class II   
b. Regulation Section: 21 CFR 866.5130, Alpha-1-antitrypsin immunological test system   
c. Classification Product Code: PZH, SERPINA1 Variant Detection System   
d. Review panel: Immunology (82)

D. Applicant: Progenika Biopharma S.A.

Address: Parque Tecnológico de Bizkaia   
Ibaizabal bidea, Edificio 504   
C.P. 48160, Derio – Bizkaia (Spain)   
Telephone number: $+ 3 4$ 94 406 45 25   
Fax number: $+ 3 4$ 94 406 45 26   
Contact person: Diego Tejedor, Technical Director   
e-mail: diego.tejedor@grifols.com

# E. Intended Use:

The Progenika A1AT genotyping kit is a qualitative, polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and hybridization-based in vitro diagnostic test to be used with the Luminex 200TM instrument (with xPONENT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ software) for the simultaneous detection and identification of 14 allelic variants and their associated alleles found in the Alpha-1 antitrypsin (A1AT) codifying gene SERPINA1. The test is intended for use with genomic DNA extracted from human whole blood samples collected as dry blood spots (DBS) or in K2-EDTA or from human saliva samples collected as buccal swabs using ORAcollect·Dx OCD-100. The A1AT allelic variant

genotypes and associated allele results, when used in conjunction with clinical findings and other laboratory tests, are intended as an aid in the diagnosis of individuals with A1AT deficiency (A1ATD).   
The kit is indicated for prescription use only.

# F. Device Description:

Alpha 1 antitrypsin (A1AT) Genotyping Test utilizes Luminex xMAP technology. Genomic DNA is extracted from DBS, from human EDTA anticoagulated whole blood or from human saliva samples collected as buccal swabs using ORAcollect·Dx OCD-100. Extracted DNA is amplified and biotinylated by multiplex PCR and PCR products are denatured and hybridized to oligonucleotide probes coupled to color-coded beads. Hybridized DNA is labeled with a fluorescent conjugate and the resulting signal is detected with a Luminex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 200 system. Raw data obtained is processed with the A1AT Genotyping Test ANALYSIS SOFTWARE in order to obtain the final report. The A1AT Genotyping Test ANALYSIS SOFTWARE algorithm converts the allelic variant genotypes into associated alleles, based on the current literature.

The A1AT Genotyping Test Kit is composed of 4 reagent components (A1AT PCR Master Mix, A1AT Beads Master Mix, SAPE, SAPE Dilution Buffer) required to perform all the abovementioned processing steps. The A1AT Genotyping Test ANALYSIS SOFTWARE, instructions for use and other necessary files are uploaded on a Grifols website. Two kit configurations are available: for 48 or 192 tests (different amounts of the same reagent components are provided in each case).

# G. Substantial Equivalence Information:

Predicate Device: A1AT Genotyping Test 510(k) number: K192858 Applicant: Progenika Biopharma S.A.

Main conclusion: The similarities among the candidate device and the predicate device show that A1AT Genotyping Test to be used together with the updated software application is substantially equivalent to the predicate.

Based on the risk assessment and performance data, it can be considered that the differences due to the software update do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

# Progenika Biopharma, S.A.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceModified A1AT Genotyping Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceA1AT Genotyping Test (K192858)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Progenika A1AT genotyping kit is a qualitative, polymerasechain reaction (PCR) and hybridization-based in vitro diagnostic testto be used with the Luminex 200™M instrument (with xPONENT®software) for the simultaneous detection and identification of 14allelic variants and their associated alleles found in the Alpha-1antitrypsin (A1AT) codifying gene SERPINA1. The test is intendedfor use with genomic DNA extracted from human whole bloodsamples collected as dry blood spots (DBS) or in K2-EDTA or fromhuman saliva samples collected as buccal swabs usingORAcollect·Dx OCD-100. The A1AT allelic variant genotypes andassociated allele results, when used in conjunction with clinicalfindings and other laboratory tests, are intended as an aid in thediagnosis of individuals with A1AT deficiency (A1ATD).The kit is indicated for prescription use only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Progenika A1AT genotyping kit is a qualitative, polymerase chainreaction (PCR) and hybridization-based in vitro diagnostic test to beused with the Luminex 200™M instrument (with xPONENT® software)for the simultaneous detection and identification of 14 allelic variantsand their associated alleles found in the Alpha-1 antitrypsin (A1AT)codifying gene SERPINA1. The test is intended for use with genomicDNA extracted from human whole blood samples collected as dryblood spots (DBS) or in K2-EDTA or from human saliva samplescollected as buccal swabs using ORAcollect·Dx model OCD-100. TheA1AT allelic variant genotypes and associated allele results, whenused in conjunction with clinical findings and other laboratory tests, areintended as an aid in the diagnosis of individuals with A1AT deficiency(A1ATD).The kit is indicated for prescription use only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genomic DNA extracted from human whole blood samples collectedas DBS or in K2-EDTA and human saliva samples collected as buccalswabs using ORAcollect·Dx model OCD-100.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative identification of A1AT alleles (which represent thephenotypes) causing A1ATD.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Item Device</td><td>Candidate Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Modified A1AT Genotyping Test Same components, except for the CD component. A1AT</td><td>A1AT Genotyping Test (K192858) The test is composed of four reagent components (A1AT PCR Master</td></tr><tr><td>components Technology</td><td>Genotyping Test ANALYSIS SOFTWARE and instructions for use are uploaded on a website. Same</td><td>Mix, A1AT Beads Master Mix, SAPE and SAPE Dilution Buffer) in sufficient quantity for either 48 or 192 tests and a CD containing the A1AT Genotyping Test ANALYSIS SOFTWARE. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and hybridization-based in vitro</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td rowspan="3"></td><td>diagnostic test to be used with the Luminex 200™m instrument (with xPONENT® software). DNA is extracted, amplified and biotinylated by multiplex PCR and</td></tr><tr><td>PCR products are denatured and hybridized to oligonucleotide probes coupled to color coded beads. Hybridized DNA is labeled with a fluorescent conjugate and resulting signal is detected with a Luminex® 200 system. The raw data obtained is finally processed with the A1AT</td></tr><tr><td>Genotyping Test ANALYSIS SOFTWARE in order to obtain the final report. A1AT Genotyping Test ANALYSIS SOFTWARE v1.0.6.1</td></tr><tr><td>Software application</td><td>The software version has been updated (v1.0.8.16). Results of every study have been re-analyzed with this updated software version to ensure acceptance criteria are met.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candidate DeviceModified A1AT Genotyping Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Predicate DeviceA1AT Genotyping Test (K192858)</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real time stability: 24 months at 2-8°COpen vial stability: 9 months at 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performancespecifications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- Lower Limit of Detection: 0.0215 ng/µl DNA.- Interferences: Same Precision:Lot-to-Lot: 100% correct callsExternal reproducibility: Same- Accuracy: Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower Limit of Detection: 0.0310 ng/ul DNA.Interferences:O For blood samples: hemoglobin, bilirubin, triglycerides andshort blood draw.O For saliva samples: a-amylase, hemoglobin,immunoglobin A, total protein, microbes, eating foodwithout beef, eating food with beef, drinking, smoking,chewing gum, mouth washing and brushing teeth.Precision:O Lot-to-Lot: overall correct call rate of 99.7% (one M/S sampleprovided an incorrect result).O External reproducibility: 100% correct calls.Accuracy: 147 samples, comparator: Bi-directional Sangersequencing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intendedpopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription use only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA extractionmethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood samples collected in K2-EDTA: same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood samples collected in K2-EDTA: QIAamp DNA Blood MiniKit (Qiagen)Whole blood samples collected as DBS:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceModified A1AT Genotyping Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceA1AT Genotyping Test (K192858)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood samples collected as DBS: same, although the home-made buffer will be removed.Saliva samples: same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commercial lysis and neutralization solutions (Sigma)Home-made bufferSaliva samples:QlAamp DNA Blood Mini Kit (Qiagen)Commercial lysis and neutralization solutions (Sigma)QIAsymphony DNA Mini Kit (Qiagen)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood samples collected in K2-EDTA: up to 24 days beforeDNA extraction at 2-8°C.Whole blood samples collected as DBS: up to 6 months at ambienttemperature.Saliva samples collected as buccal swabs using ORAcollect·Dxmodel OCD-100 (DNA Genotek): up to 60 days when stored atambient temperature.</td></tr></table>

# Progenika Biopharma, S.A.

Ibaizabal bidea, Edificio 504 www.progenika.com - www.grifols.com

# H. Performance Data:

# Analytical Data:

a) Precision/Reproducibility:

Lot-to-lot repeatability: The lot-to-lot repeatability was determined by testing the “Sample Panel” (five DNA samples covering Z/Z, M/Z, S/S, M/S, and S/Z Sample Results) in triplicate with three different reagent lots, by two operators, on six non-consecutive days, alternating between two Luminex instruments. An overall repeatability of $100 \%$ was obtained for Sample Results.

External Reproducibility: See K171868.

b) Reagent Stability:

See K171868 for initial Real-Time and Open-Vial Stabilities information and study designs and K192858 for final claimed stabilities of 24 months reagent stability when stored at ${ 2 } { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and up to 9 months reagent stability after the vials were first opened.

c) Specimen Stability:

See K171868 for whole blood samples collected as DBS or in K2-EDTA stabilities.

See K152464 and K192858 for saliva samples stability collected in ORAcollect·Dx OCD-100.

d) Lower Limit of Detection (LoD):

The DNA concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of sample replicates resulted in correct Sample Results was determined by testing 20 replicates of nine DNA dilutions of the “Sample Panel” (from 0.16 to $0 . 0 0 3 3 \mathrm { n g / \mu l } ;$ using two reagent lots. It was shown that the highest LoD among the two lots used was $0 . 0 2 1 5 \mathrm { n g / \mu l }$ .

e) DNA Extraction Variability: See K171868 for DNA Extraction Variability in whole blood samples collected as DBS or in K2-EDTA information. See K192858 for DNA Extraction Variability in saliva samples.

f) Cross-reactivity and Cross-contamination: See K171868 for Cross-reactivity and Cross-contamination information.

g) Interfering Substances:

See K171868 for Interfering Substances information in whole blood samples collected as DBS or in K2-EDTA.

See K192858 for Interfering Substances information in Saliva samples collected in ORAcollect·Dx OCD-100.

See K192858 for information about potentially interfering variants.

# Comparison Data:

h) Method Comparison:

See K171868 for Method Comparison information in whole blood samples.   
See K192858 for Method Comparison information in saliva samples.

# I. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR 809.10.

# J. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

K. Date of summary preparation: April 29, 2021