September 15, 2023

Beckman Coulter, Inc. Adam Viitala Senior Manager Regulatory Affairs 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K220972 Trade/Device Name: Access Thyroglobulin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-Associated Antigen Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MSW Dated: January 26, 2023 Received: January 26, 2023

Dear Adam Viitala:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K220972</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name Access Thyroglobulin</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

Access Thyroglobulin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin levels in human serum using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is intended to aid in monitoring for the presence of persistent or recurrent/metastatic disease in patients who have differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC) and have had thyroid surgery (with or without ablative therapy), and who lack serum thyroglobulin antibodies.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Immunodiagnostic Development Center

1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, Minnesota 55318-1084

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1).

The assigned 510(k) number is K220972

# Submitted By:

Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318 Telephone: (952) 368-1142 Fax: (952) 246-1860

Contact Person: Adam Viitala 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318 Phone: $+ 1$ (520) 496-4517

Alternate Contact: Muhammad Sheikh Office Phone: (952) 368-1142

Date Prepared: September 14, 2023

# Device Name:

Proprietary / Trade Name: Access Thyroglobulin   
Common Name: Thyroglobulin Chemiluminescence Immunoassay   
Classification Description: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test   
system   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 866.6010   
Classification Product Code: MSW

# Predicate Device:

The modified Access Thyroglobulin assay claims substantial equivalence to previously cleared Access Thyroglobulin assay, FDA 510(k) Number K002905, cleared October 19, 2000.

# Device Description:

Access Thyroglobulin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin levels in human serum using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is intended to aid in monitoring for the presence of persistent or recurrent /metastatic disease in patients who have differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC) and have had thyroid surgery (with or without ablative therapy), and who lack serum thyroglobulin antibodies.

The Access Tg assay consists of the reagent pack and calibrators. Other items needed to run the assay include the Access Tg sample diluent substrate and wash buffer. The Access Tg assay along with the Access wash buffer and substrate are designed for use with the Access Immunoassay Systems in a clinical laboratory setting.

The device modification described in this submission impacts the Access Thyroglobulin reagent pack only; the change does not impact or change the other components that are used with this reagent pack. The modification does not affect the intended use or indications of the device or alter the fundamental scientific technology of the device.

A description of the reagent pack is provided below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Well</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ingredients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1a:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dynabeads* paramagnetic particles coated with streptavidinand coupled to biotinylated mouse monoclonalantithyroglobulin antibodies, suspended in a TRIS buffer withprotein (bovine), &lt; 0.1% sodium azide, and 0.1% ProClin**300.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1b:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal anti-thyroglobulin-alkaline phosphatase(bovine) conjugate in a TRIS buffer with protein (bovine,murine), &lt; 0.1% sodium azide, and 0.1% ProClin 300.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1c:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEPES buffer with protein (bovine and mouse), &lt; 0.1% sodiumazide, and 0.5% ProClin 300.</td></tr></table>

\*Dynabead® is a registered trademark of Dynal A.S., Oslo, Norway \*\*ProClin™ is a trademark of The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) or an affiliate company of Dow.

# Intended Use:

Access Thyroglobulin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin levels in human serum using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is intended to aid in monitoring for the presence of persistent or recurrent/metastatic disease in patients who have differentiated thyroid

cancer (DTC) and have had thyroid surgery (with or without ablative therapy), and who lack serum thyroglobulin antibodies.

# Comparison to the Predicate:

The modified device and previously cleared predicate device are compared below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAccess Thyroglobulin (k002905)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceAccessThyroglobulin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access Thyroglobulin (Tg) assay is aparamagnetic particle, chemiluminescentimmunoassay for the quantitativedetermination of thyroglobulin levels inhuman serum and plasma using the AccessImmunoassay Systems. This device isintended to aid in monitoring for the presenceof local and metastatic thyroid tissue inpatients who have had thyroid gland ablation(using thyroid surgery with or withoutradioactivity) and who lack serumthyroglobulin antibodies.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access Thyroglobulinassay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitativedetermination ofthyroglobulin levels inhuman serum usingthe AccessImmunoassaySystems. This deviceis intended to aid inmonitoring for thepresence of persistentor recurrent/metastaticdisease in patientswho have differentiatedthyroid cancer (DTC)and have had thyroidsurgery (with or withoutablative therapy), andwho lack serumthyroglobulinantibodies.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyteMeasured</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroglobulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum or plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayThroughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 42 Minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 - 500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assayarchitecture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotinylated mouse monoclonalantithyroglobulin antibodies not pre-coupledto paramagnetic particles coated withstreptavidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotinylated mousemonoclonalantithyroglobulinantibodies pre-coupled toparamagnetic particlescoated with streptavidin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BiotinInterference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens with biotin concentrations ≤ 10ng/mL demonstrated non-significant bias (≤10%) in results. Biotin concentrations &gt; 10ng/mL can lead to significant (&gt; 10%)negative bias in Thyroglobulin results.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significantinterference (≤± 10%)observed in samplescontaining up to 3,510ng/mL of biotin.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Studies:

Method Comparison: A comparison of 102 serum samples with thyroglobulin concentrations within the assay’s measuring range were run on both the modified Access Thyroglobulin assay and the predicate currently marketed Access Thyroglobulin assay. The results were compared using Passing-Bablok regression and Pearson’s correlation with the predicate on the $\mathsf { x } .$ -axis. The results of the method comparison study met the acceptance criteria of $\mathsf { R } \geq 0 . 9 0$ and slope $1 . 0 0 \pm 0 . 0 9$ .

Imprecision: A study based on CLSI EP05-A3 performed on an Access Immunoassay System tested multiple samples in duplicate in 2 runs per day for 20 days. The representative imprecision data is provided in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility: Two reproducibility studies based on CLSI EP05-A3 performed on the Access Immunoassay System tested multiple samples in replicates of 3 or 5 over a 5 day period of time. Study 1 consisted of 3 replicates of 2 samples tested with 2 runs per day for 5 days on 3 instruments. Study 2 consisted of 5

replicates of 3 samples with 3 runs per day over 5 days one 1 instrument. The representative reproducibility data is provided in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr></table>

High-dose Hook Effect: The Access Thyroglobulin assay demonstrated no highdose hook effect at concentrations up to at least 40,000 ng/mL.

Linearity: The Access Thyroglobulin assay has been demonstrated to be linear across the range of the assay (0.1 to approximately 500 ng/mL) in serum samples.

Dilution Recovery: The Access Thyroglobulin assay has been demonstrated to dilute recover across and above the range of the assay in serum samples.

Limit of Blank (LoB): The Access Thyroglobulin assay was designed to have a Limit of Blank of $\leq 0 . 0 3 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . In one study, LoB testing determined the LoB for Access Thyroglobulin to be $0 . 0 2 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

Limit of Detection (LoD): The Access Thyroglobulin assay was designed to have a Limit of Detection (LOD) of $\leq 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ in serum samples. In one study, LoD testing determined the LoD for Access Thyroglobulin to be $0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

Limit of Quantitation (LoQ): The Access Thyroglobulin assay was designed to have a Limit of Quantitation (LOD) of $\leq 0 . 1 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in serum samples. In one study, the LoQ for Access Thyroglobulin was determined to be $0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

Analytical Specificity: Potential cross-reactive substances were added to serum patient samples at two concentrations of thyroglobulin (approximately 20 ng/mL and $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ . Stock solutions of potential cross-reactants were prepared and added directly to the serum in no more than $5 \%$ (v/v) final concentration. Control samples were prepared in the same manner without the cross-reactant added. Testing of 3,3',5-Triiodo-L-thyronine (T3), L-Thyroxine (T4), Thyroxine Binding Globulin (TBG) and Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) with Access Thyroglobulin found that there is no significant cross-reactivity, as defined by a change in concentration between the diluent control and the test samples within $\pm 1 0 \%$ .

Potential interferents were tested at one concentration and compared to control samples without potential interferents. The results were reported as a percent difference between test and control sample. Testing was completed on patient serum samples containing two levels of Thyroglobulin at clinically relevant concentrations of approximately 25.0 ng/mL and $1 0 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ . Testing of all potential interferents, including biotin at a concentration of $3 5 1 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ , with Access Thyroglobulin found that there is no significant interference, as defined by a change in concentration between the diluent control and the test samples within $\leq \pm \ 1 0 \%$ .

# Conclusion:

The modified device has the same intended use and fundamental scientific technology as the predicate device. The modified device is as safe and effective as the predicate device, as demonstrated through verification testing.

The information provided in this submission demonstrates that the modified device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.