September 15, 2023

Roche Diagnostics   
Phil Williams   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250

Re: K222610 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Anti-Tg Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5870 Regulation Name: Thyroid Autoantibody Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JZO Dated: May 19, 2023 Received: May 19, 2023

Dear Phil Williams:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K222610

Indications for Use (Describe)

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of antibodies to thyroglobulin in human serum and plasma. The anti‑Tg autoantibodies determination is used as an aid in the detection of autoimmune thyroid diseases in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on the cobas e 411 immunoassay analyzer.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Elecsys Anti-Tg 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phil WilliamsPhone: 317-209-5478Email: phil.williams@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>August 25, 2022</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Anti-Tg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroid autoantibody immunological test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test, Thyroid Autoantibody</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JZO, 21 CFR 866.5870</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics Elecsys Anti-Tg (K053426)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics GmbH Mannheim, Germany: 9610126Roche Diagnostics GmBH Penzberg, Germany: 9610529Roche Diagnostics Indianapolis, IN United States: 1823260.</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Elecsys Anti-Tg immunoassay makes use of a competitive test principle using biotinylated human antigen and monoclonal human anti-Tg antibodies labeled with a ruthenium complex. The Elecsys Anti-Tg immunoassay is intended for the quantitative determination of antibodies to thyroglobulin in human serum and plasma. It is intended for use on the cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Results are determined via a calibration curve which is instrument-specifically generated by 2 point calibration and a master curve provided via the reagent barcode or e barcode.

# 1.1. Reagents

The reagent working solutions include:

Rack Pack (kit placed on the analyzer)

• M: Streptavidin-coated microparticles R1: Tg\~biotin • R2: Anti Tg-Ab\~Ru(bpy)

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of antibodies to thyroglobulin in human serum and plasma. The anti‑Tg autoantibodies determination is used as an aid in the detection of autoimmune thyroid diseases in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on the cobas e 411 immunoassay analyzer.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following table compares the Elecsys Anti- $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathrm { T g }$ with its predicate device, Roche Elecsys AntiTg (K053426).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceElecsys Anti-Tg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceRoche Elecsys Anti-Tg (K053426)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination ofantibodies to thyroglobulin inhuman serum and plasma. Theanti-Tg autoantibodiesdetermination is used as an aid inthe detection of autoimmunethyroid diseases in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinicalfindings.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay "ECLIA" isintended for use on cobas e 411immunoassay analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination ofantibodies to thyroglobulin in humanserum and plasma. The anti-Tgdetermination is used as an aid in thedetection of autoimmune thyroiddiseases.The electrochemiluminescencemmunoassay "ECLIA" is intendedfor use on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemiluminescence"ECLIA"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 minute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample + R1, 1st incubationR2 + Beads, 2nd incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handling of R1 and R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type/Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Anticoagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2/K3-EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium heparin, K2/K3-EDTA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipetting volume sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Tg CalSet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included in Test Kit as Anti-Tgcalibrator 1 and Anti-Tg calibrator 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration must be performedonce per reagent lot using freshreagent (i.e. not more than 24hours since the reagent kit wasregistered on the analyzer).Calibration interval may beextended based on acceptableverification of calibration by thelaboratory.Renewed calibration isrecommended as follows:• after 1 month (28 days) whenusing the same reagent lot• after 7 days (when using thesame reagent kit on the analyzer)•as required: e.g. quality controlfindings outside the defined limits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration must be performed onceper reagent lot using fresh reagent (i.e.not more than 24 hours since thereagent kit was registered on theanalyzer).Renewed calibration is recommendedas follows:• after 1 month (28 days) when usingthe same reagent lot• after 7 days (when using the samereagent kit on the analyzer)•as required: e.g. quality controlfindings outside the defined limits</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreciControl ThyroAB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included in Test Kit as PreciControlAnti-Tg 1 and PreciControl Anti-Tg 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability/Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardized against the NIBSC(National Institute for BiologicalStandards and Control) 65/93Standard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• unopened at 2-8 °C: up to thestated expiration date• after opening at 2-8 °C: 6 weeks•on the analyzer: 6 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 - 4000 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 - 4000 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin Tolerance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 60 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The following performance data are provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination. All performance specifications were met.

# 4.1. Precision

# 4.1.1. Repeatability and Intermediate Precision

Precision measurements were conducted for the updated Elecsys Anti-Tg to evaluate repeatability (within-run precision) and the intermediate precision (within-laboratory precision)

according the CLSI guideline EP05-A3. All predefined acceptance criteria was met for the precision experiments.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>cobas e 411 analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intermediate precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCb) THYRO1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC THYRO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td></tr></table>

# 4.1.2. Lot-to-lot Reproducibility

Precision measurements were conducted according to CLSI guideline EP05-A3 to evaluate Lotto-Lot Reproducibility using three reagent lots. All predefined acceptance criteria was met for the lot-to-lot reproducibility experiment.

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity

# 4.2.1. Limit of Blank (LoB)

The Limit of Blank (LoB) was determined according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoB claim in the labeling will be set to $9 \ : \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .

# 4.2.2. Limit of Detection (LoD)

The Limit of Detection (LoD) was determined according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoD claim in the labeling will be set to $1 0 \ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .

# 4.2.3. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) was determined according to CLSI EP17-A2. The LoQ claim in the labeling will be set to $1 5 \ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .

# 4.3. Linearity

Linearity of the Elecsys Anti-Tg assay was assessed according to CLSI EP06-Ed2, study design B, using weighted linear regression analysis. Six dilution series, using native human serum samples and sample pools, were measured on the cobas e 411 analyzer to demonstrate that measurements across the claimed measuring range are linear. Linearity was confirmed to support the measuring range of $1 5 - 4 0 0 0 \ : \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .

# 4.4. Endogenous Interferences

Six endogenous substances were evaluated for potential interference with the Elecsys Anti-Tg assay on the cobas e 411 analyzer. All predefined acceptance criteria were met, and the proposed labeling claims for each endogenous substance can be found below:

Biotin $\leq 1 2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$   
Lipemia (Intralipid) $\leq 2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
Hemoglobin $\leq 6 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for sample concentrations $\leq 1 1 5 \mathrm { I U / m L }$   
Bilirubin $\leq 6 6 \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
Rheumatoid Factor $\leq 3 0 0 \mathrm { I U / m L }$   
$\mathrm { T g } \leq 1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$

# 4.5. Analytical Specificity/Cross-Reactivity

A cross-reactivity study was conducted with Elecsys Anti-Tg on the cobas e 411 analyzer to evaluate the potential cross-reactivity of the assay with anti-TPO. There was no cross-reaction with Anti-TPO detected.

# 4.6. Exogenous Interferences

An exogenous interference study was conducted to evaluate 17 commonly and 14 specially used pharmaceutical compounds for potential interference with the Elecsys Anti-Tg assay on the cobas e 411 analyzer. The predefined acceptance criteria was met for all drugs tested, and no interference was observed.

# 4.7. Sample Matrix Comparison

The effect on quantitation of analyte in the presence of anticoagulants with Anti-Tg was determined by comparing values obtained from native human serum samples and sample pools drawn into serum, $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA, and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA plasma primary tubes. Serum separation tubes from 3 separate manufacturers and blood from 13 donors were measured in duplicate with one reagent lot and evaluated on the basis of recovery relative to the serum tube without separating gel. The results were within specification and support the use of Serum collected using standard serum tubes or tubes containing separating gel, $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA, and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA plasma.

# 4.8. Method Comparison to Predicate

A method comparison was performed using the Elecsys Anti-Tg updated assay and the Elecsys Anti-Tg current assay, using a total of 129 human serum samples. The sample concentrations were between 23.1 and $3 6 0 9 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ . The results can be found below:

Linear Regression $\begin{array} { l } { { \bf { y } } = 0 . 9 0 5 { \bf { x } } + 4 8 . 0 } \\ { { \bf { \sigma } } } \\ { { \bf { r } } = 0 . 9 9 0 } \end{array}$ Passing Bablok $\begin{array} { l } { { \bf { y } } = 0 . 9 7 4 { \bf { x } } + 1 . 7 2 } \\ { \tau = 0 . 9 3 0 } \end{array}$

# 4.9. Reagent Stability

# 4.9.1. Reagent On-board Stability

On-board reagent stability for the Elecsys Anti-Tg assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer. Elecsys Anti-Tg reagent kits can be stored on-board the analyzers for up to 42 days (6 weeks). A new calibration of the kit kept on-board is recommended every 7 days.

# 4.9.2. Reagent Stability After First Opening

Reagent stability after first opening for the Elecsys Anti-Tg assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer. Elecsys Anti-Tg reagent kits can be used after first opening for up to 42 days (6 weeks) when stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# 4.10. Calibration Stability

# 4.10.1. Lot Calibration Stability

Lot calibration frequency for the Elecsys Anti-Tg assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer. Calibration of an Elecsys Anti-Tg reagent lot is recommended every 28 days (1 month). During that time period, fresh reagent kits of the same lot can be used without calibration using the calibration curve of the day 0 reagent kit.

# 4.10.2. On-board Calibration Stability

Reagent on-board calibration frequency for Elecsys Anti-Tg assay was tested on one cobas e 411 analyzer. Elecsys Anti-Tg reagent kits can be stored on board of the analyzers for up to 7 days without a new calibration.

# 5. EXTERNAL (CLINICAL) TESTING

Not Applicable

# 6. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Not Applicable

# 7. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Elecsys Anti-Tg is intended to be used with the following calibrators and controls:

Anti‑Tg CalSetPreciControl ThyroAB

The Anti-Tg CalSet is regulated under product code JIS and 21 CFR 862.1150 and is exempt from Premarket notification and therefore, is not included with this submission.

The PreciControl ThyroAB is regulated under product code JJY and 21 CFR 862.1660 and is exempt from Premarket notification and therefore, is not included with this submission.

# 8. CONCLUSIONS

The information provided in this 510(k) Premarket Notification supports the determination that the Elecsys Anti-Tg immunoassay (updated assay, Mat. No. 09004998160) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Elecsys Anti-Tg system (current assay, Mat. No. 06368697190).