March 2, 2023

Abbott Laboratories   
Lisa Kelly   
Regulatory Affairs Associate Director   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Abbott Park, Illinois 60064

Re: K223602 Trade/Device Name: TBI Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5830 Regulation Name: Brain trauma assessment test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QAT Dated: November 30, 2022 Received: December 2, 2022

Dear Lisa Kelly:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K223602

Device Name TBI

Indications for Use (Describe)

The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassays (CMIA) used for the quantitative measurements of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCHL1) in human plasma and serum and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation of test results derived from these measurements using the Alinity i system.

The interpretation of test results is used, in conjunction with other clinical information, to aid in the evaluation of patients, 18 years of age or older, presenting with suspected mild traumatic brain injury (Glasgow Coma Scale score 13-15) within 12 hours of injury, to assist in determining the need for a CT (computed tomography) scan of the head. A negative test result is associated with the absence of acute intracranial lesions visualized on a head CT scan.

The TBI test is intended for use in clinical laboratory settings by healthcare professionals.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# I. Applicant Name

Abbott Diagnostics Department 09AA, Building CP01 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, IL 60064

Primary contact person for all communications:

Lisa Kelly, Associate Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Core Diagnostics   
lisa.lukowski@abbott.com   
Phone (224) 668-8849   
Fax (224) 280-2358

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Noah Lermer PhD, Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Core Diagnostics   
noah.lermer@abbott.com   
Phone (224) 668-7613   
Fax (224) 667-1221

Date Summary Prepared: November 30, 2022

# II. Device Name

TBI

# Reagents

Trade Name: Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) Ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1)   
Device Classification: Class II (Special controls)   
Classification Name: Brain trauma assessment test   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR $\$ 866.5830$   
Product Code: QAT

# III. Predicate Device

Banyan Brain Trauma Indicator (BTI) (DEN170045)

IV. Description of Device

Reagents

The kit configurations of the GFAP and UCH-L1 reagent kits are described below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>List Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP 04W1722</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1 04W1922</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridges per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Specific Diluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5 mL</td></tr></table>

# GFAP Reagent Kit

Microparticles:

Anti-GFAP (rabbit, monoclonal) coated microparticles in TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: $0 . 0 5 \%$ solids. Preservative: ProClin 300.

Conjugate:

Anti-GFAP (mouse, monoclonal) acridinium-labeled conjugate in MES buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: $0 . 2 \mathrm { m g / L }$ . Preservative: ProClin 300.

Assay Specific Diluent:

TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Preservative: ProClin 300.

# UCH-L1 Reagent Kit

Microparticles:

Anti-UCH-L1 (mouse, monoclonal) coated microparticles in TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: $0 . 0 5 \%$ solids. Preservative: sodium azide.

Conjugate:

Anti-UCH-L1 (mouse, monoclonal) acridinium-labeled conjugate in MES buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: $0 . 2 \mathrm { m g / L }$ . Preservative: ProClin 300.

Assay Specific Diluent:

TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Preservative: sodium azide.

# Biological Principles of the Procedure

The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic quantitative measurements of GFAP and UCH-L1 and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation of GFAP and UCH-L1 in human plasma and serum.

# GFAP

This assay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of GFAP in human plasma and serum using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology.

Sample, anti-GFAP coated paramagnetic microparticles, and assay specific diluent are combined and incubated. The GFAP present in the sample binds to the anti-GFAP coated microparticles. The mixture is washed. Anti-GFAP acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture and incubated. Following a wash cycle, Pre-Trigger and Trigger Solutions are added.

The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as a relative light unit (RLU). There is a direct relationship between the amount of GFAP in the sample and the RLU detected by the system optics.

# UCH-L1

This assay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of UCH-L1 in human plasma and serum using CMIA technology.

Sample, anti-UCH-L1 coated paramagnetic microparticles, and assay specific diluent are combined and incubated. The UCH-L1 present in the sample binds to the anti-UCH-L1 coated microparticles. The mixture is washed. Anti-UCH-L1 acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture and incubated. Following a wash cycle, Pre-Trigger and Trigger Solutions are added.

The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as an RLU. There is a direct relationship between the amount of UCH-L1 in the sample and the RLU detected by the system optics.

# Interpretation of Results

The assay cutoffs were established to be $3 5 . 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ ( $3 5 . 0 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ for GFAP and $4 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $( 4 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ for UCH-L1.

The GFAP and UCH-L1 results are reported separately and the software provides a TBI interpretation relative to the respective cutoff values as shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification for Constituent Assay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBI Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBI Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP and UCH-L1 below (&lt;) cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP and/or UCH-L1 above (≥) cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

The following table provides a detailed summary of the TBI interpretation based on potential results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP Assay Result(Relative to Cutoff of35.0 pg/mL [35.0 ng/L])*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1 Assay Result(Relative to Cutoff of400.0 pg/mL[400.0 ng/L])*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBI Interpretation**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reportable***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reportable***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reportable***</td></tr></table>

\* Above means greater than or equal to the cutoff. Below means less than the cutoff.

$^ { \ast \ast }$ The GFAP and UCH-L1 results can be found on the Result Details screen under Constituent Information on the User Interface.

\*\*\* An automated TBI interpretation will not be reported for specimens without a result for GFAP and/or UCH-L1. The GFAP and/or UCH-L1 assay(s) may be retested if needed to obtain a result and a manual TBI interpretation may be required. The TBI interpretation for a specimen is considered positive if the result for either constituent assay (GFAP or UCH-L1) is greater than or equal to the cutoff and no result is obtained for the other assay. The TBI interpretation for a specimen is not reportable if the result for either constituent assay is less than the cutoff and no result is obtained for the other assay.

In the case of a flagged ">" or " $" < "$ result for either assay, the TBI interpretation should be evaluated manually. A result flagged $^ { 6 6 } > ^ { 3 }$ ” should be considered above the cutoff and a result flagged $^ { 6 6 } < ^ { 9 9 }$ should be considered below the cutoff.

# V. Intended Use of the Device

The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassays (CMIA) used for the quantitative measurements of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1) in human plasma and serum and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation of test results derived from these measurements using the Alinity i system.

The interpretation of test results is used, in conjunction with other clinical information, to aid in the evaluation of patients, 18 years of age or older, presenting with suspected mild traumatic brain injury (Glasgow Coma Scale score 13-15) within 12 hours of injury, to assist in determining the need for a CT (computed tomography) scan of the head. A negative test result is associated with the absence of acute intracranial lesions visualized on a head CT scan.

The TBI test is intended for use in clinical laboratory settings by healthcare professionals.

# VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic quantitative measurements of GFAP and UCH-L1 and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation of GFAP and UCH-L1 in human plasma and serum.

The GFAP assay (subject device) is an automated immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of GFAP in plasma and serum using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology on the Alinity i system.

The UCH-L1 assay (subject device) is an automated immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of UCH-L1 in plasma and serum using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology on the Alinity i system.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

Comparison of Subject Device (TBI for Alinity i) to Predicate Device (Banyan BTI)   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences Between Subject &amp; Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device:TBI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Banyan BTI (DEN170045)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TBI test is a panel of in vitrodiagnostic chemiluminescentmicroparticle immunoassays(CMIA) used for the quantitativemeasurements of glial fibrillaryacidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitincarboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1(UCH-L1) in human plasma andserum and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation of testresults derived from thesemeasurements using the Alinity isystem.The interpretation of test results isused, in conjunction with otherclinical information, to aid in theevaluation of patients, 18 years ofage or older, presenting withsuspected mild traumatic braininjury (Glasgow Coma Scale score13-15) within 12 hours of injury, toassist in determining the need for aCT (computed tomography) scan ofthe head. A negative test result isassociated with the absence of acuteintracranial lesions visualized on ahead CT scan.The TBI test is intended for use inclinical laboratory settings byhealthcare professionals.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Banyan BTI is an in vitrodiagnostic chemiluminescent enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).The assay provides a semi-quantitativemeasurement of the concentrations ofubiquitin C-terminal hydrolase-L1(UCH-L1) and glial fibrillary acidicprotein (GFAP) in human serum andis used with the Synergy 2Multi-mode Reader.The assay results obtained from serumcollected within 12 hours of suspectedhead injury are used, along with otheravailable clinical information, to aid inthe evaluation of patients 18 years ofage and older with suspected traumaticbrain injury (Glasgow Coma Scalescore 13-15). A negative assay resultis associated with the absence of acuteintracranial lesions visualized on ahead CT (computed tomography)scan.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UseSetting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurands</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP and UCH-L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassays (CMIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative results for GFAP andUCH--L1 and semi-quantitativeinterpretation for TBI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two separate test kits  one forGFAP and one for UCH-L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two test kits on separate 96-wellmicrotiter plates — one for GFAP andone for UH-L1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alinity i</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Synergy 2 Multi-mode Reader(BioTek Instruments, Inc.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP kit: 200 μLUCH-L1 kit: 150 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP kit: 150 μLUCH-L1 kit: 100 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 18 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 4 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReportableInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Measuring Interval:GFAP: 6.1 - 42,000.0 pg/mLUCH-L1: 26.3 - 25,000.0 pg/mLReportable Interval:GFAP: 3.2 - 42,000.0 pg/mLUCH-L1: 18.3 - 25,000.0 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP: 10 - 320 pg/mLUCH-L1: 80 - 2560 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.0 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UCH-L1 Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400.0 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">327 pg/mL</td></tr></table>

# VII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

# Reportable Interval

Based on representative data, the ranges over which results can be reported are provided below according to the definitions from CLSI EP34, 1st ed.\*

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP(pg/mL, ng/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1(pg/mL, ng/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Measuring Interval (AMI)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1 - 42,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3 - 25,000.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Intervalb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 - 42,000.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3 - 25,000.0</td></tr></table>

a AMI: The AMI extends from the limit of quantitation (LoQ) to the upper limit of quantitation (ULoQ). This is determined by the range of values in $\mathrm { p g / m L }$ $( \mathrm { n g / L } )$ that demonstrated acceptable performance for linearity, imprecision, and bias.   
b The reportable interval extends from the limit of detection (LoD) to the upper limit of the AMI.

NOTE: The default Low Linearity value of the assay file corresponds to the lower limit of the reportable interval.

# Within-Laboratory Precision

# GFAP

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.† Testing was conducted using 2 lots of the GFAP reagents, 2 lots of the GFAP Calibrators, 1 lot of the GFAP Controls, and 2 instruments. Three controls and eight human plasma panels (one native panel and seven panels supplemented with GFAP analyte) were tested in a minimum of 2 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 20 days on 4 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot are paired with both instruments. The performance is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(p g/mL,nL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OverallWWithin-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31608.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>758.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>846.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>968.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>423.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1579.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3097.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7586.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15462.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>289.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>441.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>747.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36874.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>969.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1233.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1435.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>509.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2186.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Precision: Results Relative to Cutoff

The qualitative analysis of precision results relative to the cutoff $( 3 5 . 0 \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ ) was performed using the precision data generated for all instruments and reagent lots.

The GFAP mean $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ , number of results greater than or equal to the cutoff, and $\%$ correct call for each GFAP panel and GFAP control levels for all instruments and reagent lots are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Results≥ 35.0 (pg/mL) / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of CorrectCalla</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Controlb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 / 480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31,608.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1 b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>462 / 474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 3c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 / 480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3097.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 / 480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7586.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478 / 478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,462.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 / 480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36,874.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478 / 478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr></table>

a Replicates for positive samples should always be $\geq$ cutoff, replicates for negative samples should always be $<$ cutoff, and replicates for samples near medical decision points can have replicates $<$ cutoff or $\geq$ cutoff. b Negative samples c Samples near medical decision point d Positive samples

# UCH-L1

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 2 lots of the UCH-L1 reagents, 2 lots of the UCH-L1 Calibrators, 1 lot of the UCH-L1 Controls, and 2 instruments. Three controls and eight human plasma panels (one native panel and seven panels supplemented with UCH-L1 analyte) were tested in a minimum of 2 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 20 days on 4 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot are paired with both instruments. The performance is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(p g/mL,nL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OverallWWithin-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15179.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>823.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1553.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4793.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7974.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>354.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19165.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>823.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Precision: Results Relative to Cutoff

The qualitative analysis of precision results relative to the cutoff $( 4 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ was performed using the precision data generated for all instruments and reagent lots.

The UCH-L1 mean $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ , number of results greater than or equal to the cutoff, and $\%$ correct call for each UCH-L1 panel and UCH-L1 control levels for all instruments and reagent lots are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Results≥ 400.0 (pg/mL) / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of CorrectCalla</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Controlb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,179.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477 / 477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164 / 471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 3c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>823.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477 / 477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1553.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>476 / 476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4793.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479 / 479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7974.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480 / 480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19,165.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472 / 472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr></table>

a Replicates for positive samples should always be $\geq$ cutoff, replicates for negative samples should always be $<$ cutoff, and replicates for samples near medical decision points can have replicates $<$ cutoff or $\geq$ cutoff.

b Negative samples   
c Samples near medical decision point   
d Positive samples

# Lower Limits of Measurement

The claimed limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized in the table below. The LoD is in alignment with the low end of the reportable interval and the LoQ is in alignment with the low end of the AMI for GFAP and UCH-L1.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL, ng/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pg/mL, ng/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td></tr></table>

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP17-A2.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the GFAP and UCH-L1 reagents on each of 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days.

The LoB represents the 95th percentile from $\mathrm { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of zero-analyte samples. The observed GFAP LoB was $1 . 6 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $( 1 . 6 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ . The observed UCH-L1 LoB was $6 . 1 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $( 6 . 1 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ .   
The LoD represents the lowest concentration at which the analyte can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability based on $\mathbf { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. The observed GFAP LoD was $2 . 2 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $( 2 . 2 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ . The observed UCH-L1 LoD was $1 6 . 1 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $\left( 1 6 . 1 ~ \mathrm { n g / L } \right)$ .   
The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration at which a maximum allowable precision of $2 0 . 0 \% \mathrm { C V }$ was met and was determined from $\mathbf { n } \geq 6 0$ replicates of low-analyte level samples. The observed GFAP LoQ was $2 . 4 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $( 2 . 4 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ . The observed UCH-L1 LoQ was $1 6 . 1 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $\mathrm { ( 1 6 . 1 n g / L ) }$ .

# Linearity

# GFAP

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06, 2nd ed.†

This assay is linear across the analytical measuring interval of 6.1 to $4 2 , 0 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (6.1 to $4 2 , 0 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / L } \mathrm { , }$ ).

# UCH-L1

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP06, 2nd ed.‡

This assay is linear across the analytical measuring interval of 26.3 to $2 5 , 0 0 0 . 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (26.3 to 25,000.0 ng/L).

# Analytical Specificity

# Interference

Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the GFAP analyte (approximately $2 5 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $1 0 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ and at 2 levels of the UCH-L1 analyte (approximately $2 8 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $5 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L ) }$ ).

# No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 . 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Significant Interference (Interference within ± 10.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterophilic Antibodies (HAMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80x activity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80x activity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor (RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Interference beyo ${ \bf { \ 1 2 } } \pm \bf { 1 0 . 0 \% }$ (based on $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval [CI]) was

observed at the concentrations shown below for the following substances.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Interference beyond ± 10.0% (based on 95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.3%(-11.3%, -9.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15.6%(-16.7%, -14.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2%(7.7%, 10.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-19.0%(-21.5%, -16.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-16.9%(-18.5%, -15.4%)</td></tr></table>

# Potentially Interfering Drugs

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the GFAP analyte (approximately $2 5 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $1 0 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L } $ ) and at 2 levels of the UCH-L1 analyte (approximately $2 8 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ and $5 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { p g / m L } )$ ).

# No significant interference (interference within $\pm 1 0 . 0 \%$ ) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">No Significant Interference (Interference within ± 10.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UCH-L1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylcysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin-Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.25 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4250 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4250 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brivaracetam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium dobesilate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefoxitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">660 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">660 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Celecoxib</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">879 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">879 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clopidogrel (Plavix)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.2 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.2 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclosporine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxycycline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">330 U/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">330 U/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0315 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0315 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levodopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy methamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metoprolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.3 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">780 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">780 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicardipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.5 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.5 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ondansetron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">425 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">432 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">321 μg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">321 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Warfarin (Coumadin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Interference bey $\mathbf { 0 n d \pm 1 0 . 0 \% }$ (based on $9 5 \%$ CI) was observed at the concentrations shown below for the following substances.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Interference beyond ± 10.0% (based on 95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Interference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.3%(-10.2%, -8.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.0%(-13.9%, -12.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7%(9.4%, 12.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%(6.1%, 10.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium dobesilate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0%(11.8%, 14.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium dobesilate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9%(10.2%, 13.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9%(12.9%, 17.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9%(8.6%, 13.2%)</td></tr></table>

# Cross-Reactants

# GFAP

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Samples containing the cross-reactants listed below were prepared in GFAP depleted plasma and tested with the GFAP assay on the Alinity i system. The $\%$ cross-reactivity results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactant Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desmin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internexin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Keratin type II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neurofilament light</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4%(-0.5%, -0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neurofilament medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neurofilament heavy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripherin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vimentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr></table>

# UCH-L1

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* A sample containing the cross-reactant listed below was prepared in UCH-L1 depleted plasma and tested with the UCH-L1 assay on the Alinity i system. The $\%$ cross-reactivity results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactant Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ubiquitin carboxyl-terminalhydrolase L3 (UCH-L3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0.0%, 0.0%)</td></tr></table>

# Tube Type

A study was performed to evaluate the suitability of specific blood collection tube types for use with the GFAP and UCH-L1 assays. Samples were collected/obtained from a minimum of 70 donors and evaluated across tube types. The following blood collection tube types were determined to be acceptable for use with the GFAP and UCH-L1 assays:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collection Tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumSerum separator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipotassium EDTATripotassium EDTALithium heparinLithium heparin separator</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values (Reference Intervals) (GFAP, UCH-L1, TBI)

Representative performance data are provided in this section. Results obtained in individual laboratories may vary.

A reference interval study was performed based on guidance from CLSI C28-A3c\* with a US-based general population from apparently healthy individuals $( \geq 1 8$ years old). The specimens were tested with both the GFAP and UCH-L1 assays on the Alinity i system. Based on the results, a $9 5 \%$ reference interval of an apparently healthy population of each assay was determined to be as follows:

<table><tr><td>Assay</td><td>n</td><td>Mean (pg/mL, ng/L)</td><td>SD</td><td>Median (pg/mL, ng/L)</td><td>Reference Interval (2.5th to 97.5th Percentile) (pg/mL, ng/L)</td></tr><tr><td>GFAP</td><td>160</td><td>23.5</td><td>13.79</td><td>20.5</td><td>6.6, 70.9</td></tr><tr><td>UCH-L1</td><td>160</td><td>108.1</td><td>45.28</td><td>98.0</td><td>44.7, 226.8</td></tr></table>

The TBI interpretation based on the GFAP and UCH-L1 results shown above for apparently healthy individuals $( \geq 1 8$ years old) are summarized below.

<table><tr><td>GFAP Result (Relative to Cutoff of 35.0 pg/mL)a</td><td>UCH-L1 Result (Relative to Cutoff of 400.0 pg/mL)a</td><td>TBI Interpretation</td><td>N (Percentage)</td></tr><tr><td>Above</td><td>Above</td><td>Positive</td><td>0 (0/160 = 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Below</td><td>Above</td><td>Positive</td><td>0 (0/160 = 0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Above</td><td>Below</td><td>Positive</td><td>21 (21/160 = 13.1%)b</td></tr><tr><td>Below</td><td>Below</td><td>Negative</td><td>139 (139/160 = 86.9%)</td></tr></table>

a Above means greater than or equal to the cutoff. Below means less than the cutoff. b Although $1 3 . 1 \%$ of an apparently healthy population was found to have a positive TBI interpretation, it is important to note GFAP and UCH-L1 cutoffs were optimized in a population of patients with head injury.

# Specimen Storage

A study was performed to evaluate serum and plasma specimens when subjected to various conditions (2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ storage, room temperature [15 to $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } ]$ , ${ } _ { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ or colder) and tested with GFAP and UCH-L1 assays.

The results support the use of serum and plasma specimens that have been stored at the following conditions:

Room temperature (15 to $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) for up to 8 hours on or off the clot, red blood cells, or separator gel.   
2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 8 hours on the clot, red blood cells, or separator gel and up to 7 days off the clot, red blood cells, or separator gel. Note: Recentrifuge after 8 hours of storage.   
- ${ \bf \cdot } 2 0 ^ { \circ } { \bf C }$ or colder for up to 1 month off the clot, red blood cells, or separator gel with up to 1 freeze/thaw.

# Assay Cutoff

The assay cutoffs were determined by analyzing a training set with GFAP and UCH-L1 results from a total of 354 with 132 CT positive subjects with suspected mild traumatic brain injury (TBI; Glasgow Coma Scale score of 13-15). Subjects who had blood drawn within 12 hours of injury, a head CT scan determination, and were 18 years or older at the time of injury were included in the analysis. Using a 10-fold cross validation and bootstrapping method, the cutoff values of $3 5 . 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (GFAP assay) and $4 0 0 . 0 \ : \mathrm { p g / m L }$ (UCH-L1 assay) were selected for the Alinity i using the selection criteria with an adjusted Negative Predictive Value (NPV) (prevalence $6 \% ) \geq 9 9 \%$ , sensitivity $\ge 9 6 \%$ and specificity $\ge 3 7 \%$ .

VIII. Summary of Clinical Performance

System Reproducibility

# GFAP

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the GFAP reagents, 3 lots of the GFAP Calibrators, 3 lots of the GFAP Controls, and 1 instrument at each of the 3 testing sites. Three controls and seven human plasma panels (one native panel and six panels supplemented with GFAP analyte) were tested in 4 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 5 different days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL,,n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OverallReproducibilitya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30520.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>630.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>928.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3072.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7449.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15269.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36101.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>852.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>368.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>781.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1037.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1695.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr></table>

# Qualitative Precision: Results Relative to Cutoff

The GFAP mean $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ , number of results greater than or equal to the cutoff, and $\%$ correct call for each GFAP reproducibility panel members and 3 GFAP control levels for all 3 sites are shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Result≥ 35.0 (pg/mL) / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of CorrectCalla</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>AllSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Controlb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,520.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3072.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7449.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,269.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36,101.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr></table>

a Replicates for positive samples should always be $\geq$ cutoff, replicates for negative samples should always be $<$ cutoff, and samples near the medical decision point (GFAP Panel 2) can have replicates $<$ cutoff or $\geq$ cutoff.

b Negative samples   
c Samples near medical decision point   
d Positive samples

# UCH-L1

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted using 3 lots of the UCH-L1 reagents, 3 lots of the UCH-L1 Calibrators, 3 lots of the UCH-L1 Controls, and 1 instrument at each of the 3 testing sites. Three controls and seven human plasma panels (one native panel and six panels supplemented with UCH-L1 analyte) were tested in 4 replicates at 2 separate times per day on 5 different days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL,gL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OverallReproducibilitya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1983.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14945.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>838.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1568.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4792.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8011.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>289.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19606.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>571.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>856.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr></table>

# Qualitative Precision: Results Relative to Cutoff

The UCH-L1 mean $\mathrm { ( p g / m L ) }$ , number of results greater than or equal to the cutoff, and $\%$ correct call for each UCH-L1 reproducibility panel members and 3 UCH-L1 control levels for all 3 sites are shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Result≥ 400.0 (pg/mL) / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of CorrectCalla</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>AllSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Controlb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1983.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Controld</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14,945.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2 (Native)c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>838.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359 / 359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1568.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4792.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 7d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8011.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 8d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19,606.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 / 360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr></table>

Replicates for positive samples should always be $\geq$ cutoff, replicates for negative samples should always be $<$ cutoff, and samples near the medical decision point (UCH-L1 Panel 2) can have replicates $<$ cutoff or $\geq$ cutoff.

b Negative samples   
c Samples near medical decision point   
d Positive samples

# Clinical Performance

A pivotal study using prospectively collected and archived (frozen) plasma specimens was conducted to establish the clinical performance of the TBI test on the Alinity i system. The testing of the archived plasma specimens was conducted at three clinical sites in the United States.

The specimens were originally collected in a prospective, multi-center clinical study\* that enrolled consenting men and women 18 years of age or older who presented to a health care facility (HCF) or emergency department (ED) with suspected TBI with initial Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) scores of 9-15 and who had a CT scan performed per the clinical site’s standard of care. Subjects were enrolled at 22 clinical sites in three countries: United States, Germany and Hungary.

CT scans were performed in accordance with the clinical site’s standard of care. Images were transmitted to a central neuroimaging processing center. Images were interpreted by at least two neuroradiologists who were masked to other clinical and laboratory data; procedures for scoring images were established before conducting image review. The clinical outcome was based on the consensus interpretation between two neuroradiologists with adjudication by a third neuroradiologist if necessary. Outcomes were positive or negative as defined by the presence or absence of acute traumatic intracranial lesions, respectively. Acute intracranial lesion was defined as any trauma induced or related finding visualized upon head CT scan.

Whole blood was collected into dipotassium EDTA blood collection tubes from each subject using venipuncture and centrifuged to obtain plasma. Specimens were collected within 12 hours of head injury. The plasma specimens were divided into aliquots and frozen in cryovials before being provided to testing sites.

Of the 1994 subjects enrolled in the original study with GCS scores of 13 to 15, 72 subjects were not included in the study due to lack of consent for future testing, withdrawn consent, and no specimen available. Specimens from 23 subjects were not included in the analysis due to unreadable, inconclusive, or no CT scan results; unknown time of blood draw or blood draw more than 12 hours after injury; and/or no recorded time of injury. Specimens from 1899 subjects were included in the analysis.

The demographic characteristics of the subjects represented in the performance analysis are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Demographic Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Head CT Scan Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 (6.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1779 (93.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1899</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Age (Years)a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8 (18.29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.5 (21.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.1 (20.99)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (minimum, maximum)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(20, 95)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(18, 98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(18, 98)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Gender, N (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 (58.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1003 (56.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1073 (56.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 (41.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>776 (43.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>826 (43.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Ethnicity, N (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hispanic or Latino</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89 (5.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 (4.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Hispanic or Latino</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118 (98.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1689 (94.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1807 (95.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Race, N (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97 (80.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1237 (69.5%))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1334 (70.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black or African American</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (13.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477 (26.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>493 (26.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (3.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (1.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (1.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>American Indian or Alaska Native</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White/American Indian or Alaska Native b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (0.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White/Black or African Americanb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White/Black or African American/AmericanIndian or Alaska Native </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asian/Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (1.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (1.5%)</td></tr></table>

a Age was calculated relative to the date of informed consent. b Subjects indicated more than 1 race.

The head injury characteristics of the subjects represented by the 1899 specimens included in the performance analysis were tabulated. Information regarding time from head injury to exam, head injury to CT scan, and head injury to blood draw, as well as GCS, neurological assessment and physical evidence of trauma, categorized by head CT scan results, are shown below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Head Injury Characteristics</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Head CT Scan Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Time from head injury to examination (hours)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1779</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1899</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (SD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9 (1.73)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 (1.71)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 (1.71)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Median</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range (minimum, maximum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.3, 7.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.1, 10.7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.1, 10.7)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Time from head injury to CT scan (hours)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1779</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1899</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (SD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 (1.95)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7 (1.93)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7 (1.93)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Median</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range (minimum, maximum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.5, 8.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.2, 13.3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.2, 13.3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Time from head injury to blood draw (hours)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1779</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1899</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (SD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8 (1.91)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 (1.88)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 (1.89)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Median</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range (minimum, maximum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.3, 9.3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.3, 11.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.3, 11.9)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">GCS score</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 (5.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 (0.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 (1.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 (15.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71 (4.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 (4.7%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94 (78.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1693 (95.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1787 (94.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Neurological assessmentNumber (%) of subjects experiencing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loss of Consciousness (LOC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82 (68.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">720 (40.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802 (42.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Confusion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44 (36.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">312 (17.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">356 (18.7%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alteration of Consciousness (AOC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 (76.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">976 (54.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1068 (56.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vomiting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 (11.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128 (7.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142 (7.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vomiting Two or More Episodes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (8.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 (3.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 (3.7%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Post Traumatic Amnesia (PTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 (67.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">544 (30.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">625 (32.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Post Traumatic Seizures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (1.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 (0.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 (0.7%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subjects with Drug or Alcohol Intoxication at Time ofPresentation to Facility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 (27.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">369 (20.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">402 (21.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dangerous Mechanism of Injuryb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 (22.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">369 (20.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">396 (20.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Physical Evidence</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visible Trauma Above the Clavicle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101 (84.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1102 (61.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1203 (63.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Suspected Open or Depressed Skull Fracture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 (11.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46 (2.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 (3.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signs of Basal Skull Fracture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (8.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26 (1.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 (1.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presence of Neurosurgical Lesions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 (4.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 (0.3%)</td></tr></table>

a Time since head injury calculated relative to time that the subject was first examined by medical personnel at facility. b Dangerous mechanism of injury was pedestrian struck by a motor vehicle, an occupant ejected from a motor vehicle, or a fall from an elevation of 3 or more feet or 5 stairs. c Prior to head CT.

The most common head CT findings in the 120 subjects with CT-positive scans were scalp injury $( 9 6 . 7 \% )$ , subarachnoid hemorrhage $( 5 9 . 2 \% )$ ), the presence of incidental findings $( 5 7 . 5 \% )$ , and acute subdural hematoma $( 4 7 . 5 \% )$ . Other frequently reported findings included cranial fractures $( 2 6 . 7 \% )$ , parenchymal hematoma $( 2 0 . 0 \% )$ , facial fractures $( 1 6 . 7 \% )$ , skull based fractures $( 1 5 . 0 \% )$ , and indeterminate extra-axial lesions $( 1 5 . 0 \% )$ . All other findings occurred in less than $10 \%$ of CT-positive subjects.

To estimate the clinical performance characteristics, the TBI test interpretation was compared to the adjudicated head CT scan result for each subject. The performance estimates are summarized below. Of the 1899 specimens, 120 had positive CT scan results. Of these 120 specimens, 116 had a positive TBI interpretation (Sensitivity: $9 6 . 7 \%$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 1 . 7 \%$ , $9 8 . 7 \%$ ). Four specimens associated with CT scan positive results had a negative TBI interpretation. The rate of False Negative (FN) results was $3 . 3 \%$ (4/120). Five subjects in the study were identified with lesion requiring surgical intervention; none of these five subjects had a FN result, suggesting that the TBI test correctly classified all these five CT-positive subjects with a positive TBI interpretation. Of the 1779 specimens with negative CT scan results, 713 had a negative TBI interpretation (Specificity: $4 0 . 1 \%$ ). The rate of False Positive (FP) results was $5 9 . 9 \%$ (1066/1779).

Overall, there were 717 specimens with a negative TBI interpretation. Of these, 713 specimens were associated with negative CT scan results. The NPV of the assay was $9 9 . 4 \%$ (713/717, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 8 . 6 \%$ , $9 9 . 8 \%$ ).

The Positive Predictive Value (PPV) of the assay was $9 . 8 \%$ . The Likelihood Ratio Negative (LR-) of the assay was 0.08 $9 5 \%$ CI: 0.03, 0.22). The Likelihood Ratio positive $( \mathrm { L R ^ { + } } )$ of the assay was 1.61 ( $9 5 \%$ CI: 1.53, 1.70).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Head CT Scan Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TBI Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>713</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>717</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1779</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1899</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( \% ) = 9 6 . 7$ (116 / 120); $9 5 \%$ CI: 91.7, 98.7 Specificity $( \% ) = 4 0 . 1$ (713 / 1779); $9 5 \%$ CI: 37.8, 42.4 NPV $( \% ) ^ { \mathrm { a } } = 9 9 . 4$ (713 / 717); $9 5 \%$ CI: 98.6, 99.8 PPV $( \% ) ^ { \mathrm { b } } = 9 . 8$ $( 1 1 6 / 1 1 8 2 )$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: 8.2, 11.6 Likelihood Ratio Negative $( \mathrm { L R - } ) = 0 . 0 8$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: 0.03, 0.22 Likelihood Ratio Positive $( \mathrm { L R } + ) = 1 . 6 1$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: 1.53, 1.70

a Adjusted NPV $( \% )$ for $6 \%$ CT scan positive prevalence ${ \bf \Phi } ^ { * } = 9 9 . 5 $ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: 98.6, 99.8   
b Adjusted PPV $( \% )$ for $6 \%$ CT scan positive prevalence $\ast = 9 . 3$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: 8.9, 9.8

Performance by gender and time from injury to blood draw is also presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>ALERT-TBI study</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Head CT Scan Results</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Sensitivity(%) (N)(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Specificity(%)) N)(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Adj.PPVa(%)(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Adj.NPVa(%)(95%CI</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>LR+(95%CI</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>LR-(95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TBI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TBI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All subjectsn = 1899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>713</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7 (116 /120)(91.7, 98.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.1 (713 /1779)(37.8, 42.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3(8.9,9.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(98.6,99.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61(1.53,1.70)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08(0.03,0.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Gender</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malen = 1073(56.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1 (68 / 70)(90.2, 99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.1 (402 /1003)(37.1, 43.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4(8.8,9.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(98.2,99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62(1.52,1.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07(0.02,0.28)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Femalen = 826(43.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0 (48 / 50)(86.5, 98.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.1 (311 /776)(36.7, 43.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3(8.6,10.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4(97.6,99.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60(1.48,1.74)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10(0.03,0.39)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Time from injury to blood draw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 4 hoursn = 1443(76.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>534</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 (84 / 86)(91.9, 99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.4 (534 /1357)(36.8, 42.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3(8.9,9.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6(98.5,99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61(1.53,1.70)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06(0.01,0.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 4 - 8 hoursn =378(19.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4 (27 / 28)(82.3, 99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.4 (152 /350)(38.3, 48.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8(8.8,10.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5(96.5,99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70(1.52,1.91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08(0.01,0.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 8 hoursn = 1821(95.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4 (111 /114)(92.5, 99.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.2 (686 /1707)(37.9, 42.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4(9.0,9.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6(98.7,99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63(1.55,1.71)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07(0.02,0.20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 8 - 12 hoursn = 78 (4.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3 (5 / 6)(43.6, 97.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 (27 / 72)(27.2, 49.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8(5.4,11.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2(85.2,99.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33(0.89,1.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44(0.07,2.73)</td></tr></table>

Since specimens from the ALERT-TBI study were archived frozen samples, a specimen stability study was conducted to demonstrate the integrity of clinical samples, as per special control b(1)(ii)(i) of 21 CFR 866.5830. The study demonstrated stability of plasma samples covering a range of GFAP and UCH-L1 antigen levels stored frozen at $\cdot 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } ^ { \circ }$ .

The results showed that the clinical performance of the TBI test is characterized by high clinical sensitivity and high NPV comparable to that demonstrated by the Banyan BTI (DEN170045; clinical sensitivity $= 9 7 . 5 \%$ , clinical specificity $= 3 6 . 5 \%$ , $\mathrm { N P V } = 9 9 . 6 \%$ , $\mathrm { P P V } = 9 . 2 \%$ ), which supports clinical utility as an aid in the evaluation of the need for a CT scan in subjects presenting with a GCS score of 13 to 15.

# Fresh Specimen Study

To supplement the results of the pivotal study $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { N = 1 } 8 9 9$ ) described above, a study was conducted using freshly collected plasma specimens from consenting men and women 18 years of age or older who presented to a HCF or ED with suspected mild TBI, with initial GCS scores of 13-15, and who had a CT scan of the head performed per the clinical site’s standard of care. A total of 97 subjects were enrolled across 5 clinical sites in the United States.

Similar to the pivotal study, CT scans were performed in accordance with the clinical site’s standard of care. Images were transmitted to a central neuroimaging processing center. Images were interpreted by at least two radiologists who were masked to other clinical and laboratory data; procedures for scoring images were established before conducting image review. The clinical outcome was based on the consensus interpretation between two radiologists, with adjudication by a third radiologist if necessary. Outcomes were positive, negative, or inconclusive as defined by the presence or absence of acute traumatic intracranial lesions, respectively. Acute intracranial lesion was defined as any trauma induced or related finding visualized upon head CT scan.

Whole blood was collected into dipotassium EDTA blood collection tubes from each subject using venipuncture and centrifuged to obtain plasma. Specimens were collected within 12 hours of head injury. The demographic characteristics of the subjects represented in the performance analysis are summarized below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Demographic Characteristics</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Head CT Scan Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 (14.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83 (85.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Age (Years)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (SD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.5 (20.33)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.4 (20.24)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.4 (20.29)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Median</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range(minimum, maximum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(19.0, 73.0)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(18.0, 85.0)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(18.0, 85.0)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Gender, N (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Male</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (71.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51 (61.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61 (62.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (28.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32 (38.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 (37.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Ethnicity, N (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hispanic or Latino</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (28.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 (26.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26 (26.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Hispanic or Latino</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (71.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 (72.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 (72.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Race, N (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 (92.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56 (67.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69 (71.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Black or African American</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 (14.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 (12.4%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Asian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 (8.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 (8.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Native Hawaiian or Other PacificIslander</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.0%)</td></tr></table>

The head injury characteristics of the subjects in the supplemental fresh plasma specimen study including information regarding time from head injury to CT scan and head injury to blood draw, as well as GCS, neurological assessment, physical evidence of trauma, and mechanism of injury, categorized by head CT scan results, are shown below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Head Injury Characteristics</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Head CT Scan Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Time from head injury to CT scan (hours)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (SD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2 (1.47)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1 (1.76)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 (1.74)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Median</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range (minimum, maximum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.8, 6.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.8, 9.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.8, 9.9)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Time from head injury to blood draw (hours)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (SD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.4 (2.90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9 (2.64)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3 (2.81)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Median</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range (minimum, maximum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(4.1, 11.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.4, 12.0)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.4, 12.0)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">GCS score - Number (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (21.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (4.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 (7.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (71.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79 (95.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89 (91.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Neurological Assessment  Number (%) of subjects experiencing:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loss of Consciousness (LOC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (71.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 (37.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41 (42.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alteration of Consciousness (AOC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 (78.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51 (61.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62 (63.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vomiting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (21.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (3.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (6.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Post Traumatic Amnesia (PTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (71.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35 (42.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 (46.4%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subjects with Drug in System at the Time ofPresentation to Facility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 (35.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 (9.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 (13.4%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subjects with Alcohol in System at the Time ofPresentation to Facility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 (50.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (7.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 (13.4%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Physical Evidence  N (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subdural Hematoma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (71.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (10.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subarachnoid Hemorrhage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 (71.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 (11.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acute Skull Fracture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 (57.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 (9.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contusion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (42.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (6.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intracerebral Hemorrhage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epidural Hematoma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traumatic Axonal Injury</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midline Shift Supratentorial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (14.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (2.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cisternal Compression</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (14.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (2.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (7.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brain Atrophy or Encephalomalacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (2.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (2.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brain Swelling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (14.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (2.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visible Trauma Above the Clavicle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 (92.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55 (66.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68 (70.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signs of Basal Skull Fracture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (14.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (2.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Mechanism of Injury - N (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceleration/Deceleration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (14.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26 (31.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 (28.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct impact: Blow to Head</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (28.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 (15.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 (17.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct impact: Head Against Object</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 (78.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54 (65.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65 (67.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fall from height &gt; 1 meter (3 ft)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (14.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (4.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (6.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ground level fall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (28.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26 (31.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 (30.9%)</td></tr></table>

The TBI test on the Alinity i system clinical performance estimates from the supplemental plasma fresh specimen study are shown below. Of the 97 subjects tested, 14 had positive head CT scan results. Of these 14 subjects, 14 had a positive TBI test interpretation (14 / 14, clinical sensitivity $= 1 0 0 . 0 \%$ ). The rate of False Negatives (FN) was $0 . 0 \%$ (0 / 14). Of the 83 subjects associated with negative CT scan results, 23 had a negative TBI test interpretation $( 2 3 / 8 3$ , clinical specificity $= 2 7 . 7 \%$ ). The rate of False Positive (FP) results was $7 2 . 3 \%$ $( 6 0 / 8 3 )$ .

Overall, there were 23 specimens with a negative TBI test interpretation. All 23 specimens were associated with negative head CT scan results. The NPV of the assay was $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (23 / 23).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TBI Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Head CT Scan Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( \% ) = 1 0 0 . 0$ (14 / 14); $9 5 \%$ CI: 78.5, 100.0 Specificity $( \% ) = 2 7 . 7$ (23 / 83); $9 5 \%$ CI: 19.2, 38.2 NPV $( \% ) ^ { \mathrm { a } } = 1 0 0 . 0$ (23 / 23); $9 5 \%$ CI: 85.7, 100.0 PPV $( \% ) ^ { \mathrm { a } } = 1 8 . 9$ (14 / 74); $9 5 \%$ CI: 11.6, 29.3 Likelihood Ratio Negative $( \mathrm { L R } - ) = 0 . 1 2$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: 0.01, 1.91 Likelihood Ratio Positive $\left( \mathrm { L R + } \right) = 1 . 3 8$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: 1.21, 1.58

a NPV and PPV are estimated at $1 4 . 4 3 \%$ prevalence of CT scan positive rate for suspected mild TBI subjects in the fresh study. If NPV and PPV are adjusted to $6 \%$ prevalence rate (comparable to the pivotal study cohort), $\mathrm { N P V } = 9 9 . 2 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: 89.1,99.9), and $\mathrm { P P V } = 8 . 1$ $9 5 \%$ CI: 7.2, 9.1)\*

The results show that the TBI test, when evaluated with fresh plasma samples, is characterized by high sensitivity and NPV supportive of its clinical utility as an aid in the evaluation of the need for a CT scan in subjects presenting with a GCS score of 13 to 15.

# IX. Conclusion

The information presented in this 510(k) premarket notification demonstrate that the subject device, TBI for use with Alinity i, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Banyan BTI (DEN170045), and meets special controls requirements of 21 CFR 866.5830.