September 18, 2023

Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
Kate Oelberg   
Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K231832 Trade/Device Name: Access Myoglobin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5680 Regulation Name: Myoglobin Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DDR Dated: June 21, 2023 Received: June 22, 2023

Dear Kate Oelberg:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Paula V. Caposino -S

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k231832

Device Name Access Myoglobin

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510 (k) Summary This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number k231832

Submitter Name and Address: Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Primary Contact: Kate Oelberg, Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs Email: kmoelberg@beckman.com Phone: (612) 431-7315

Alternate Contact: Kuljeet Kaur, Regulatory Affairs Manager Email: kkaur@beckman.com Office Phone: (952) 465-1914

Trade Name: Access Myoglobin Common Name: Myoglobin Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 866.5680 Classification Product Code: DDR

Predicate Device: Access Myoglobin 510(k) Number K021229

# Device Description

The Access Myoglobin assay is a sandwich immunoenzymatic assay. The Access Myoglobin assay consists of the reagent pack and calibrators. Other items needed to run the assay include substrate and wash buffer. The Access Myoglobin assay reagent pack, Access Myoglobin assay calibrators, along with the UniCel DxI Wash Buffer II are designed for use with the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer in a clinical laboratory setting.

# Intended Use

The Access Myoglobin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of myoglobin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems to aid in the diagnosis of heart or renal disease.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics to the Predicate (Assay)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>,ompanson of Tecmoioglc.</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemAttribute/Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Access Myoglobinassay (k021229) run on theAccess 2 ImmunoassaySystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Myoglobin assay runon the Dxi 9000 AccessImmunoassay AnalyzerInstrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended UselIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access Myoglobin assayis a paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescentimmunoassay for thequantitativedetermination of myoglobinlevels in human serum andplasma using the AccessImmunoassay Systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access Myoglobin assayis a two-site immunoenzymatic(&quot;sandwich&quot;) assay. A sampleis added to a reaction vesselwith mouse monoclonal anti-myoglobin-alkalinephosphatase conjugate,mouse monoclonal anti-myoglobin-biotinconjugate, and paramagneticparticles coated with goat anti-biotin.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Support</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramagnetic Particles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilizes dioxetane-basedchemiluminescent substrate;Measures light production froma chemiluminescent reaction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid calibrators preparedfrom buffered bovine proteinmatrix and human skeletalMyoglobin at various levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/Plasma (heparin orEDTA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 - 4000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separate ranges for Heparinplasma/serum vs EDTAplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same ranges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Immunoassay system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dxl 9000 AccessImmunoassay Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lumi-Phos PRO substrate</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP06-2nd Edition-: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement   
Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
CLSI EP09c: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples– Third Edition   
CLSI EP28-A3c Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory – Third Edition   
CLSI EP35 Assessment of Equivalence of Suitability of Specimen Types for Medical Laboratory Measurement Procedures – First Edition

# Summary of Studies:

Method Comparison: A study based on CLSI EP09c, 3rd Edition using Weighted Deming regression and Pearson’s correlation compared the Access 2 Immunoassay System and the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Range*(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2 - 3900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 - 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.10 - 1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

\*Range is Access 2 values

Imprecison: The assay was designed to have within-laboratory imprecision as listed below: ≤ 1.10 ng/mL $( \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathsf { L } )$ SD at concentrations ≤ 11.0 ng/mL $( \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathsf { L } )$   
$\leq 1 0 . 0 \%$ CV at concentrations $> 1 1 . 0 \ \mathsf { n g / m L } \left( \mathsf { \mu g / L } \right)$   
A study based on CLSI EP05-A3 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer tested multiple samples in duplicate in 2 runs per day for a minimum of 20 days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ng/mL (μg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2719</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr></table>

Linearity: A study based on CLSI EP06-Ed2 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer determined the assay demonstrated linearity across the measuring interval.

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ): Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) studies were conducted on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer following CLSI guideline EP17-A2 The LoB study included multiple reagent lots and 3 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The LoD and LoQ studies included multiple reagent lots and 3 instruments over a minimum of 5 days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL (μg/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)≤ 20% within-lab CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison Conclusion

Beckman Coulter’s Access Myoglobin assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is substantially equivalent to Myoglobin assay on the Access Immunoassay System (k021229) as demonstrated through the information and data provided in this submission. The performance testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective in its intended use.