September 29, 2023

Abbott Laboratories   
Lisa Kelly   
Associate Director Regulatory Affairs   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Dept.09AA, Building CP1   
Abbott Park, Illinois 60064

Re: K232669 Trade/Device Name: TBI Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5830 Regulation Name: Brain trauma assessment test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QAT Dated: August 31, 2023 Received: September 1, 2023

Dear Lisa Kelly:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Submission Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td>K232669</td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td></tr><tr><td>TBI</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

<table><tr><td>The TBI test s a panelin vitr diagnostichemilumiecent micopartclemossays (CMIA)uso the quantitative measurements of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1) inhuman plasma and serum and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation et results derived from these measurements using the ARCHITECT i1000sR System. The interpretation of test results is used, in conjunction with other clinical information, to aid in the evaluation of patients, 18 years of age rolder, presenting with suspected mild traumatic braininjury (Glasgow Coma Scale score 13-15) within 12 hours of injury, to assist in determining the need for a CT (computed tomography) scan ofthe head. A negative test result is associated with the absence of acute intracranial lesions visualized on a head CT scan.</td></tr></table>

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable) IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# I. Applicant Name

Date summary prepared: September 29, 2023

Abbott Diagnostics Department 09AA, Building CP01 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, IL 60064

Primary contact person for all communications:

Lisa Kelly, Associate Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Laboratories   
lisa.kelly@abbott.com   
Phone (224) 668-8849   
Fax (224) 280-2358

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Noah Lermer, PhD, Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Laboratories   
noah.lermer@abbott.com   
Phone (224) 214-7838   
Fax (224) 667-1221

# II. Device Name

TBI

# Reagents

Trade Name: Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) Ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1)   
Device Classification: Class II (Special controls)   
Classification Name: Brain trauma assessment test   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR $\$ 866.5830$   
Product Code: QAT

# III. Predicate Device

TBI K223602

# IV. Description of Device

The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic quantitative measurements of GFAP and UCH-L1 and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation of GFAP and UCH-L1 in human plasma and serum.

# GFAP:

This assay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of GFAP in human plasma and serum using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology.

Sample, anti-GFAP coated paramagnetic microparticles, and assay specific diluent are combined and incubated. The GFAP present in the sample binds to the anti-GFAP coated microparticles. The mixture is washed. Anti-GFAP acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture and incubated. Following a wash cycle, Pre-Trigger and Trigger Solutions are added.

The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as a relative light unit (RLU). There is a direct relationship between the amount of GFAP in the sample and the RLU detected by the system optics.

# UCH-L1:

This assay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the quantitative measurement of UCH-L1 in human plasma and serum using CMIA technology.

Sample, anti-UCH-L1 coated paramagnetic microparticles, and assay specific diluent are combined and incubated. The UCH-L1 present in the sample binds to the anti-UCH-L1 coated microparticles. The mixture is washed. Anti-UCH-L1 acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture and incubated.

Following a wash cycle, Pre-Trigger and Trigger Solutions are added.

The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as an RLU. There is a direct relationship between the amount of UCH-L1 in the sample and the RLU detected by the system optics.

# Interpretation of Results

The assay cutoffs were established to be $3 5 . 0 \ \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $3 5 . 0 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ ) for GFAP and $4 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { p g / m L }$ $( 4 0 0 . 0 \mathrm { n g / L } )$ for UCH-L1.

The GFAP and UCH-L1 results are reported separately and the software provides a TBI interpretation relative to the respective cutoff values as shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification for Constituent Assay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBI Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBI Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP and UCH-L1 below (&lt;) cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP and/or UCH-L1 above (≥) cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

The following table provides a detailed summary of the TBI interpretation based on potential results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP Assay Result(Relative to Cutoff of35.0 pg/mL [35.0 ng/L])*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1 Assay Result(Relative to Cutoff of400.0 pg/mL[400.0 ng/L])*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBI Interpretation**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reportable***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reportable***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive***</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reportable***</td></tr></table>

\* Above means greater than or equal to the cutoff. Below means less than the cutoff. \*\* The GFAP and UCH-L1 results can be found on the Result Details screen under Constituent Information on the User Interface.

\*\*\* An automated TBI interpretation will not be reported for specimens without a result for GFAP and/or UCH-L1. The GFAP and/or UCH-L1 assay(s) may be retested if needed to obtain a result and a manual TBI interpretation may be required. The TBI interpretation for a specimen is considered positive if the result for either constituent assay (GFAP or UCH-L1) is greater than or equal to the cutoff and no result is obtained for the other assay. The TBI interpretation for a specimen is not reportable if the result for either constituent assay is less than the cutoff and no result is obtained for the other assay.

In the case of a flagged ">" or " $< "$ result for either assay, the TBI interpretation should be evaluated manually. A result flagged “>” should be considered above the cutoff and a result flagged “<” should be considered below the cutoff.

# V. Intended Use of the Device

The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassays (CMIA) used for the quantitative measurements of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1) in human plasma and serum and provides a semi-quantitative interpretation of test results derived from these measurements using the ARCHITECT i1000SR System.

The interpretation of test results is used, in conjunction with other clinical information, to aid in the evaluation of patients, 18 years of age or older, presenting with suspected mild traumatic brain injury (Glasgow Coma Scale score 13-15) within 12 hours of injury, to assist in determining the need for a CT (computed tomography) scan of the head. A negative test result is associated with the absence of acute intracranial lesions visualized on a head CT scan.

The TBI test is intended for use in clinical laboratory settings by healthcare professionals.

# VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Cleared Predicate Device: TBI for Alinity i (K223602)</td><td>Subject Device: TBI for ARCHITECT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use and Indications for Use</td><td>The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassays (CMIA) used for the quantitative measurements of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1) in human plasma and serum and provides a semi- quantitative interpretation of test results derived from these measurements using the Alinity i system. The interpretation of test results is used, in conjunction with other clinical information, to aid in the evaluation of patients, 18 years of age or older, presenting with suspected mild traumatic brain injury (Glasgow Coma Scale score 13-15) within 12 hours of injury, to assist in determining the need for a CT (computed tomography) scan of the head. A negative test result is associated with the absence of acute</td><td>The TBI test is a panel of in vitro diagnostic chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassays (CMIA) used for the quantitative measurements of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ubiquitin carboxyl-terminal hydrolase L1 (UCH-L1) in human plasma and serum and provides a semi- quantitative interpretation of test results derived from these measurements using the ARCHITECT i1000SR System. The interpretation of test results is used, in conjunction with other clinical information, to aid in the evaluation of patients, 18 years of age or older, presenting with suspected mild traumatic brain injury (Glasgow Coma Scale score 13-15) within 12 hours of injury, to assist in determining the need for a CT (computed tomography) scan of the head. A negative test result is associated with the absence of acute</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>intracranial lesions visualized on a head CT scan. The TBI test is intended for use in clinical laboratory settings by healthcare professionals. Clinical Laboratory</td><td>intracranial lesions visualized on a head CT scan. The TBI test is intended for use in clinical laboratory settings by healthcare professionals. Same</td></tr><tr><td>Setting</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Measurands Specimen Type</td><td>GFAP and UCH-L1 Plasma and serum</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Technology</td><td>CMIA</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleared Predicate Device:TBI for Alinity i(K223602)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device:TBI for ARCHITECT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReportableResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative results for GFAP andUCH-L1 and semi-quantitativeinterpretation for TBI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP: 6 levelsUCH-L1: 6 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP: 3 levels (25.0, 500.0, and30000.0 pg/mL)UCH-L1: 3 levels (250.0, 2000.0, and15000.0 pg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two separate test kits - one for GFAPand one for UCH-L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP kit: 200 μLUCH-L1 kit: 150 µL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReportableInterval(pg/mL, ng/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Measuring Interval:GFAP: 6.1 - 42,000.0UCH-L1: 26.3 - 25,000.0Reportable Interval:GFAP: 3.2 - 42,000.0UCH-L1: 18.3 - 25,000.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.0 pg/mL (35.0 ng/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UCH-L1 Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400.0 pg/mL (400.0 ng/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentformulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GFAP Reagent KitMicroparticles: Anti-GFAP (rabbit,monoclonal) coated microparticles inTRIS buffer with protein (bovine)stabilizer. Minimum concentration:0.05 % solids.Preservative: ProClin 300.Conjugate: Anti-GFAP (mouse,monoclonal) acridinium-labeledconjugate in MES buffer with protein(bovine) stabilizer. Minimumconcentration: 0.2 mg/L.Preservative: ProClin 300.•Assay Specific Diluent: TRIS bufferwith protein (bovine) stabilizer.Preservative: ProClin 300.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics Reagent</td><td>Cleared Predicate Device: TBI for Alinity i (K223602)</td><td>Subject Device: TBI for ARCHITECT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">formulation (continued)</td><td>UCH-L1 Reagent Kit •Microparticles: Anti-UCH-L1 (mouse, monoclonal) coated microparticles in TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: 0.05% solids. Preservative: sodium azide. Conjugate: Anti-UCH-L1 (mouse, monoclonal) acridinium-labeled</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>conjugate in MES buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: 0.2 mg/L. Preservative: ProClin 300. •Assay Specific Diluent: TRIS buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Preservative: sodium azide.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Instrument Platform</td><td>General Device Characteristic Differences Alinity i system</td><td>ARCHITECT i1000SR System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Reagent Packaging Configuration</td><td>GFAP Reagent Kit 2 Cartridges x 100 Tests • 1 cartridge (7.1 mL) Microparticles 1 cartridge (6.4 mL) Conjugate • 1 cartridge (6.4 mL) Assay Specific Diluent</td><td>GFAP Reagent Kit 100 Tests • 1 bottle (7.4 mL) Microparticles •1 bottle (6.7 mL) Conjugate • 1 bottle (6.7 mL) Assay Specific Diluent</td></tr><tr><td>UCH-L1 Reagent Kit 2 Cartridges x 100 Tests • 1 cartridge (7.1 mL) Microparticles 1 cartridge (12.5 mL) Conjugate 1 cartridge (10.5 mL) Assay Specific Diluent</td><td>UCH-L1 Reagent Kit 100 Tests •1 bottle (7.4 mL) Microparticles 1 bottle (12.0 mL) Conjugate • 1 bottle (10.9 mL) Assay Specific Diluent</td></tr></table>

# VII. Performance Summary:

The TBI test using the GFAP assay and UCH-L1 assay, evaluated on the ARCHITECT i1000SR System, met the pre-defined product requirements for all characteristics evaluated in the verification studies.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VerificationActivity</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TBI on ARCHITECT i1000SR</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP 20-DayPrecision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 to 6.2 %CV for samples with GFAP concentrations from20.4 to 37,098.8 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1 20-DayPrecision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 to 4.5 %CV for samples with UCH-L1 concentrationsfrom 187.6 to 19,645.0 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAPReproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 to 6.0 %CV for samples with GFAP concentrations from23.6 to 34,087.5 pg/mL1.30 pg/mL SD for sample with GFAP concentration 19.1pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 to 3.9 %CV for samples with UCH-L1 concentrationsfrom 193.0 to 20,363.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAPLoB, LoD, LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB - 2.0 pg/mLLoD - 3.2 pg/mLLoQ - 6.1 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1LoB, LoD, LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB - 9.2 pg/mLLoD - 18.3 pg/mLLoQ - 26.3 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP 6.1 to 42,000.0 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1 Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1 26.3 to 25,000.0 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Onboard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Onboard/Calibration CurveStorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td></tr></table>

Studies were performed based on guidance from CLSI EP09c, 3rd ed. using the Passing-Bablok regression method.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECTi1000SR(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Alinity i(pg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CorrelationCoefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Slope</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GFAP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32359.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32548.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.00,1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-1.1, -0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.02,1.05)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UCH-L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23763.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24127.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.00,1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-7.9, -4.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1.05,1.07)</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Conclusion

The results presented in this Special 510(k) demonstrate that the performance of the subject device (TBI on the ARCHITECT i1000SR) is substantially equivalent to the performance of the predicate device (TBI on the Alinity i system, K2223602).