March 13, 2024

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc   
Karlyn Kellogg   
Regulatory Affairs Professional   
Glyn Rhonwy, Llanberis   
Caernarfon   
Llanberis, Gwynedd LL55 4EL   
United Kingdom

Re: K233946 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-Associated Antigen Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MOI Dated: December 14, 2023 Received: December 14, 2023

Dear Karlyn Kellogg:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K233946

Device Name IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA

Indications for Use (Describe)

For in vitro diagnostic use with the IMMULITE 2000 Systems Analyzers - for the quantitative measurement of CA15-3 antigen in human serum and plasma, as an aid in the detection of recurrence in previously treated stage II and stage III breast cancer patients, and in the management of metastatic breast cancer patients by monitoring disease progression or response to treatment. Serial testing for patient CA15-3 values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for detecting early recurrence in stage II and stage III disease and for monitoring response to treatment in patients with metastatic breast cancer.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92 and SMDA 1990.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K233946

# I. Submitter

Contact Person: Karlyn Kellogg   
Address: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 500 GBC Drive, M/S 514 Newark, DE 19714   
E-mail: karlyn.e.kellogg@siemens-healthineers.com   
Phone: 302-729-6271   
Date of Preparation: March 6, 2024

# II. Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMULITE® 2000 BR-MA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test, Immunological, Antigen, Tumor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.6010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology (82)</td></tr></table>

# III. Predicate Device

The predicate device IMMULITE® 2000 BR-MA, manufactured by Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products Ltd, Glyn Rhonwy, Llanberis, Wales, United Kingdom, was cleared by the FDA under K013984.

# IV. Device Description

The IMMULITE® 2000 BR-MA assay was cleared under K013984. The components of the cleared assay were modified to reduce biotin interference.

The modified IMMULITE® 2000 BR-MA Assay is comprised of the following components:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ingredients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BR-MA Bead Pack (L2BR12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polystyrene bead coated with Ligand-labeledanti-CA15-3 murine monoclonal antibody</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BR-MA Reagent Wedge(L2BRA2) - Well 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum-based buffer, with preservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BR-MA Reagent Wedge(L2BRA2) - Well 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alkaline phosphatase (bovine calf intestine)conjugated to murine monoclonal anti-CA15-3antibody in buffer, with preservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BR-MA Adjustors (LBRL, LBRH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mL each</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized CA15-3 in a nonhuman serum matrix,with preservative (low and high levels)</td></tr></table>

The IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA is a solid-phase, two-step chemiluminescent immunometric assay. There are two incubation cycles of 30 minutes each.

During the initial 30-minute cycle, the patient sample is incubated with biotinylated antibody coated bead (bead pack) and a buffer (reagent wedge well 1). The biotinylated antibody on the bead captures the antigen in the patient sample. On completion of the first 30-minute cycle, unbound sample/buffer are then removed via a centrifugal wash.

During the second 30-minute cycle, alkaline phosphatase antibody conjugate in buffer (reagent wedge well 2) is added to complete the bead pair immunocomplex sandwich consisting of capture Ab-antigendetection Ab. On completion of the second 30-minute cycle, unbound conjugate is removed by centrifugal wash. The amount of alkaline phosphatase bound is directly proportional to the analyte in the patient sample.

Following the two 30-minute incubation periods, IMMULITE chemiluminescent substrate (L2SUBM) is added for a further 5-minute incubation period to generate the luminogenic reaction.

The chemiluminescent substrate undergoes hydrolysis in the presence of the alkaline phosphatase to yield an unstable intermediate, which then emits photons. The sustained emissions are measured by the luminometer. The resulting relative light units are proportional to the concentration of CA15-3 in the sample, which is expressed as $\mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$ .

# V. Intended Use / Indications for Use

For in vitro diagnostic use with the IMMULITE® 2000 Systems Analyzers – for the quantitative measurement of CA15-3 antigen in human serum and plasma, as an aid in the detection of recurrence in previously treated stage II and stage III breast cancer patients, and in the management of metastatic breast cancer patients by monitoring disease progression or response to treatment. Serial testing for patient CA15-3 values should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for detecting early recurrence in stage II and stage III disease and for monitoring response to treatment in patients with metastatic breast cancer.

# VI. Comparison to Predicate Device

Comparison Table of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:IMMULITE® 2000 BR-MA Assay, modified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:IMMULITE® 2000 BR-MA Assay,K013984</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use with theIMMULITE® 2000 Systems AnalyzerS - forthe quantitative measurement of CA15-3antigen in human serum and plasma, as anaid in the detection of recurrence inpreviously treated stage II and stage IIIbreast cancer patients, and in themanagement of metastatic breast cancerpatients by monitoring disease progressionor response to treatment. Serial testing forpatient CA15-3 values should be used inconjunction with other clinical methodsused for detecting early recurrence in stageII and stage III disease and for monitoringresponse to treatment in patients withmetastatic breast cancer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cancer Antigen 15-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum in plain tubes and BectonDickinson SST® vacutainer; heparinized andEDTA plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Limits:Limit of Blank (LoB) = 0.21 U/mLLimit of Detection (LoD) = 0.30 U/mLLimit of Quantitation (LoQ) = 1 U/mLLoB, LoD, and LoQ were determined inaccordance with Clinical and LaboratoryStandards Institute (CLSI) EP17-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity: 1.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay MeasuringInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-300 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunologic sandwich</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct chemiluminescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMMULITE® 2000 Systems Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator(Adjustors)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized CA15-3 in a nonhuman serummatrix, with preservative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commercially available, minimum of 2 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase (bovine calfintestine) conjugated to murine monoclonalanti-CA15-3 antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-CA15-3 murine monoclonal antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens that contain biotin at aconcentration of 3500 ng/mL demonstrate aless than or equal to 10% change in results.Biotin concentrations greater than this maylead to incorrect results for patient samples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens that contain biotin at aconcentration of 100 ng/mLdemonstrate a less than or equalto 10% change in results. Biotinconcentrations greater than thismay lead to falsely depressedresults for patient samples.</td></tr></table>

# VII. Summary of Performance Testing

Substantial equivalence of the modified IMMULITE® 2000 BR-MA assay was demonstrated by testing performance characteristics including detection capability, linearity, method comparison, precision, recovery, interference, hook effect, reference range and matrix comparison.

The following performance data are provided in support of a substantial equivalence determination.

# i. Detection Limits

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were determined in accordance with CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. The LoB, LoD, and Lo estimates are summarized below:

LoB 0.21 U/mL LoD 0.30 U/mL LoQ 1 U/mL

# ii. Measuring Interval / Linearity

Linearity studies were conducted with 3 reagent lots consistent with the governing standard CLSI EP06- ED2: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures.

A high sample pool and low sample were mixed to prepare a linearity panel of ten levels. Linearity was determined if the allowable deviation from linearity (ADL) was $\leq 1 5 \%$ at each individual level.

Linearity was confirmed across the assay range by acceptable ADL at each individual level and supports the measuring interval of $1 - 3 0 0 \mathrm { U / m L }$ .

# iii. Method Comparison: Quantitative Assay

The method comparison study was performed comparing the modified device to the currently marketed device. A total of 274 patient samples covering the full range of the assay were analyzed. A single replicate was processed for each sample. Passing-Bablok regression was used to compare the devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison Assay (x)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation Coefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y = 0.98x + 0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y = 0.99x + 0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y = 1.04x - 0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr></table>

# iv. Verification of Assay Precision

Precision studies were conducted on one reagent lot on one IMMULITE 2000 analyzer in accordance with CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures. Testing was performed on five serum samples spanning the range of the assay. Each sample was tested in duplicate over a period of 20 days, two runs per day, for a total of 40 runs and 80 replicates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total(Within-Lab)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr></table>

# v. Verification of Assay Reproducibility

Reproducibility studies were conducted on three reagents lot on one IMMULITE 2000 analyzer in accordance with CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures, using the $5 \times 5 \times 3$ experimental design. Testing was performed on five serum samples spanning the range of the assay. Each sample was tested over a period of five days, with five replicates per sample.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total(Reproducibility)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr></table>

# vi. Recovery

Spike and recovery studies were performed by spiking samples 1:19 ( $5 \%$ spike) with three CA15-3 solutions of differing concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat SampleResult(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpikeSolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spiking solutionconcentration(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedValue (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>S1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>S2</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>S3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>S4</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>S5</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td></tr></table>

# vii. Interference

Verification of the assay interference was conducted in accordance with CLSI EP07-ED3: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry.

The following substances tested were determined to have no significant interference:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-Fluorouracil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cisplatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclophosphamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxorubicin Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mitomycin-C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vincristine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

The following substances tested were found to have no detectable specificity (cross-reactivity):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-ReactantConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha-fetoprotein (AFP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cancer Antigen125(CA125)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CancerAntigen19-9(CA19-9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# viii. Hook Effect

No hook effect was observed up to $8 0 , 0 0 0 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ . CA15-3 concentrations as high as $8 0 , 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { U / m L }$ will report as ${ > } 3 0 0 \ \mathsf { U / m L }$ .

# ix. Verification of Reference Range

The reference range was verified by assaying apparently healthy female samples according to CLSI EP28- A3C: Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory. The existing reference range $( 6 . 4 - 5 8 \mathrm { \ U / m L } )$ ) was verified.

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n Normal Females</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n Normal Females samples between 6.4 - 58 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Normal Females samples between 6.4 - 58 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td></tr></table>

Siemens provides this information for reference. As with all in vitro diagnostic assays, each laboratory should determine its own reference ranges for the diagnostic evaluation of patient results. Consider these values as a guideline only.

# x. Matrix Comparison

The matrix comparison/specimen equivalence study was performed to evaluate the performance using different tube types (SST, Lithium Heparin, and EDTA). The study demonstrated comparable values to serum samples.

# VIII. Conclusion

These performance studies support that the modified IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA Assay is substantially equivalent to the IMMULITE 2000 BR-MA Assay that is currently marketed, except for reduced biotin interference.