May 10, 2024

Beckman Coulter, Inc   
Kuljeet Kaur   
Senior Manager Regulatory Affairs   
1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K240479 Trade/Device Name: Access OV Monitor Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-Associated Antigen Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LTK Dated: February 19, 2024 Received: February 20, 2024

Dear Kuljeet Kaur:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K240479</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access OV Monitor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr></table>

The Access OV Monitor assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of CA 125 antigen levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is indicated for use in the measurement of CA 125 antigen to aid in the management of ovarian cancer patients. Serial testing for patient CA 1 25 antigen concentrations should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring ovarian cancer.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21CFR807.92.

510(k) Number: K240479

Date Prepared: May 01, 2024

Submitter Name and Address: Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Primary Contact: Kuljeet Kaur, Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager Email: kkaur@beckman.com Office Phone: (952) 465-1914

Alternate Contact: Kate Oelberg, Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs Email: kmoelberg@beckman.com Phone: (612) 431-7315

Trade Name: Access OV Monitor   
Common Name: OV Monitor Chemiluminescence Immunoassay   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 866.6010   
Classification Product Code: LTK

Predicate Device: Access OV Monitor 510(k) Number K023597

# Device Description

The Access OV Monitor assay is a sandwich immunoenzymatic assay. The Access OV Monitor assay consists of the reagent pack and calibrators. Other items needed to run the assay include substrate and wash buffer. The Access OV Monitor assay reagent pack, Access OV Monitor assay calibrators, along with the UniCel DxI Wash Buffer II are designed for use with the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer in a clinical laboratory setting.

# Intended Use

The Access OV Monitor assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of CA 125 antigen levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is indicated for use in the measurement of CA 125 antigen to aid in the management of ovarian cancer patients. Serial testing for patient CA

125 antigen concentrations should be used in conjunction with other clinical methods used for monitoring ovarian cancer.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics to the Predicate (Assay)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemAttribute/Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Access OV Monitor assay(k023597) run on the AccessImmunoassay System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access OV Monitorassay run on the Dxl9000 AccessImmunoassayAnalyzer Instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access OV Monitor assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescent immunoassay forthe quantitative determination of CA125 antigen levels in human serumand plasma using the AccessImmunoassay Systems. This device isindicated for use in the measurementof CA 125 antigen to aid in themanagement of ovarian cancerpatients. Serial testing for patient CA125 antigen concentrations should beused in conjunction with other clinicalmethods used for monitoring ovariancancer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Measured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Working Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilizes a stored calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum/Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days after opening</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Packformulation andpackaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Reagent Pack formulation andpackaging.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One Configuration:100 determinations, 2 packs, 50tests/pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 5000 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 5,000 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 uL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 uL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Immunoassay system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dxl 9000 AccessImmunoassay Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lumi-Phos PROsubstrate</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP06-2nd Edition-: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
CLSI EP09c: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples– Third Edition

# Summary of Studies:

Method Comparison: A method comparison study was performed to compare the Access OV Monitor assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer to the predicate device. A total of one hundred fifty-two (152) samples falling within the measuring range of the Access OV Monitor assay were evaluated. The results of the within range method comparison study met the acceptance criteria of $\mathsf { R } ^ { 2 } \geq 0 . 9 0$ and slope $1 . 0 0 \pm 0 . 0 9$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationRange*(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 - 5001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 - 0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.38 - 0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

\*Range is Access 2 values

Imprecision: A study based on CLSI EP05-A3 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer tested multiple samples in triplicate in 2 runs per day for a minimum of 20 days. On the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer, the within-laboratory (total) $\%$ CV ranged from $2 . 6 \%$ to $6 . 1 \%$ , for OV Monitor concentrations $> 1 5 \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$ and the within-laboratory SD of 0.2 for a sample concentration $\leq 1 5 \cup / \mathrm { m L }$ was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concentration (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>524</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3632</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>273.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr></table>

Linearity: A verification study was performed to evaluate the linearity of the Access OV Monitor assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer based on CLSI EP06-Ed2. The Access

OV Monitor assay is linear on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer throughout the analytical measuring interval of approximately 2.0 – 5,000 U/mL.

Limit of Blank (LoB): The LoB for Access OV Monitor assay is $0 . 5 \ : \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer.

Limit of Detection (LoD): The LoD estimate for the Access OV Monitor assay is $0 . 7 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer.

Limit of Quantitation (LoQ): The maximum LoQ determined for the Access OV Monitor assay is $2 . 0 \ : \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ on DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer.

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison Conclusion

Beckman Coulter’s Access OV Monitor assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is substantially equivalent to OV Monitor assay on the Access Immunoassay System (K023597) as demonstrated through the information and data provided in this submission. The performance testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective in its intended use.