July 3, 2024

Beckman Coulter Inc   
Kate Oelberg   
Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs   
1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K240996 Trade/Device Name: Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5870 Regulation Name: Thyroid Autoantibody Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JNL Dated: April 11, 2024 Received: April 11, 2024

Dear Kate Oelberg:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K240996

Device Name Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin antibody levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. The measurement of thyroid autoantibodies may aid in the diagnosis of Hashimoto's disease, nontoxic goiter, and Graves' disease.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510 (k) Summary This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: K240996

Date Prepared: July 2, 2024

Submitted By: Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Primary Contact:   
Kate Oelberg   
Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: (612) 431-7315   
Email: kmoelberg@beckman.com   
Alternate Contact:   
Kuljeet Kaur   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: (952) 368-7816   
Email: kkaur@beckman.com Device Name   
Proprietary/ Trade Name: Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II   
Common Name: Thyroid autoantibody immunological test system   
Classification Description: Thyroid autoantibody immunological test system. Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 866.5870   
Classification Product Code: JNL   
Predicate Device   
Device Name: Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II   
510(k) Numbers: K213517

# Device Description

The Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin antibody levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. The measurement of thyroid autoantibodies may aid in the diagnosis of Hashimoto's disease, nontoxic goiter, and Graves' disease.

The Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II assay is a sequential two-step immunoenzymatic (“sandwich”) assay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel with paramagnetic particles coated with the thyroglobulin protein. The TgAb in the sample binds to the thyroglobulin coated on the particles. After incubation, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. The thyroglobulin-alkaline phosphatase conjugate is added and binds to the TgAb.

After second incubation, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate is added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production is directly proportional to the concentration of analyte in the sample. Analyte concentration is automatically determined from a stored calibration.

# Intended Use

The Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II (TgAb) assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin antibody levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. The measurement of thyroid autoantibodies may aid in the diagnosis of Hashimoto's disease, nontoxic goiter, and Graves' disease.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics to the Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAccess Thyroglobulin Antibody II(k213517)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceAccess Thyroglobulin Antibody II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Access Thyroglobulin AntibodyII assay is a paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescent immunoassay forthe quantitative determination ofthyroglobulin antibody levels inhuman serum and plasma using theAccess ImmunoassaySystems. The measurement ofthyroid autoantibodies may aid inthe diagnosis of Hashimoto'sdisease, nontoxic goiter,and Graves' disease.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyteMeasured</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroglobulin Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum or plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 -2,500 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blockerreagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotin and alkaline phosphataseincluded in reagent pack as blockers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BiotinInterference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant interference (± 10%)observed in samples containing upto 3,510 ng/mL of biotin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imprecision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD ≤ 1.5 for values &lt; 15 IU/mLCV ≤ 10.0% for values ≥ 15 IU/mLand &lt; 1000 IU/mLCV ≤ 15.0% for values ≥ 1000 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access Immunoassay system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dxl 9000 Access ImmunoassayAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access Substrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lumi-Phos Pro Substrate</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP06- $\cdot 2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Edition-: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition   
CLSI EP09c $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Third Edition

# Summary of Studies

Method Comparison: A study based on CLSI EP09c, 3rd Edition using Passing-Bablok regression and Pearson’s correlation compared the Access 2 Immunoassay System and the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationRange*(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficientR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 - 2,463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95 - 0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.99 -0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

\*Range is Access 2 values

Imprecision: The assay was designed to have within-laboratory imprecision as listed below:   
$\bullet \leq 1 . 5 \ : | \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$ SD at concentrations $< 1 5 1 \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$   
• $\leq 1 0 . 0 \%$ CV at concentrations $\ge 1 5 \mathsf { I U } / \mathsf { m L }$ and $< 1 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { \ : | U / m L }$   
• $\leq 1 5 . 0 \%$ CV at concentrations $\geq 1 , 0 0 0 \ | \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$

A study based on CLSI EP05-A312 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer tested multiple samples in duplicate in 2 runs per day for a minimum of 20 days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concentration (IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr></table>

# Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1493</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility: A study based on CLSI EP05-A312 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer tested multiple samples in replicates of 5 per day for a minimum of 5 days on 3 instruments.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concentration (IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between -instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>744</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr></table>

Linearity: A study based on CLSI EP06-Ed2 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer determined the assay demonstrated linearity across the measuring interval.

# Detection Capability:

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) studies were conducted on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer following CLSI EP17-A2.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)≤ 20% within-lab CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison Conclusion

Beckman Coulter’s Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the Access Thyroglobulin Antibody II assay on the Access 2 Immunoassay System as demonstrated through the information and data provided in this submission. The performance testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective in its intended use.