June 28, 2024

Beckman Coulter, Inc. Muhammad Sheikh Staff Regulatory Affairs Beckman Coulter Inc 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K240927 Trade/Device Name: Access Thyroglobulin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-Associated Antigen Immunological Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MSW Dated: April 4, 2024 Received: April 4, 2024

Dear Muhammad Sheikh:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K240927

Device Name Access Thyroglobulin

Indications for Use (Describe)

Access Thyroglobulin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is intended to aid in monitoring for the presence of persistent or recurrent/metastatic disease in patients who have differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC) and have had thyroid surgery (with or without ablative therapy), and who lack serum thyroglobulin antibodies.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) assigned number: K240927

# Submitter Name and Address:

Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Primary Contact:   
Muhammad Sheikh, Staff Regulatory Affairs   
1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, MN 55318   
Phone: $+ 1$ (201) 335-0632   
Email:msheikh@beckman.com   
Alternate Contact:   
Kate Oelberg, Senior Staff Quality and Regulatory Affairs   
1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, MN 55318   
Office Phone: (612) 431-7315   
Email:kmoelberg@beckman.com

Date Prepared: June 20, 2024

Device Name:   
Proprietary / Trade Name: Access Thyroglobulin   
Common Name: Thyroglobulin Chemiluminescence Immunoassay Classification   
Description: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 866.6010   
Classification Product Code: MSW

# Predicate Device:

The modified Access Thyroglobulin assay claims substantial equivalence to previously cleared Access Thyroglobulin assay, FDA 510(k) Number K220972, cleared September 15, 2023.

# Device Description:

The Access Thyroglobulin assay consists of the reagent pack and calibrators. Other items needed to run the assay include the Access Thyroglobulin Sample Diluent, substrate and wash buffer. The Access Tg assay along with the Access wash buffer and substrate are designed for use with the Access Immunoassay Systems in a clinical laboratory setting.

Lumi-Phos PRO substrate was used with this pack. The modification does not affect the indications of the device or alter the fundamental scientific technology of the device.

A description of the reagent pack is provided below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Well</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ingredients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1a:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dynabeads* paramagnetic particles coated with streptavidinand coupled to biotinylated mouse monoclonalantithyroglobulin antibodies, suspended in a TRIS buffer withprotein (bovine), &lt; 0.1% sodium azide, and 0.1% ProClin**300.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1b:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal anti-thyroglobulin-alkaline phosphatase(bovine) conjugate in a TRIS buffer with protein (bovine,murine), &lt; 0.1% sodium azide, and 0.1% ProClin 300.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1c:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEPES buffer with protein (bovine and mouse), &lt; 0.1% sodiumazide, and 0.5% ProClin 300.</td></tr></table>

\*Dynabead® is a registered trademark of Dynal A.S., Oslo, Norway \*\*ProClin™ is a trademark of The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) or an affiliate company of Dow.

# Intended Use:

Access Thyroglobulin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is intended to aid in monitoring for the presence of persistent or recurrent/metastatic disease in patients who have differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC) and have had thyroid surgery (with or without ablative therapy), and who lack serum thyroglobulin antibodies.

# Comparison to the Predicate:

The modified device and previously cleared predicate device are compared below.

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate Device Access Thyroglobulin ( K241423)</td><td>Modified Device Access Thyroglobulin</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Access Thyroglobulin assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of thyroglobulin levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This device is intended to aid in monitoring for the presence of persistent or recurrent/metastatic disease in patients who have differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC) and have had thyroid surgery (with or without ablative therapy), and who lack serum thyroglobulin antibodies.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Analyte Measured</td><td>Thyroglobulin</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Technology</td><td>Sandwich immunoassay</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Format</td><td>Chemiluminescent</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Method</td><td>Automated</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Assay architecture</td><td>Biotinylated mouse monoclonal antithyroglobulin antibodies pre- coupled to paramagnetic particles coated with streptavidin</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Antibodies</td><td>Mouse monoclonal antibodies</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Biotin Interference</td><td>No significant interference (± 10%) observed in samples containing up to 3,510 ng/mL of biotin.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Measuring Range</td><td>0.1 - 500 ng/mL</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>Human serum or plasma</td><td>same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Volume</td><td>40 μL</td><td>45 μL</td></tr><tr><td>Substrate</td><td>Access Substrate</td><td>Lumi-Phos PRO substrate</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>Access 2 Immunoassay Analyzer</td><td>Dxl 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline – Third Edition   
CLSI EP06-2nd Edition-: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline

• CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition CLSI EP09c: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples– Third Edition

# Summary of Studies:

Method Comparison: A comparison of values using the Access Thyroglobulin assay on DxI 9000 Immunoassay Analyzer and Access 2 Immunoassay System gave the statistical data provided in the following table. The data was analyzed by Passing-Bablok regression and Pearson's correlation and followed the CLSI EP09c guideline. \*Values are from predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dxl 9000Instrument#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationRange*(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CIl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35 - 4.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(0.99 - 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0044(-0.029 -0.021)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr></table>

\*Range is Access 2 values.

Imprecision: The Access Thyroglobulin assay exhibits within laboratory (total) imprecision of $\mathsf { C V } \leq 1 0 . 0 \%$ at concentrations $> 1 . 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and standard deviation $( \mathsf { S D } ) \leq 0 . 1 \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m L }$ at concentrations $\leq 1 . 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

A study based on CLSI EP05-A3 performed on a DxI 9000 Immunoassay Analyzer tested multiple samples in duplicate in 2 runs per day for 20 days. The representative imprecision data is provided in the following table.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility: A reproducibility study based on CLSI EP05-A316 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer tested multiple samples in replicates of 5 per day for a minimum of 5 days on 3 instruments.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between -instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr></table>

Linearity: A study based on CLSI EP06-Ed215 performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer determined the assay demonstrated linearity across the measuring interval.

Detection Capability: Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) studies were conducted on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer following CLSI guideline EP17-A2. The LoB study included multiple reagent lots and 2 instruments over a minimum of 3 days. The LoD and LoQ studies included multiple reagent lots and a minimum of 5 days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dxl 9000 ImmunoassayAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitoff Detection (LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation(LoQ)≤20%within-labCV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The modified device has the same intended use and fundamental scientific technology as the predicate device. The modified device is as safe and effective as the predicate device, as demonstrated through verification testing.

The information provided in this submission demonstrates that the modified device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.