April 23, 2025

Hycor Biomedical   
Aashrey Kaul   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
7272 Chapman Avenue   
Garden Grove, California 92841

Re: K242531

Trade/Device Name: NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay Capture Reagent G010, Johnson Grass (Sorghum halepense); Capture Reagent T007, Oak (Quercus alba); Capture Reagent G002, Bermuda Grass (Cynodon dactylon); Capture Reagent W001, Common Ragweed (Ambrosia artemisiifolia); Capture Reagent E005, Dog Dander (Canis familiaris); Capture Reagent T003, Common Silver Birch (Betula verrucosa); Capture Reagent F001, Egg White (Gallus gallus); Capture Reagent F002, Cow's Milk (Bos taurus)   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5750   
Regulation Name: Radioallergosorbent (RAST) Immunological Test System   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: DHB   
Dated: March 21, 2025   
Received: March 24, 2025

Dear Aashrey Kaul:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K242531

# Device Name

NOVEOS Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay   
Capture Reagent G010, Johnson Grass (Sorghum halepense);   
Capture Reagent T007, Oak (Quercus alba);   
Capture Reagent G002, Bermuda Grass (Cynodon dactylon);   
Capture Reagent W001, Common Ragweed (Ambrosia artemisiifolia); Capture Reagent E005, Dog Dander (Canis familiaris);   
Capture Reagent T003, Common Silver Birch (Betula verrucosa); Capture Reagent F001, Egg White (Gallus gallus);   
Capture Reagent F002, Cow's Milk (Bos taurus)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum. NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is to be used with the NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer. It is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# NOVEOS Specific IgE

This 510(k) summary is prepared in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date of Preparation:

$2 1 ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ April 2025

# Manufacturer:

Hycor Biomedical, LLC 7272 Chapman Avenue Garden Grove, CA 92841

# Contact Person:

Aashrey Kaul   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
7272 Chapman Ave   
Garden Grove, CA 92841   
(714) 933‐3067   
akaul@hycorbiomedical.com

# Device Name:

NOVEOS™ Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay Capture Reagent G010, Johnson Grass (Sorghum halepense);   
Capture Reagent T007, Oak (Quercus alba);   
Capture Reagent G002, Bermuda Grass (Cynodon dactylon);   
Capture Reagent W001, Common Ragweed (Ambrosia artemisiifolia);   
Capture Reagent E005, Dog Dander (Canis familiaris);   
Capture Reagent T003, Common Silver Birch (Betula verrucosa);   
Capture Reagent F001, Egg White (Gallus gallus);   
Capture Reagent F002, Cow's Milk (Bos taurus);

# Classification

NOVEOS™ Specific IgE (sIgE) Assay   
Product Code: DHB   
Class: II   
CFR § 866.5750

Substantial Equivalence to: K051218

ImmunoCAP Specific IgE Assay ImmunoCAP Allergens g10, t7, g2, w1, e5, t3, f1, and f2.

# Indications for Use/ Intended Use

The NOVEOS™ Specific IgE Assay is an in vitro quantitative assay for the measurement of allergen specific IgE in human serum. NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is to be used with the NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer. It is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic aid in the clinical diagnosis of IgE mediated allergic disorders in conjunction with other clinical findings and is to be used in clinical laboratories.

# General Description

# Reagents

The IgE Common reagents includes: Diluent A, Conjugate IgE, Substrate A, Substrate B, Fluo Beads™. Other required and recommended reagents include the allergen specific Capture Reagent, IgE Calibrator Set (6 levels (kU/L) ‐ Cal 0.07 IgE, Cal 0.35 IgE, Cal 0.70 IgE, Cal 3.5 IgE, Cal 17.5 IgE, Cal 100 IgE), Calibrator Antibody IgE, Probe Wash Pack, Wash Buffer Concentrate, Cuvette Wash Pack, IgE Negative Control Pack, and IgE Positive Control Pack.

# Assay Principle

The NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay is an immunometric, chemiluminescent procedure for the quantitative determination of IgE of known specificity in human serum samples. It employs fluorescent labelled magnetic, streptavidin coated microparticles which are incubated with a biotinylated allergenic capture reagent, patient sample and monoclonal anti‐human IgE antibody: horseradish peroxidase conjugate. If present in the sample, IgE binds to the biotinylated allergen captured to the streptavidin‐coated microparticles to form a complex. After a final wash, the resulting complex is incubated with the enzyme substrate and a chemiluminescent signal is generated, the magnitude of which is proportional to the concentration of IgE in the patient sample.

The concentration of allergen‐specific IgE is determined from a standard curve, which is traceable to the World Health Organization (WHO) reference reagent serum Immunoglobulin E (IgE) 11/234.

# Device Comparison

NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay on the NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer is comparable to ImmunoCAP Specific IgE on the Phadia 100 or 250 Analyzer. Both are automated immunoassay systems that process all assay steps and automatically generate results. See the table on the next page.

Page 3 of 24   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General DeviceCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoCAP Specific IgE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The NOVEOS Specific IgE Assayis an in vitro quantitative assayfor the measurement ofallergen specific IgE in humanserum. NOVEOS Specific IgEAssay is to be used with theNOVEOS ImmunoassayAnalyzer. It is intended for useas an in vitro diagnostic aid inthe clinical diagnosis of IgEmediated allergic disorders inconjunction with other clinicalfindings and is to be used inclinical laboratories.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoCAP Specific IgE isan in vitro quantitativeassay for the measurementof allergen specific IgE inhuman serum or plasma(EDTA or Na-Heparin).ImmunoCAP Specific IgE isto be used with instrumentsPhadia 100, Phadia 250,Phadia 1000, Phadia 2500and Phadia 5000. It isintended for in vitrodiagnostic use as an aid inthe clinical diagnosis of IgEmediated allergic disordersin conjunction with otherclinical findings, and is to beused in clinical laboratories.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma (EDTA, NaHeparin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionAntibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horseradish peroxidaseconjugated mouse anti-humanIgE monoclonal antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Galactosidase-anti-humanIgE (mouse monoclonalantibody)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G010, Johnson Grass:LoB: 0.03 kU/LLoD: 0.06 kU/LLoQ: 0.10 kU/LT007, Oak:LoB: 0.04 kU/LLoD: 0.05 kU/LLoQ: 0.10 kU/LG002, Bermuda Grass:LoB: 0.03 kU/LLoD: 0.05 kU/LLoQ: 0.010 kU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB: 0.001 kU/LLoD: 0.02 kU/LLoQ: 0.10 kU/L</td></tr></table>

Page 4 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">w001, Common Ragweed:LoB: 0.03 kU/LLoD: 0.05 kU/LLoQ: 0.10 kU/LE005, Dog Dander:LoB: 0.03 kU/LLoD: 0.06 kU/LLoQ: 0.16kU/LT003, Common Silver Birch:LoB: 0.04 kU/LLoD: 0.08 kU/LLoQ: 0.10 kU/LF001, Egg White:LoB: 0.02 kU/LLoD: 0.04 kU/LLoQ: 0.14 kU/LF002, Cow's Milk:LoB: 0.03 kU/LLoD: 0.05 kU/LLoQ: 0.10 kU/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratorySetting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence adjusted,immunometric,chemiluminescent assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoroenzyme-immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid Phase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic microparticles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cellulose derivative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorTraceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">World Health Organization(WHO) reference reagent serumImmunoglobulin E (IgE) 11/234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heterologous interpolationbased on Total IgE calibrationcurve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StoredCalibration Curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, up to 28 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofCalibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Six</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 0.35, 0.7, 3.5, 17.5 and 100kU/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Assay Range</td><td>G010, Johnson Grass: 0.10 - 100 kU/L T007, Oak:</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>0.10 - 100 kU/L G002, Bermuda Grass:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>0.10- 100 kU/L w001, Common Ragweed:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>0.10 - 100 kU/L E005, Dog Dander:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>0.16 - 100 Ku/L T003, Common Silver Birch: 0.10 - 100 kU/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Reaction</td><td>F001, Egg White:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>0.14 - 100 kU/L F002, Cow's Milk:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>0.10 - 100 kU/L 37</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Temperature Instrument(s)</td><td>NOVEOS Immunoassay</td><td>Phadia 100, Phadia</td></tr><tr><td>Time to First Result</td><td>Analyzer 1 hour 45 minutes</td><td>250/1000/2500/5000 1 hour 45 minutes to 2 hour 30 minutes depending on model</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance

In addition to the ImmunoCAP comparison study, a clinical study that compares NOVEOS slgE allergen results to the allergic status of 102 to 228 patients was performed to support the diagnostic performance of the NOVEOS sIgE allergens G010 (Johnson Grass), T007 (Oak), G002 (Bermuda Grass), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), T003 (Common Silver Birch), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk). A total of 32 to 88 samples with allergic status (atopic) was confirmed by skin‐prick testing or oral food challenge, and the other 53 to 146 samples were deemed negative (non‐atopic) by ImmunoCAP testing (result $< 0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L } )$ . Results are expressed as positive when a sample has an sIgE value greater than or equal to 0.35 kU/L, and negative when a sample has an sIgE value is less than $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ .

Clinical sensitivity and specificity for each allergen under evaluation are summarized in the following table:   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">NOVEOS sIgE Allergens</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Clinical Diagnosis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atopic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Atopic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">G010,Johnson Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">155</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">218</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 72.9% (62/85) 95% Cl 62.7% to 81.2%Clinical specificity: 99.2% (132/133) 95% Cl 95.9% to 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">T007,Oak</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 71.7% (38/53) 95% Cl 58.4% to 82.0%Clinical specificity: 97.8% (91/93) 95% Cl 92.5% to 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">G002,Bermuda Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">157</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">228</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 76.1% (67/88) 95% Cl 66.3% to 83.8%Clinical specificity: 97.1% (136/140) 95% Cl 92.9% to 98.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">W001,CommonRagweed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">165</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 62.0% (44/71) 95% Cl 50.3% to 72.4%Clinical specificity: 93.6% (88/94) 95% Cl 86.8% to 97.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">E005,Dog Dander</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 71.9% (23/32) 95% Cl 54.6% to 84.4%Clinical specificity: 100.0% (77/77) 95% Cl 95.2% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">T003,Common SilverBirch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 55.1% (27/49) 95% Cl 41.3% to 68.1%Clinical specificity: 100.0% (53/53) 95% Cl 93.2% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">F001,Egg White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">163</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 52.8% (19/36) 95% Cl 37.0% to 68.0%Clinical specificity: 100.0% (146/146) 95% Cl 97.4% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">F002,Cow's Milk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">166</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Clinical sensitivity: 50.0% (17/34) 95% Cl 34.1% to 65.9%Clinical specificity: 100.0% (132/132) 95% Cl 97.2% to 100.0%</td></tr></table>

The following literature was published to support the observed low performance, especially sensitivity, from the NOVEOS sIgE Assay, T003, F001, and F002:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Literature Citation(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportedPerformance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>T003, Oak Sensitivity:55.1%Specificity: 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Knight, V., et al., (2018). Journal ofImmunological Methods, 462, 9-12.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53% (95 CI: 29% to 76%) -concordance of SPT vs. SIgE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salo, P. M., et al. (2014). The Journal ofAllergy and Clinical Immunology, 134(2),350-359.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~12% in subjects ≥6 yearsold in US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>F001, Egg WhiteSensitivity: 52.8%Specificity: 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nacaroglu HT, et al. (2017) AllergolImmunopathol (Madr).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity: 41.3%Specificity: 86.67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salo, P. M., et al., (2014). The Journal ofAllergy and Clinical Immunology, 134(2),350-359.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5% in subjects ≥6years old in US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min, T. K., et al. (2013). Allergy, Asthma &amp;Immunology Research, 5(3), 138-142.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported (study done insubjects &lt;2 years old inKorea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity: 60.0%Specificity: 62.5% (with 2kUA/L as cut-off)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>F002, Cow&#x27;s MilkSensitivity: 50.0%Specificity: 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sampson H. A. (2001). The Journal ofAllergy and Clinical Immunology, 107(5),891-896.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity: 51%PPV: 95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salo, P. M., et al., (2014). The Journal ofAllergy and Clinical Immunology, 134(2),350-359.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7% (in 8203 subjectsbetween 1 to &gt;60 years oldin US)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mehl, A., et al. (2012). Journal of theBritish Society for Allergy and ClinicalImmunology, 42(8), 1266-1272.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;Iow&quot; between slgE vs SPTon an individual basis</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison to ImmunoCAP

Method comparison studies to evaluate the performance of the NOVEOS sIgE allergens to ImmunoCAP were completed using 175 to 268 patient samples. Results for NOVEOS sIgE and ImmunoCAP allergens are expressed as positive when a sample has a value greater than or equal to $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ , and negative when a sample has an sIgE value is less than $0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L }$ . Percent positive and negative agreement for each allergen under evaluation are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">NOVEOS sIgE Allergens</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">ImmunoCAP sIgE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">G010,Johnson Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">152</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">253</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 84.7% (100/118) 95% Cl: 77.2% to 90.1%Negative Agreement: 99.3% (134/135) 95% Cl: 95.9% to 99.9%Total Agreement: 92.5% (234/253) 95% Cl: 88.6% to 95.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">T007,Oak</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">260</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 83.8% (124/148) 95% Cl: 77.0% to 88.9%Negative Agreement: 94.6% (106/112) 95% Cl: 88.8% to 97.5%Total Agreement: 88.5% (230/260) 95% Cl: 84.0% to 91.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">G002,Bermuda Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">161</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 89.4% (93/104) 95% Cl: 82.0% to 94.0%Negative Agreement: 96.8% (150/155) 95% Cl: 92.7% to 98.6%Total Agreement: 93.8% (243/259) 95% Cl: 90.2% to 96.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">W001,CommonRagweed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">236</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 72.8% (99/136) 95% Cl: 64.8% to 79.6%Negative Agreement: 95.0% (95/100) 95% Cl: 88.8% to 97.8%Total Agreement: 82.2% (194/236) 95% Cl: 76.8% to 86.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">NOVEOS sIgE Allergens</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">ImmunoCAP slgE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">E005,Dog Dander</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 91.7% (88/96) 95% Cl 84.4% to 95.7%Negative Agreement: 96.7% (88/91) 95% Cl 90.8% to 98.9%Total Agreement: 94.1% (176/187) 95% Cl: 89.8% to 96.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">T003,Common SilverBirch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 96.0% (95/99) 95% Cl: 90.1% to 98.4%Negative Agreement: 96.1% (73/76) 95% Cl: 89.0% to 98.6%Total Agreement: 96.0% (168/175) 95% Cl: 92% to 98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">F001,Egg White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">186</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">263</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 89.6% (69/77) 95% Cl: 80.8% to 94.6%Negative Agreement: 96.2% (179/186) 95% Cl: 92.4% to 98.2%Total Agreement: 94.3% (248/263) 95% Cl: 90.8% to 96.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">F002,Cow's Milk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">206</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement: 64.5% (60/93) 95% Cl: 54.5% to 73.5%Negative Agreement: 98.9% (173/175) 95% Cl: 95.9% to 99.7%Total Agreement: 86.9 % (233/268) 95% Cl: 82.4% to 90.5%</td></tr></table>

# Precision/Reproducibility

Repeatability and within‐laboratory precision of NOVEOS sIgE allergens were determined in accordance with CLSI guideline EP05‐A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures – $3 ^ { r d }$ Edition and CLSI guideline EP15‐A3: User Verification of Precision and Estimation of Bias – $3 ^ { r d }$ Edition. A panel of four to five samples (two negative and two to three positive patient samples) was assayed in duplicate for two runs per day, over at least 20 days, on one NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer for a total of at least 80 replicates per sample. One lot of NOVEOS sIgE allergens were used for testing of each sample. The SD and $\%$ CV of the within‐ run, between‐run, between‐day, and total imprecision were calculated for each sample and results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Improving Lives</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>NOVEOS G010, Johnson Grass</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>S  / /y     yat Day 22</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>NOVEOS T007, Oak</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>S  / /y    yat Day 22</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>NOVEOS G002, Bermuda Grass</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.8%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>NOVEOS W001, Common Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>S  wi/ ay y i y  </td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>NOVEOS E005, Dog Dander</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>S  w one wh i/ru /ay  ay wit ny r t ay 2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>NOVEOS T003,, Common Silver Birch</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Sewe w / /ay  iy   </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>NOVEOS F001, Egg White</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>S wa oe i  ete/u  /ay ay w exclusi e es n ay an run at Day 22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>NOVEOS F002 (Cow&#x27;s Milk)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>* Sample 5 was done with 2 replicates/run x 2 runs/day x 22 days with 1 run at Day 22</td></tr></table>

# Lot‐to‐lot imprecision

Lot‐to‐lot imprecision was evaluated using a panel of four serum samples tested with two to three different lots of each NOVEOS sIgE allergen. For NOVEOS sIgE allergens G002 (Bermuda Grass), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk), the samples were tested in duplicate for two runs per day, over 20 days, for a total of 240 replicates per sample. For NOVEOS sIgE allergens T007 (Oak), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), and T003 (Common Silver Birch), the samples were tested in replicates of five for one run per day, over at least 5 days, for a total of at least 50 replicates per sample. For NOVEOS sIgE allergen G010 (Johnson Grass), the samples were tested in duplicate for two runs per day, over 5 days, for a total of 60 replicates per sample. The results are summarized in the following table:

Page 12 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean(kU/L)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="11" rowspan="1">NOVEOS G010, Johnson Grass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="11" rowspan="1">NOVEOS T007, Oak</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="10" rowspan="1">NOVEOS G002, Bermuda Grass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">NOVEOS W001, Common Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="10" rowspan="1">NOVEOS E005, Dog Dander</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">NOVEOS T003,</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">NOVEOS TO03, Common Silver Birch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="10" rowspan="1">NOVEOS F001, Egg White</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="11" rowspan="1">NOVEOS F002, Cow's Milk</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7%</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

Linearity of NOVEOS sIgE allergens was evaluated in accordance with CLSI guideline I/LA20‐3rd Edition, Analytical Performance Characteristics, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Utility of Immunological Assays for Human Immunoglobulin E Antibodies of Defined Allergen Specificities. Three sets of linearity dilution panels consisting of three neat positive human serum samples (low, mid, and high) were used for testing. One negative sample below the assay detection limit was used as the diluent. Each sample was serially diluted in a two‐fold scheme $( 1 / 2 , 1 / 4 , 1 / 8 ,$ 1/16, and 1/32) to create the full dilution panel. Testing was performed using one lot of each NOVEOS sIgE allergen. The linear regression statistics calculated using the weighted least squares with intercept analysis per CLSI guideline EP06‐ $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Edition, Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures, are shown in the following tables:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, G010, Johnson Grass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R²2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 - 3.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.92 to 1.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.00 (-0.03 to 0.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94 - 56.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91 (0.85 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23 (-0.00 to 0.46)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16 - 111.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90 (0.81 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.10 (-0.67 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 - 111.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95 (0.92 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 (-0.01 to 0.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, T007, Oak</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Series</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R²</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 - 1.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 (0.86 to 1.13)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01 (-0.02 to -0.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.987</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.63 - 42.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.95 (0.91 to 0.99)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.07 (-0.13 to 0.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.41 - 113.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86 (0.80 to 0.91)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.19 (-0.48 to 0.10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.997</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 - 113.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.90 (0.86 to 0.94)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01 (-0.01 to -0.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.991</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, G002, Bermuda Grass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Series</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope (95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R²2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 - 2.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96 (0.89 to 1.03)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.03 (-0.04 to -0.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.996</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50 - 51.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96 (0.90 to 1.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.25 (-0.53 to 0.03)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.998</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.90 - 111.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 (0.92 to 1.07)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.70 (-1.28 to -0.12)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.997</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 - 111.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.93 (0.91 to 0.96)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.02 (-0.04 to -0.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.997</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, W001, Common Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09 - 1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 (0.92 to 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01 (-0.02 to 0.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74 - 49.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 (0.94 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01 (-0.02 to 0.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44 - 94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91 (0.85 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 (-0.10 to 0.22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09 - 94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95 (0.93 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 (-0.02 to 0.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, E005, Dog Dander</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16 - 3.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12 (1.00 to 1.24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.00 (-0.03 to 0.06)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37 - 19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 (0.97 to 1.14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 (-0.03 to 0.09)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47 - 102.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.97 to 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.15 (-0.22 to -0.08)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16 - 102.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 (1.01 to 1.11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 (0.01 to 0.05)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, T003, Common Silver Birch</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R²2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08 - 3.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.96 to 1.04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01 (-0.02 to -0.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67 - 42.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94 (0.87 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.06 (-0.26 to 0.13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30 - 92.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.89 to 1.10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.38 (-0.80 to 0.03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08 - 92.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93 (0.90 to 0.96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 (-0.02 to 0.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, F001, Egg White</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Series</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14 - 3.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05 (0.97 to 1.05)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.02 (-0.07 to 0.08)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92 - 33.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01 (0.99 to 1.02)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.18 (-0.41 to 0.04)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.40 - 105.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.011 (0.88 to 1.13)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.47 (-3.79 to 8.73)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.992</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14 - 105.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01 (0.98 to 1.05)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01 (-0.02 to 0.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.995</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">NOVEOS Specific IgE Assay, F002, Cow's Milk</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Series</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution Range(kU/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R²2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 - 1.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94 (0.85 to 1.02)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01 (-0.02 to 0.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.993</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.78 - 45.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08 (1.01 to 1.14)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01 (-0.32 to 0.12)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.997</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37 - 96.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.98 (0.95 to 1.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.26 (-0.42 to -0.11)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 - 96.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.98 (0.94 to 1.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01 (-0.02 to -0.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.995</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous Substance Interference

Interference testing by endogenous substances of NOVEOS sIgE allergens was carried out in accordance with CLSI guideline EP07, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry – Third Edition. The effect of the presence of elevated levels of human serum albumin, hemoglobin, triglyceride, conjugated bilirubin, and unconjugated bilirubin in serum samples was evaluated by testing three serum sample pools (one negative, one near the cut‐off, and one positive) spiked with varying levels of each interferent. To mimic the dilution effect caused by the spiked interferent, the same amount of respective solvent was spiked into each of the sample pools and tested as control samples.

For NOVEOS sIgE allergens G010 (Johnson Grass), G002 (Bermuda Grass), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk), the samples were tested in replicates of 12 in one assay run with three different allergen lots. For NOVEOS sIgE allergens T007 (Oak), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), and T003 (Common Silver Birch), the samples were tested in replicates of seven in one assay run with one lot of Capture Reagent.

The $\%$ recovery for each sample spiked with the potential interfering substance was calculated by comparing its result to that of the corresponding control sample. The substances listed in the table below show no significant interference at the indicated test concentrations for all allergens under evaluation.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnconjugatedBilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3002 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human SerumAlbumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 g/L</td></tr></table>

Interference testing with rheumatoid factor (RF) was previously performed for NOVEOS sIgE allergens and found no significant interference at $5 1 3 \ \mathrm { | U / m L }$ . For RF interference testing, refer to cleared 510(k) submissions K200825.

# Exogenous Substance Interference

Interference testing with potentially interfering exogenous substances biotin, diphenhydramine, methylprednisolone, ranitidine, and omalizumab was previously performed for NOVEOS sIgE allergens and found no significant interference at the concentrations listed in the table below. Refer to previously cleared 510(k) submission K200825.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylprednisolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omalizumab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 mg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Cross‐Reactivity

Cross‐reactivity testing with other human immunoglobulins $( | \mathtt { g A } , | \mathtt { g D } , | \mathtt { g G } _ { \cdot }$ , and IgM) was previously performed for NOVEOS sIgE allergens that utilize the same universal anti‐IgE conjugate reagent as those currently under evaluation and found no significant interference at physiological concentrations of IgA, IgG, IgM ( $1 4 . 8 6 ~ \mathrm { { m g / m L } ) }$ , and IgG $0 . 1 7 3 \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ . Refer to previously cleared 510(k) submission K200825.

# Competitive Inhibition (Analytical Specificity)

Immunological specificity of NOVEOS sIgE allergens was demonstrated through competitive inhibition in accordance with CLSI I/LA20‐ $\cdot 3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition, Analytical Performance Characteristics, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Utility of Immunological Assays for Human Immunoglobulin $E$ Antibodies of Defined Allergen Specificities.

For each NOVEOS sIgE allergen, a positive sample was tested with specific IgE concentrations shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE Allergen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(kU/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G010, Johnson Grass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T007, Oak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G002,Bermuda Grass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W001, Common Ragweed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E005, DogDander</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T003, CommonSilver Birch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F001,EggWhite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F002,, Cow&#x27;s Milk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.51</td></tr></table>

The allergen solution (inhibitor) was diluted 1:1 into the positive sample and subsequently serially diluted five times in two‐fold increments. Each diluted sample was evaluated for dose‐ dependent inhibition in replicates of four using three lots of NOVEOS sIgE allergens G010 (Johnson Grass), G002 (Bermuda Grass), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk), and one lot of NOVEOS sIgE allergens T007 (Oak), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), and T003 (Common Silver Birch).

Related and unrelated allergen inhibitors were tested for each NOVEOS sIgE allergen in a single‐ dose competitive inhibition study. The related and unrelated allergen inhibitors were tested at a concentration at least 10 times the final concentration that achieved $50 \%$ inhibition for the allergen under evaluation. The related and unrelated allergens used for each NOVEOS sIgE allergen are shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NOVEOS sIgE Allergen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Related Inhibitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unrelated Inhibitors</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G010, Johnson Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G006, Timothy Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  E085, Chicken Feathers•  F203, Pistachio Nut•  T008, Elm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T007, Oak</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T006, Mountain Cedar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  E003, Horse Epithelia•  F004, Whole Wheat•  M003, Aspergillusfumigatus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G002, Bermuda Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G202, Maize, Corn</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  F203, Pistachio Nut•  T008, Elm•  W001, Short Ragweed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W001, Common Ragweed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W014, Rough RedrootPigweed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  E003, Horse Epithelia•  F004, Whole Wheat•  T003, White Birch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E005, Dog Dander</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E003, Horse Epithelia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  M003, Aspergillusfumigatus•   T006, Mountain Cedar•  W006, Mugwort</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T003, Common Silver Birch T083, Mango Blossom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T003, Common Silver Birch T083, Mango Blossom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  E003, Horse Epithelia•  F202, Cashew Nut•  W006, Common Mugwort•  W012, Goldenrod•  W017, Firebush</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F001, Egg White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F002, Cow's Milk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  G010, Johnson Grass•  M006, Alternaria alternata•  W006, Common Mugwort</td></tr><tr><td>F002, Cow's Milk</td><td>F001, Egg White</td><td>• E085, Chicken Feathers G002, Bermuda Grass • T008, Elm</td></tr></table>

Inhibitor concentrations used for testing of the NOVEOS sIgE allergens are shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NOVEOS sIgE Allergen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Dose-Dependent Inhibition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Single-Dose Inhibition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest TestedInhibitor Conc.(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Conc. at&gt;50%Inhibition(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Conc. ofRelatedInhibitor(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Conc. ofUnrelatedInhibitors(μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G010, Johnson Grass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1480</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T007, Oak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G002, Bermuda Grass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2855</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2855</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W001, Common Ragweed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E005, Dog Dander</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T003, Common Silver Birch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F001, Egg White</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F002, Cow&#x27;s Milk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td></tr></table>

Greater than $50 \%$ inhibition was achieved in the dose‐dependent inhibition studies and no inhibition was observed for the related and unrelated inhibitors for all NOVEOS sIgE allergens. The inhibition studies indicate that the NOVEOS sIgE allergens contain their respective immunologically relevant allergens.

# Detection Limit

Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) of NOVEOS sIgE allergens were estimated in accordance with CLSI guideline EP17‐A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

# Limit of Blank

For G010, Johnson Grass; G002, Bermuda Grass; F001, Egg White; F002, Cow’s Milk, the study was done by using three lots of capture reagent on three NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzers. Five analyte‐ free human serum samples were tested in replicates of two per run, over six runs, with no more than one run per instrument per day, for a total of 60 replicates per lot.

For T007, Oak; W001, Common Ragweed; E005, Dog Dander; T003, Common Silver Birch, the study was done using two lots of capture reagent and one NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzer. Four analyte‐ free human serum samples were tested in replicates of five per run, over three runs, with no more than one run per day, for a total of 60 replicates per lot.

The value at the $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile of the 60 measurements for each of the lots tested was estimated.

# Limit of Detection

LoD for each assay was determined by testing multiple human serum samples with low IgE concentrations using 2‐3 lots of capture reagents and on NOVEOS Immunoassay Analyzers.  The study protocol is summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOVEOSslgE Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofAnalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Protocol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 samples x 5 replicates/run x 3 runs = 75/Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 samples x 10 replicates/run x 6 runs = 240/Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 samples x 10 replicates/run x 6 runs = 240/Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 samples x 10 replicates/run x 6 runs = 300/Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 samples x 10 replicates/run x 6 runs = 300/Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 samples x 5 replicates/run x 3 runs = 75/Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 samples x 5 replicates/run x 3 runs = 60/Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 samples x 5 replicates/run x 3 runs = 60/Lot</td></tr></table>

The LoD was calculated for each lot using a non‐parametric analysis.

# Limit of Quantitation

LoQ was evaluated as a functional sensitivity‐based approach with no bias component to LoQ. Functional sensitivity for NOVEOS sIgE allergens G010 (Johnson Grass), T007 (Oak), G002 (Bermuda Grass), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), T003 (Common Silver Birch), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk), was determined using a set of at least four samples with low IgE concentrations and two lots of NOVEOS sIgE allergen. The samples were tested with replicates of three, over at least three testing days resulting in a total of at least 36 replicates. Data analysis was performed according to the precision profile method using within‐ lab precision results. The LoQ is defined as the mean value of the lowest sample which fulfills the specification for the total within‐laboratory imprecision $( < 2 0 \% \mathrm { C V } )$ .

The claimed LoB, LoD, and LoQ are based on the highest value obtained from the lots tested and are summarized in the table below:

Page 19 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NOVEOS sIgE Allergen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoB (kU/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD (kU/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoQ (kU/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G010, Johnson Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T007, Oak</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G002,, Bermuda Grass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W001,, Common Ragweed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E005,,DogDander</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T003, Common Silver Birch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F001, Egg White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F002,,Cow's Milk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td></tr></table>

# Reference Range

The expected value is negative $( < 0 . 3 5 \mathsf { k U } / \mathsf { L } )$ for a specific allergen in a non‐atopic person. Each laboratory should establish its own expected value.

The expected value/reference range of NOVEOS sIgE assays for G010 (Johnson Grass), T007 (Oak), G002 (Bermuda Grass), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), T003 (Common Silver Birch), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk) in a normal population was verified in accordance with CLSI EP28‐A3c, Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory – $3 ^ { r d }$ Edition. The $9 5 \%$ reference range was calculated by ordering the dose recoveries from 121 to 137 non‐atopic samples in ascending order of concentration and identifying the dose recovery that fell at the 95th percentile rank. The $9 5 \%$ reference range for each allergen under evaluation was below the established NOVEOS sIgE cutoff of 0.35 kU/L.

# Stability

# Shelf‐Life Stability

Both an ongoing real‐time stability study and an accelerated stability study were performed for NOVEOS sIgE assays for G010 (Johnson Grass), T007 (Oak), G002 (Bermuda Grass), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), T003 (Common Silver Birch), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk) in accordance with CLSI EP25‐A2 Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents – First Edition. The accelerated stability study and ongoing real‐time stability study were performed with two positive and one negative sample using three lots of NOVEOS Allergen (Capture Reagent).

The accelerated stability data supports the manufacturer’s claim of up to 36‐month unopened shelf‐life stability for the capture reagents listed in the table below. Stability of common assay reagents (reagents except the Capture Reagent) has been established previously in prior submission K182479.

Page 20 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-life Stability (2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent G010*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent T007*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent G002*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent W001*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent E005*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent T003*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent F001*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent F002*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diluent A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Common Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate IgE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate A and SubstrateB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluo Beads™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">IgE Calibrator Set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Calibrator Antibody IgE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Others</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probe Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wash Buffer Concentrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cuvette Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Negative Control Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Positive Control Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">*Based on accelerated stability data</td></tr></table>

Real‐time stability studies of the NOVEOS sIgE allergens are on‐going to further support the manufacturer’s claim of up to 36‐months unopened shelf‐life stability when stored at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ per the manufacturer’s instructions for use.

# On‐Board Stability (OBS)

Real‐time OBS stability studies using three lots (per previous protocol) of NOVEOS sIgE allergens G010 (Johnson Grass), G002 (Bermuda Grass), F001 (Egg White), and F002 (Cow’s Milk), and one lot (per updated protocol) of NOVEOS sIgE allergens T007 (Oak), W001 (Common Ragweed), E005 (Dog Dander), and T003 (Common Silver Birch), support the on‐board stability claim of 15 days for capture reagents as summarized in the table below. The real‐time on‐board stability study was performed with at least 3 samples, including at least two positive samples and one negative or low‐level sample using one lot of NOVEOS Allergen (Capture Reagent) stored on‐board the instrument.  OBS of common assay reagents (reagents except the Capture Reagent) has been established previously in prior submission K182479.

Page 21 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board Stability (2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent G010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent T007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent G002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent W001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent E005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent T003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent F001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board Stability (2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent F002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">IgE Common Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diluent A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate IgE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate A and Substrate B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluo Beads™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">IgE Calibrator Set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Others</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probe Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wash Buffer Concentrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cuvette Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Negative Control Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Positive Control Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 hours</td></tr></table>

# Open‐Vial Stability (OVS)

Both an ongoing real‐time stability study and an accelerated stability study were performed for the NOVEOS sIgE allergens in accordance with CLSI EP25‐A Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents – First Edition. The accelerated stability data supports the manufacturer’s claim of up to 365‐day open‐vial shelf‐life stability for the individual assay components listed in the table below. OVS of common assay reagents (reagents except the Capture Reagent) has been established previously in prior submission K182479.

Page 22 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open-Vial Stability (2-8°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent G010*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent T007*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent G002*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent W001*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent E005*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent T003*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent F001*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specific IgE Capture Reagent F002*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">365 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Common Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diluent A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate IgE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate A and Substrate B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluo Beads™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">IgE Calibrator Set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Others</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probe Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wash Buffer Concentrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days (15 - 28C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cuvette Wash Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 days (2 - 28°C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Negative Control Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgE Positive Control Pack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">*Based on accelerated stability data</td></tr></table>

Real‐time stability studies of the NOVEOS sIgE allergens are on‐going to further support the manufacturer’s claim of up to 365‐day open‐vial shelf‐life stability when stored per the manufacturer’s instructions for use.

# Stored Calibration Curve

The stored calibration curve interval was established by testing the six NOVEOS IgE calibrators and serum samples against previously cleared representative allergens. The testing met the acceptance criteria and established the use of stored curve for up to 28 days.

# NOVEOS Software

Software testing up to version 1.1.0 was conducted, and documentation was provided per 2005 FDA Guidance‐ “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device is considered as a “Moderate” level of concern. Software standard – “IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015‐06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION Medical device software ‐ Software life cycle processes” and risk management standard ‐ “ISO 14971 Third Edition 2019‐12, Medical devices ‐ Application of risk management to medical devices” were also applied to the design.

# NOVEOS Cybersecurity

Patient safety, security, and privacy risks have been addressed in this submission including a Security Risk Assessment, Threat model, and Cybersecurity testing. This includes system necessary cybersecurity controls which address the general principles and security capabilities outlined in the 2023 FDA guidance “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions”. Additionally, in accordance with the FDA’s Policy, Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Refuse to Accept Policy for Cyber Devices and Related Systems Under Section 524B of the FD&C Act “, a plan to monitor, identify and address, in a reasonable time, post market vulnerabilities and exploits, and an SBOM is provided.

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling supports the finding of substantial equivalence for this device.

# Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.