# JUL 2 5 2005

Page 1 of __

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Device Manufacturer: Dade Behring Inc.   
Contact name: Robert Eusebio, Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Fax: 916-374-3144   
Date prepared: April 25, 2005   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels   
Trade Name: MicroScan® Synergies plus™ Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels   
Intended Use: To determine antimicrobial agent susceptibility   
510(k) Notification: New antimicrobial - Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole   
Predicate device: MicroScan® Synergies plus™ Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels and MicroScan® Dried Gram-Positive Panels

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan® Synergies plus" Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels, utilizing both the MicroScan® Rapid Fluorogenic Identification and Dried Overnight Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) technologies, are designed oruse in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibilityof colonies grown on solid mediaof rapidly growing aerobicand facultative anaerobic gram-positive staphylococi and enterococci.

The antiirobil sustibliy ests are iiatuzations  thebro dilutn suseptibiliy est thathave been diluted in water and dehydratedVarious antimicrobial agents are diluted in water, bufer, or minute connrations of broth, t cncntrations bridging the rangeoclinical interest.Panels are rehydratw Synergies plus™ Pos Broth, aterinoculation wit  standardize uspension of the ranism.Aer inc in the WalkAway® SI System, or equivalent, for 4.5 - 18 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is read by determining the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth.

The proposed MicroScan® Synergies plus" Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with a CLSI frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document Class ISpecial Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry andA, dated February 5, 2003.The Premarket Notiication (510[k]) presents data in sr of the MicroScan® Synergies plus" Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel with Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole.

The external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock Efficacy isolates and stock Challenge strains. The exteral evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed Synergies plus" GramPositive Panel by comparing its performance with a frozen Reference panel. Challenge strains were compared to Expected Results determined prior to the evaluation. The Synergies plus Gram-Positive Panel demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Essential Agreement of $59 8 \%$ for Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole when compared with the frozen Reference panel.

Instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated acceptable reproducibility and precision for Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole, with Turbidity inoculum preparation method and the WalkAway SI System or equivalent.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole.

# JUL 2 5 2005

Mr. Robert Eusebio   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Dade Behring   
1584 Enterprise Boulevard   
West Sacramento, CA 95691-9972

Re: k051350 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan® Synergies plus™ Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole $( 0 . 5 / 9 . 5 { - } 8 / 1 5 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ Y Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645, 866.1640 Regulation Name: Fully automated short-term incubation cycle antimicrobial susceptibility system. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, JWY, LRG, LTT Dated: May 19, 2005 Received: June 1, 2005

Dear Mr. Eusebio:

We have reviewed your Sectiqn 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to evi ha aveassifan ie osn  el and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device s classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of $I n$ Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

$$
\sqrt { a + e _ { 1 } a } \sqrt [ n ] { \sqrt [ n ] { \sqrt { g } } }
$$

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name: MicroScan® Synergies plus" Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels with Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole (0.5/9.5-8/152 μg/ml)

Indications For Use: The MicroScan® Synergies plus™" Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive staphylococci and enterococci.After inoculation, panels are incubated for 4.5 - 18 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } ,$ in a WalkAway® SI, or equivalent, and read by the MicroScan® Instrumentation. Additionally, the panels may be incubated in a non- $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ incubator and the AST portions can be read visually, according to the Package Insert.

This particular submission is for the addition of the antimicrobial agent Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole, at concentrations of $0 . 5 / 9 . 5$ to $8 / 1 5 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } .$ , to the test panel.

The gram-positive organisms which may be used for Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole susceptibility testing in this panel are:

Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Staphylococcus species - Coagulase Negative   
Staphylococcus saprophyticus