Ko5/2o2

JUN 2 3 2005

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Device Manufacturer: Dade Behring, Inc.   
Contact name: Cynthia Van Duker, Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Fax: 916-374-3144   
Date prepared: May 10, 2005   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels Trade Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels   
Intended Use: To determine antimicrobial agent susceptibility   
510(k) Notification: New antimicrobial - Vancomycin   
Predicate device: MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive and Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan $^ { \textregistered }$ Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels are designed for use in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive cocci.

The antiiobil sustibiliy test reiiauizations  the bro dilutn suseptibliy test that have been diluted in broth and dehydrated.Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in broth to concentrations briinhengeclntet.nl eyratwi waterlatn w  nz suspension of the organism. After incubation in a non- $\mathbf { \cdot } \mathbf { C } \mathbf { O } _ { 2 }$ incubator for 16-24 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is read by determining the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth.

The proposed MicroScan $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with a CLSI (formerly NCCLS) frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document "Class I Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", dated February 5, 2003. The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of the MicroScan $\pmb { \mathfrak { B } }$ Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel with vancomycin.

The external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock Efficacy isolates and stock Challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed Dried Gram-Positive Panel by comparing its performance with a CLSI frozen Reference panel. Challenge strains were compared to Expected Results determined prior to the evaluation. The Dried Gram-Positive Panel demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Essential Agreement of $5 9 9 \%$ for vancomycin when compared with the frozen Reference panel.

Inoculum and instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated acceptable reproducibility and precision with vancomycin, regardless of which inoculum method (i.e, Turbidity and Prompt), or instrument (autoSCAN$4 ^ { \textcircled { 8 } }$ and WalkAway®) was used.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for vancomycin.

# JUN 2 3 2005

Ms. Cynthia Van Duker Regulatory Affairs Manager Dade Behring Inc. 1584 Enterprise Boulevard West Sacramento, CA 95691-9972

Re:  k051202 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels with Vancomycin $( 0 . 2 5 - 1 2 8 \mathrm { m c g / m l } )$ EMP Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JWY, LRG, LTW, LTY Dated: May 10, 2005 Received: May 18, 2005

Dear Ms. Van Duker:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA mav publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

$$
\int a x e , a \sqrt { \sqrt { v _ { \gamma } } }
$$

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K05(202

Device Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels with Vancomycin (0.25 - 128 mcg/ml)

Indications For Use:

The MicroScan® Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive cocci. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 16  24 hours at 35°C +/- 1°C in a non-CO2 incubator, and read either visually or with MicroScan instrumentation, according to the Package Insert.

This particular submission is for the addition of the antimicrobial vancomycin at concentrations of 0.25 to 128 mcg/ml to the test panel.

The gram-positive organisms which may be used for vancomycin susceptibility testing in this panel are:

Enterococcus spp. (e.g., Enterococcus faecalis)   
Staphylococcus spp. (including Staphylococcus aureus)   
Staphylococcus epidermidis (including methicillin-resistant strains)   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus bovis

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)