# 7. 510(k) SUMMARY

# NOV 17 2005

# Contact Information

David M. Lyerly   
Vice-President, Research & Development TECHLAB, Inc.   
2001 Kraft Drive   
Corporate Research Center   
Blacksburg, VA 24060-6364

Phone: 540-953-1664 FAX: 540-953-1665 Email: dlyerly@techlab.com

Date Prepared

July 12, 2005

Product and Trade Name GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M

# Classification

Giardia spp. 21 CFR 866.3220 Product Code: MHI

Cryptosporidium spp. 21 CFR 866.3220 Product Code: MHJ

# Predicate Devices

ProSpecT® Giardia/Cryptosporidium Microplate Assay Remel (Lenexa, KS  formerly Alexon Biomedical, Inc.) K955157

Merifluor™ Cryptosporidium / Giardia Kit Meridian Diagnostics (Cincinnati, Ohio) K912408

# Intended Use

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK TM test is an enzyme immunoassay for the qliG specimens. It is indicated for use as an aid in the diagnosis of patients with diarrhea suspected o Giardia and/or Cryptosporidium gastrointestinal infections.

# Device Description

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test uses monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies to cell-surface antigens of Giardia and an oocyst antigen of Cryptosporidium. The Microassay Plate in the kit contains immobilized monoclonal antibodies against the antigens and the Conjugate consists of polyclonal antibodies against the antigens. In the assay, an aliquot of a diluted fecal specimen is transferred to a microassay well. The immobilized monoclonal andies bind the Giardi and ryptospodim ntigens if the antigens re present.Upon addition, Conjugate then binds to the antigen/antibody complex. Any unbound materials are removed during the washing steps. Following the addition of substrate, a color is detected due to the enzyme-antibody-antigen complexes that formed in the presence of Giardia or Cryptosporidium antigens and Conjugate.

# 7.1  Comparative Information of Equivalent Devices

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetPopulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUMCHEKTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject tothis 510(k)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofGiardia cyst andCryptosporidiumoocyst antigen infecal specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly specificantibodies againstGiardia andCryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Persons suspectedof having GiardiaorCryptosporidiuminfection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct detection ofGiardia cysts andCryptosporidiumoocysts in fecalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Various Stains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Persons suspectedof having GiardiaorCryptosporidiuminfection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProSpecT® Giardia/CryptosporidiumMicroplate Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K955157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofGiardia cyst andCryptosporidiumoocyst antigen infecal specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly specificantibodies againstGiardia andCryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Persons suspectedof having GiardiaorCryptosporidiuminfection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MerifluorCryptosporidium/Giardia Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K912408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct detection ofGiardia cysts andCryptosporidiumoocysts in fecalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DFA-Immuno-fluorescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly specificantibodies againstGiardia andCryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Persons suspectedof having GiardiaorCryptosporidiuminfection</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Summary of Performance Data

# 7.2.1 Summary of Clinical Evaluations

Tables 1 and 2 display the comparison of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTM test to a commercially available ELISA and to microscopy. Results are compiled from the three clinical study sites and include all samples used in the clinical evaluation of the test.

Table 1 displays the comparison of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test to a commercially available ELISA and to microscopy from all three test sites. The results show that, compared to a commercially available ELISA, the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM $C H E K ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { T M } } }$ test exhibited $9 8 . 6 \%$ agreement for positive specimens, $9 8 . 7 \%$ agreement for negative specimens, and $9 8 . 6 \%$ agreement overall.

Table 2 displays the comparison of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test to IFA-confirmed microscopy results from Site 1. The results show that, compared to microscopic analysis, the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTM test exhibited $9 7 . 6 \%$ sensitivity, $1 0 0 \%$ specificity, and $9 8 . 6 \%$ correlation.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>TABLE 1: SUMMARY OF ALL STUDIESGIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTMComparison to a commercially available ELISA(n = 590)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ProSpecT Giardia/CryptosporidiumMicroplate Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™MTECHLAB®, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>590</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTMvs. ProSpecT® Giardia/CryptosporidiumMicroplate Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement - Positive Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2% - 99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement - Negative Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4% - 99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement - Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4% - 98.8%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>TABLE 2: SUMMARY OF ALL STUDIESGIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTMComparison to Microscopy(n =217)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Microscopy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTMvs. Microscopy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6% - 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predictive Positive Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predictive Negative Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5% - 99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% - 98.9%</td></tr></table>

# 7.2.2 Reproducibility

Multi-site proficiency testing was conducted to establish the ability of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTM test to provide reproducible results in laboratory settigs.A fecal panel was assembled and tested at TECHLAB®, Inc. Identical aliquots of the HB GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test. The fecal panel consisted of 24 samples: eight Giardia-positive samples, eight Cryptosporidium-positive samples, and eight samples negative for both parasies.Samples were selected that provided a range o absorbance values over the working range of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test $\mathrm { C D } _ { 4 5 0 }$ reading 0.0 - 4.0), including positive samples close to the positive/negative cut-off absorbance $\left( \mathrm { O D } _ { 4 5 0 } 0 . 1 5 0 \right)$ Each sample was tested during three independent trials over a three-day period. Proficiency testing demonstrated 100% correlation for all samples from all three testing sites.

# 7.2.3 Sensitivity

Sensitivity to each antigen preparation was evaluated in 6 separate trials, using three different lots of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTM test. The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test was consistently positive at 375 Giardia cysts/mL, 0.8 ng recombinant cyst wall protein/mL, and 6250 Cryptosporidium oocysts/mL.

# 7.2.4 Specificity

# Crossreactivity

An independent diagnostics laboratory evaluated the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM $C H E K ^ { \mathrm { \tiny { T M } } }$ test using fecal specimens found to be positive for a variety of intestinal pathogens. No cross reactivity was observed with fecal specimens that contained any of the pathogens listed below. The number of specimens tested with each organism is shown in parentheses.

Ascaris lumbricoides eggs (26) Blastocystis hominis (31) Chilomastix mesnili (2) Cyclospora cayetanensis (1) Dientamoeba fragilis (10) Diphyllobothrium latum eggs (1) Endolimax nana (36) Entamoeba histolytica/dispar (9)

Entamoeba coli (17)   
Entamoeba hartmanni (4)   
Enterobius vermicularis eggs (6)   
Hymenolepis nana eggs (4)   
Iodamoeba bütschlii (4)   
Strongyloides stercoralis larvae (2)   
Taenia spp. eggs (2)   
Trichuris trichiura eggs (20)

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test was evaluated for crossreactivity with the bacterial and viral strains listed below.None of the strains were shown to crossreact with the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEK™M test.

Escherichia coli   
Escherichia coli 0157H7   
Yersinia enterocolitica   
Aeromonas hydrophila   
Shigella dysenteriae   
Salmonella typhimurium   
Campylobacter fetus   
Vibrio parahaemolyticus   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Clostridium bifermentans   
Bacillus subtilis   
Adenovirus type 1   
Adenovirus type 3   
Adenovirus type 40   
Human coronavirus   
Coxsackievirus B3   
Coxsackievirus B5   
Echovirus 11   
Echovirus 22   
Enterovirus type 68   
Enterovirus type 70   
Escherichia coli ETEC (enterotoxic)   
Escherichia coli EPEC (enteropathogenic)   
Escherichia coli EIEC (enteroinvasive)   
Salmonella typhimurium   
Shigella flexneri   
Campylobacter coli   
Clostridium difficile   
Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan's)   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Bacillus cereus   
Adenovirus type 2   
Adenovirus type 5   
Adenovirus type 41   
Coxsackievirus B2   
Coxsackievirus B4   
Echovirus 9   
Echovirus 18   
Echovirus 33   
Enterovirus type 69   
Enterovirus type 71

# Interfering Substances

The following substances had no effect on positive or negative test results analyzed at the concentrations indicated: mucin (3.5% w/v), human blood (40% w/v), Imodium® (5% w/v), Kaopectate (5 mg/mL), Pepto-Bismol (5% w/v), fecal fat (stearic acid - 40% w/v), Metronidazole (0.25% w/v), Vancomycin (0.25% w/v).

# NOV 1 7 2005

David M. Lyerly, Ph.D.   
Vice President of Research and Development TECHLAB®, Inc.   
2001 Kraft Drive   
Blacksburg, VA 24060-6358

Re: k051929 Trade/Device Name: GIARDIA/CRYTOSPORIDIUM CHECK™M Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3220 Regulation Name: Entamoeba Histolytica Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MHJ Dated: October 20, 2005 Received: October 25, 2005

Dear Dr. Lyerly:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours, Saley a Forr

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number (if known): K 051929

Device Name: GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTM

Indications For Use:

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM CHEKTM test is an enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative detection of Giardia cyst and Cryptosporidium oocyst antigen in human fecal specimens. It is indicated for use as an aid in the diagnosis of patients with diarrhea suspected of Giardia and/or Cryptosporidium gastrointestinal infections.

FOR IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)