K052656

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® Gram Positive Daptomycin

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name:

bioMérieux, Inc.

Address:

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person:

Jolyn Tenllado Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Phone Number. Fax Number. Date of Preparation:

314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
September 23, 2005

B. Device Name: Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® Gram Positive Daptomycin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6$ μg/ml)

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK GPS Daptomycin

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK Gram Positive Susceptibility (GPS) Card for Linezolid (K022045)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITE® Gram Positive Daptomcyin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing Enterococcus faecalis, Staphyloccocus aureus, Steptococcus agalactiae, Staphylococcus epidermidis and Staphylococcous haemolyticus. It is intended for use with the VITEK® System as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. The antimicrobial presented in VITEK GPS Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK GPS Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

After the card is inoculated with a standardized organism suspension, t is placed in the Reader/Incubator of the VITEK System. Organism growth inside the card is optically monitored throughout the 6-15 hour incubation cycle. MIC results are automatically

calculated once a predetermined growth threshold is reached, and a report is generated that contains the MIC result and the interpretive category result.

VITEK Gram Positive Ertapenem demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the NCCLS reference agar dilution method, as defined in the FDA Class Il Special Controls Guidance Document:Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA. Issued Feb. 5, 2003.

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK Gram Positive Daptomycin. An exteral evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates and stock challenge strains.The extemal evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK Gram Positive Dapytomycin by comparing its performance with the CLSI (formerly NCCLS) broth microdilution reference method. ViTEK Gram Positive Daptomycin demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 9 . 5 \%$ overall Category Agreement when compared to the broth microdilution reference method. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

Ms. Jolyn Tenllado, RAC Regulatory Affairs Specialist BioMérieux, Inc. 595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042-2320

Re: k052656 Trade/Device Name: VITEK® Gram Positive Daptomycin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ E Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Devices Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: September 23, 2005 Received: September 26, 2005

Dear Ms. Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

$$
\sin a \pi , a \pi \pi \pi
$$

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K053656

Device Name: VITEK® Gram Positive Daptomycin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathsf { m l } )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® Gram Positive Daptomycin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Enterococcus faecalis, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus agalactiae, Staphylococcus epidermidis and Stapylococcus haemolyticus. ViTEK Gram Positive Daptomycin is a qualitative test. It is intended for use with the VITEK System as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents.

The VITEK® Gram Positive Susceptibility Test is intended to be used with the VITEK® System for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacili, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus agalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.

# Page 1 of 1

Office of In Vitr: Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Suiety

510(k) K052656

p. 10