Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \mu \mu$ BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM

# NOV 1 4 2005

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

Becton Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152   
Phone 410-316-4905   
Fax: 410-316-4499

# CONTACT NAME:

Dainelle N. Clark, Regulatory Affairs Specialist

# DATE PREPARED:

November 08, 2005

DEVICE TRADE NAME:

Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \mathrm { g } ,$ , BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks

DEVICE COMMON NAME:

Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks

DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:

21 CFR§866.1620, Class II (Product Code JTN), Susceptibility Test Disks, Antimicrobial

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

Other BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM (eg, Ciprofloxacin $5 \mu \mathrm { g } .$ , BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM)

# INTENDED USE:

Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks are used for semi-quantitative in vitro susceptibility testing by standardized agar diffusion test procedures. Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \mathrm { g }$ BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM is intended for use in determining the susceptibility to telithromycin of a wide range of bacteria, as described in the "Indications for Use" section. Zone sizes used for interpretation of tests, including control organism limits, were determined by the antimicrobic manufacturer and received FDA approval under NDA Number 21-144.

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Indications for Use:

Use of Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \mathrm { g }$ , BBLT Sensi-Disc for in vitro agar diffusion susceptibility testing is indicated when there is a need to determine the susceptibility of bacteria to telithromycin. The concentration of $1 5 \mu \mathrm { g }$ has been shown to be active in vitro against most strains of microorganisms listed below, as described in the FDA approved drug insert for this antimicrobic.

Active In Vitro and in clinical infections against:

Aerobic gram-positive microorganisms Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin and erythromycin susceptible isolates only) Streptococcus pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant isolates)

Aerobic gram-negative microorganisms Haemophilus influenzae

Active In Vitro Against:

Aerobic gram-positive microorganisms Streptococcus pyogenes (erythromycin susceptible isolates only Streptococci (Lancefield groups C and G) Viridans group streptococci

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \mathrm { g }$ BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM is prepared by impregnating high quality paper with accurately determined amounts of Telithromycin supplied by the drug manufacturer. Each Telithromycin disk is clearly marked on both sides with the agent and drug content. Telithromycin cartridges each contain 50 impregnated disks that are packed as either a single cartridge in a single box, or in a package containing ten cartridges. Telithromycin disks are used for semi-quantitative in vitro susceptibility evaluations by the agar diffusion test method.

Agar diffusion susceptibility methods employing dried filter paper disks impregnated with specific concentrations of antimicrobial agents were developed in the 1940s. In order to eliminate or minimize variability in the testing, Bauer et al. developed a standardized procedure in which Mueller Hinton Agar was selected as the test medium.

Various regulatory agencies and standards-writing organizations subsequently published standardized reference procedures based on the Bauer-Kirby method. Among the earliest and most widely accepted of these standardized procedures were those published by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the World Health Organization (WHO). The procedure was adopted as a consensus standard by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) [Formerly National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards (NCCLS)] and is periodically updated.

# DEVICE PRINCIPLE:

Disks containing a wide variety of antimicrobial agents are applied to the surface of Mueller Hinton Agar plates [or Haemophilus Test Medium Agar for Haemophilus influenzae or Mueller Hinton Agar with 5% Sheep Blood for Streptococcus species] inoculated with pure cultures of clinical isolates. Following incubation, the plates are examined and the zones of inhibition surrounding the disks are measured and compared with established zone size ranges for individual antimicrobial agents in order to determine the agent(s) most suitable for use in antimicrobial therapy. The categorical interpretation [susceptible (S), intermediate (I), or resistant (R)] for the organism being tested with the antimicrobial agent is made by comparing zone diameters to those found in the respective organism tables of CLSI/NCCLS Document M2 ("Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Disk Susceptibility Tests) and of CLSI/NCCLS Document M100 ("Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing").

# DEVICE COMPARISON:

The BBL™M Sensi-DiscTM Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks - Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \xi$ is similar to the BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks - Ciprofloxacin $5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g } }$ in that:

Both methods are for antimicrobial susceptibility testing using paper disks impregnated with an antimicrobial agent. Both methods have the same intended use. Both methods provide the user with antimicrobic minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) results based on measurements of zone diameters. Both methods require the user to determine categorical interpretations (S//R) using the measured zone diameters against CLSI/NCCLS Approved Standards M2 and M100. • Both methods use pure cultures of bacterial isolates.

The BBLTM Sensi-Disc™M Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks - Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \ g$ differs from the BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks - Ciprofloxacin $5 \mu \mathrm { g }$ in that:

BBL™M Sensi-Disc™M Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks - Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \mathrm { g }$ is a susceptibility test that uses disks impregnated with the antimicrobic Telithromycin at a concentration of $1 5 \mu \ g$ while the BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks - Ciprofloxacin $5 \mu \mathrm { g }$ is a susceptibility test that uses disks impregnated with the antimicrobic Ciprofloxacin at a concentration of $5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g } }$ BBL TM Sensi-DiscTM Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disk - Telithromycin 15 µg is a susceptibility test used to test a different battery of microorganisms than the BBL TM SensiDiscTM Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disk - Ciprofloxacin 5 µg.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TESTING DATA:

See the Telithromycin drug package insert, Susceptibility Tests:Diffusion Techniques" (Appendix 1).

# NOV 1 4 2005

Ms. Dainelle N. Clark   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
BD Diagnostics Systems   
Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152

Re: k052876 Trade/Device Name: BBL ™ Sensi-Disc Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks, Telithromycin $1 5 ~ \mu \varrho$ EY Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1620 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disc Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JTN Dated: October 11, 2005 Received: October 12, 2005

Dear Ms. Clark:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number ifknown): 052876

Device Name: BBL TM Sensi-DiscTM Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks, Telithromycin 15μg

# Indications for Use:

Use of Telithromycin $1 5 \mu \mathrm { g } ,$ BBLTM Sensi-DiscTM for in vitro agar diffusion susceptibility testing is indicated when there is a need to determine the susceptibility of bacteria to telithromycin. The concentration of 15µg has been shown to be active in vitro against most strains of microorganisms listed below, as described in the FDA approved drug insert for this antimicrobic.

Active In Vitro and in clinical infections against:

Aerobic gram-positive microorganisms Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin and erythromycin susceptible isolates only) Streptococcus pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant isolates)

Aerobic gram-negative microorganisms Haemophilus influenzae

Active In Vitro Against:

Aerobic gram-positive microorganisms Streptococcus pyogenes (erythromycin susceptible isolates only Streptococci (Lancefield groups C and G) Viridians group streptococci

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Jueole the. Fofe Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K053876