# DEC 1 4 2005

# 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

# Submitted By:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Cell: 408-690-4938 Telephone: 408-616-4335 Fax: 408-616-4313

# Submission Contact:

John D. Tamerius, Ph.D.

Date Prepared:

November 9, 2005

Device Trade Name:

QuickVue® Influenza $\mathsf { A } + \mathsf { B }$ test

Common Name:

Influenza test

Predicate Devices:

Quidel QuickVue® Influenza $A + B$ test (K031899) Quidel QuickVue® Influenza test (K991633)

# Device Classification/Name:

21 CFR 866.3330 / Influenza virus serological reagents.

The device, the QuickVue Influenza $\textsf { A } + \textsf { B }$ test, is similar to other FDA-cleared devices used for the qualitative detection of influenza type A and B directly from clinical specimens. These tests are used to aid in the diagnosis of disease caused by influenza viruses A and B and provide epidemiological information on these diseases (21CFR 866.3330).

The Food and Drug Administration has classified serological test systems for the detection of influenza virus as Class I.

Intended Use:

The QuickVue Influenza $A + B$ test allows for the rapid, qualitative detection of influenza type A and type B antigens directly from nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab, nasal wash and/or nasal aspirate specimens. The test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of acute influenza type A and type B viral infections. The test is not intended to detect influenza C antigens. Negative test results should be confirmed by cell culture. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use.

# Physiologic Basis of the Test:

Influenza is a highly contagious, acute, viral infection of the respiratory tract. The causative agents of the disease are immunologically diverse, single-strand RNA viruses known as Influenza Viruses. There are three types of influenza viruses: A, B, and C. Type A viruses are the most prevalent and are associated with the most serious epidemics. Type B produces a disease that is generally milder than that caused by Type A." Type C has never been connected with a large epidemic of human disease. Both Type A and B viruses can circulate simultaneously, but usually one type is dominant during a given season.

Influenza antigens may be detected in clinical specimens by immunoassay. The QuickVue Influenza A $^ +$ B test is a lateral-flow immunoassay using highly sensitive monoclonal antibodies that are specific for influenza antigens. The test is specific to influenza Types A and B antigen with no known cross-reactivity to normal flora or other known respiratory pathogens.

# Device Description:

The QuickVue Influenza $\textsf { A } + \textsf { B }$ test, has two Test Line indicators - one for type A and one for type B. The two Test Line indicators allow for the separate identification of type A and type B viral antigens from the same specimen. If either Test Line turns pink-to-red, the test is positive for influenza.

# Device Description (cont.):

Nasal swabs, nasopharyngeal swabs, nasal wash and/or nasal aspirates serve as specimens for this test. The patient specimen is placed in a tube containing Extraction Reagent, during which time the virus particles in the specimen are disrupted, exposing internal viral antigens. After extraction, the Test Strip is placed in the Extraction Tube for 10 minutes. During this time, the extracted specimen will react with the reagents in the Test Strip.

If the extracted specimen contains influenza Type A and/or B antigens, a pink-to-red Test Line along with a blue procedural Control Line will appear on the Test Strip. If influenza Type A and B viral antigens are not present, or present at very low levels, only a blue procedural Control Line will appear. If no blue procedural Control Line develops, the result is considered invalid.

# Device Comparison:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickVue®Influenza A+BTest (proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickVue®Influenza A+Btest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickVue®Influenza test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differential detectionof influenza A and Bviral antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differential detectionof influenza A and Bviral antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of influenzaA and B viral antigen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal SwabNasopharyngealSwabNasal WashNasal Aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal SwabNasal WashNasal Aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal SwabNasal WashNasal Aspirate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral-flowimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral-flowimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral-flowimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofInfluenzaVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of Influenzatype A and type B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of Influenzatype A and type B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of Influenzatype A and type B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 step; buffer anddetergent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 step; buffer anddetergent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 step; buffer anddetergent</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

Several additional studies were undertaken to validate the performance characteristics of the QuickVue® Influenza A + B test. These studies included the following:

1. ul-elclial  acoctivy and overall accuracy when compared to viral culture and discrepant results resolved by RT-PCR were calculated.   
2. A clinical performance study with frozen nasal washes demonstrated the QuickVue® Influenza A + B test gave excellent sensitivity and specificity.   
3. A transport media study to select suitable media for the transport of clinical samples identified three transport media that performed optimally.   
4. A study confirmed the QuickVue® Influenza $\textsf { A } + \textsf { B }$ test detects Influenza A subtype H5N1 viruses that have been cultured in vitro.   
5. A study confirmed the QuickVue® Influenza A + B test detects influenza A subtype viruses that had been cultivated in embryonated eggs.

# Conclusion:

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the QuickVue® Influenza A + B test to existing products already marketed. They further demonstrated the suitability of the product for laboratory and professional use. Such studies are a critical element in establishing the fundamental safety and effectiveness of the product and its appropriateness for commercial distribution.

# DEC 1 4 2005

John D. Tamerius, Ph.D.   
Vice President, Clinical & Regulatory Affairs Quidel Corporation   
2981 Copper Road   
Santa Clara, CA 95051

Re: k053146 Trade/Device Name: QuickVue® Influenza A + B Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza Virus Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GNX Dated: November 9, 2005 Received: November 10, 2005

Dear Dr. Tamerius:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K053146

Device Name: QuickVue® Influenza A + B test

Indications for Use:

The QuickVue Influenza A + B test allows for the rapid, qualitative detection of influenza type A and type B antigens directly from nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab, nasal wash and/or nasal aspirate specimens. The test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of acute influenza type A and type B viral infections. The test is not intended to detect influenza C antigens. Negative test results should be confirmed by cell culture. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Division Sign-Off Saly a

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evalation and Safecy

Page /of 1 k053141