# SECTION C. 510(K) SUMMARY

Pursuant to Section 12, Part (a)(i)(3A) of the Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990, Genzyme Corporation is providing a sumary  the safety and effetiveness inormation availableor e ® Infuenz A&B Test.

1. Sponsor/Applicant Name and Address: Genzyme Corporation One Kendall Square Cambridge, MA 02139

2. Sponsor Contact Information: Fred D. Lasky, Ph.D. Director, Regulatory Affairs Phone: 617.591.5512 FAX: 617.768.9592 Email: fred.lasky@genzyme.com

3. Date of Preparation of 510(k) Summary: May 31, 2006

4. Device Trade or Proprietary Name: OSOM Influenza A&B Test

5. Legally Marketed Devices to which Equivalence is Being Claimed: OSOM Influenza A&B Test (K 051244)

# 6. Device Description:

Intended Use

The OSOM Influenza A&B Test is an in vitro diagnostic immunochromatographic assay intended for the qualitative detection of influenza A and influenza B viral nucleoprotein antigens from nasal swab specimens in symptomatic patients. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and/or B viral infections. This test is not intended for the detection of influenza C viruses. A negative test is presumptive and it is recommended these results be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions.

# Principle of the Device

The OSOM Influenza A&B Test consists of a test stick that separately detects influenza A and B. The test procedure requires the solubilization of the nucleoproteins from a swab by mixing the swab in Extraction Buffer. The test stick is then placed in the sample mixture, which then migrates along the membrane surface. If influenza A and/or B viral antigens are present in the sample, it will form a complex with mouse monoclonal IgG antibodies to influenza A and/or B nucleoproteins conjugated to colloidal gold. The complex will then be bound by another mouse anti-influenza A and/or B antibody coated on the nitrocellulose membrane. A pink to purple col e must appear nhe contol regin  the stickor results  be valThe apec o sond nd possiy  thirdgt pink  purpie wil ppear n the est ne in indicating an A, B or A and B positive result.

# 7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics of Genzyme OSOM Influenza A&B Test with Legally Marketed Device:

The similarities with, and differences between, the OSOM Influenza A&B Test, with revised labeling, and the OSOM Influenza A&B Test (K 051244) device are described in the following table.

Summary of Device Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OSOM Influenza A&amp;B Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OSOM Influenza A&amp;B Test(K051244)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The OSOM Influenza A&amp;B Testis an in vitro diagnosticimmunochromatographic assayintended for the qualitativedetection of influenza A andinfluenza B viral nucleoproteinantigens from nasal swabspecimens in symptomaticpatients. It is intended to aid inthe rapid differential diagnosis ofinfluenza A and/or B viralinfections. This test is notintended for the detection ofinfluenza C viruses. A negativetest is presumptive and it isrecommended these results beconfirmed by cell culture.Negative results do not precludeinfluenza virus infection andshould not be used as the solebasis for treatment or othermanagement decisions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for the qualitativedetection of influenza A andinfluenza B viral antigens fromnasal swab specimens. It isintended to aid in the rapiddifferential diagnosis ofinfluenza A and/or B viralinfections. The test is for use inclinical laboratories, healthclinics, and physician officelaboratories.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nasal swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nasal swabs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibodies (labeledand capture)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonals</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colloidal gold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colloidal gold</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Objective Test Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pink to purple line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pink to purple line</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes - Pink to purple line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes - Pink to purple line</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time To Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Includes test listing of bacterialand viral entities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Includes test listing of bacterialentities</td></tr></table>

# 8. Potential Interfering Substances

The following potential cross-reactant viruses were tested at levels greater than the limits of detection of the OSOM Influenza A&B Test for both influenza A and B ( ${ 4 . 4 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 4 } } ,$ /test and $1 . 4 \times$ $1 0 ^ { 5 } ,$ /test, respectively), and were found to have no affect on the performance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus Type 6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus Type 11 (Gregory)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps virus (Enders strain)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus Type 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus Type 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus Type 4B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus 7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV (Long strain)</td></tr></table>

# JUN 12 2006

Fred D. Lasky, Ph.D. Director of Regulatory Affairs Genzyme Corporation 500 Kendall Street Cambridge, MA 02142

Re: k061508 Trade/Device Name: OSOM® Influenza A&B Test Regulation Number: 21CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza Virus Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GNX Dated: May 31, 2006 Received: June 1, 2006

Dear Dr. Lasky:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions f the Federal Food Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device i classidseeabove)into either class II (Special Controls)or lassIII (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ E premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Indications for Use 510(k) Number (if known): K06 /508

Device Name: OSOM Influenza A&B Test

Indications for Use:

The OSOM Influenza A&B Test is an in vitro diagnostic immunochromatographic assay intended for the qualitative detection of influenza A and influenza B viral nucleoprotein antigens from nasal swab speciens in symptomatic patients. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influeza A an/or B viral infections. This test is not intended for the detection of influenza C. viruses.A neaive test is presumptive and it is recommended these results be confirmed by cell culture.Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions.