# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submission Information:

JUL 2 1 2006

Device Manufacturer: Dade Behring Inc.   
Contact name: Maureen Mende, Regulatory Affairs Group Manager   
Fax: 916-374-3144   
Date prepared: June 14, 2006   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels   
Trade Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels   
Intended Use: To be used in the confirmation of Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase production in Escherichia coli, Klebsiella spp. and Proteus mirabilis. 510(k) Notification: Modification to k020037- ESBL Confirmation Predicate device: MicroScan $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Dried ESBL plus ESBL Confirmation Panel

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels are designed for use in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility for Gram Negative organisms and screening for suspected ESBL production in E. coli, Klebsiella spp. and $P .$ mirabilis.

T ionyraV etluro ihe n Ater incubation n a non-Oincubator t 35 or a minimumf 16 hours, the minimum inhibitory concera MC heiei ysrihewtcbrt how growth.

Thetiirobiceotaxieceotaxime/clavlanica etazidime nd cetziime/clavulaniidhav bee c upxteera yn i rearket Notiication usson k2003Cniatispected BL wi mirabil wa umi the FDA and is pending clearance.

Th  o r spectrum beta-lactamase producing $E .$ coli, $K .$ oxytoca, $K .$ pneumoniae and $P .$ mirabilis using streamlined dilutions of theanicobal age reomende orconfirmation et describe nhe CLSI dnt M100-16 caxime nd cezidi alone n  cbination wiclavulanicci Indition,thisPremarketNoti 510kreents ataut (WalkAway®a utoSCAN®instruet) read theMicroScan®Dri Gram Negative panel with streamlined dilutions.

Challenge studies with the MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative panel with cefotaxime (2, 16 μg/ml), cefotaxime/clavulanic acid (0.5/4, 4/4 μg/ml), ceftazidime (1, 8 μg/ml) and ceftazidime/clavulanic acid (.25/4, /4 μg/m) were conducted using stock challenge strains.The Design Validation studies were desied to cabicb apprucinrgan by cparnghe panel conimationresul agains hemoleculr harerization reul.The dried Test panel with streamline dilutions  the ntimicobial agents dmostrate an vera Agreement 3% with ESBL and non-ESBL-producing strains.

Inlatmethon istntrucibilttacceptaberucbiyi ei (, 16 μg/, ceotaxime/clavulanicacid (0.5/4, 4/4 μg/ml), cetazidime (1, 8 µ/m)and cetazidime/clavulanid (.5/, /4 g/m regardless  which ioculatn method .Turbidity and Prompt) and read method (Manual, WalkAway® and auto $\bar { \mathsf { S } } \mathsf { C A N } ^ { \otimes } { \mathord { \left. 4 \right.}  }$ instruments) used.

The MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative panel with cefotaxime, cefotaxime/clavulanic acid, ceftazidime and cetazidime/clavulanicacid antiicrobial agents demonstrateacceptable Quality Control throughout each phase of the ESBL evaluation.

Ms. Maureen Mende   
Regulatory Affairs Group Manager Dade Behring Inc.   
2040 Enterprise Blvd.   
West Sacramento, CA 95691

JUL 21 2006

Re: k061687 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels with cefotaxime (2, $1 6 ~ \mathrm { \mu \mathrm { g / m l } } )$ , cefotaxime/clavulanic acid $( 0 . 5 / 4 , 4 / 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ , ceftazidime ( $1 , 8 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ and ceftazidime/clavulanic acid (0.25/4, 2/4 µg/ml) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JWY, LRG Dated: Junc 14, 2006 Received: June 15, 2006

Dear Ms. Mende:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore, market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practicc. labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA). it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21. Code of Federal Regulations (CFR). Parts 800 to 895. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencics. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sfall, ctiion

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K C4/687

# Device Name:

MicroScan Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels with cefotaxime (2, 16 μg/ml), cefotaxime/clavulanic acid (0.5/4, 4/4 ug/ml), ceftazidime (1, 8 ug/ml) and ceftazidime/clavulanic acid (0.25/4, 2/4 μg/ml)

# Indications For Use:

The MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative Panel is designed for use in the Confirmation of Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase (ESBL) production in Escherichia coli, Klebsiella spp. and Proteus mirabilis.

After inoculation, panels are incubated for 16-20 hours at 35°C +/- 1°C in a non-CO2 incubator and read either visually or with MicroScan® instrumentation, according to the Package Insert.

This particular submission is for the use of cefotaxime (2, 16 ug/ml), cefotaxime/clavulanic acid (0.5/4, 4/4 µg/ml), ceftazidime (1, 8 µg/ml) and ceftazidime/clavulanic acid (0.25/4, 2/4 µg/ml) for ESBL confirmatory testing on MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels and the addition of automated read methods.

The Gram Negative organisms which may be used for confirmation of ESBL production in this panel are:

Escherichia coli Klebsiella oxytoca Klebsiella pneumoniae Proteus mirabilis

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR S07 Subpant C)

Page I of _ 1. .

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitre Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Saiety

510(k) K66 1687

viii

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): 106/687

# Device Name:

MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels with cefotaxime (2, 16 μg/ml). cefotaxime/clavulanic acid (0.5/4, 4/4 ug/ml), ceftazidime (1, 8 ug/ml) and ceftazidime/clavulanic acid (0.25/4. 2/4 ug/ml)

# Indications For Use:

The MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative Panel is designed for use in the Confirmation of Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase (ESBL) production in Escherichia coli, Klebsiella spp. and Proteus mirabilis.

After inoculation, panels arc incubated for 16-20 hours at 35°C +/- 1°C in a non-CO icator and rea either visually or with MicroScan® instruentation, accordin to he Package Insert.

This particular submission is for the use of cefotaxime (2, 16 µg/ml), cefotaxime/clavulanic acid (0.5/4, 4/4 µg/ml), ceftazidime (1, 8 ug/ml) and ceftazidime/clavulanic acid (0.25/4, 2/4 µg/ml) for ESBL confirmatory testing on MicroScan® Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels and the addition of automated read methods.

The Gram Negativc organisms which may bc used for confirmation of ESBL production in this panel are:

Escherichia coli Klebsiella oxytoca Klebsiella pneumoniae Proteus mirabilis