K0601301

# 510(k) Summary for Copan Liquid Amies Elution Swab (ESwab) Collection and Transport System

# 1. SPONSOR

JUN 2 3 2006

Copan Diagnostics Inc. 2175 Sampson Avenue, Suite 124 Corona, CA 92879

Contact Person: Norman Sharples Telephone: 800-216-4016

Date Prepared: May 8, 2006

2. Device Name

Proprietary Name: Copan Liquid Amies Elution Swab (ESwab) Collection and Transport System Common/Usual Name: Transport Culture Medium Devices Classification Name: Transport Culture Medium Devices

3. Predicate Devices

BBLTM Port-A-CulTM Specimen Collection and Transport Products   
(Port-A-CulTM)   
Becton, Dickinson and Company   
K854986   
Copan Venturi Transystem® Amies Medium Without Charcoal (Venturi Transystem $\pmb { \bigotimes }$   
Copan Diagnostics Inc.   
K972448 and K946287

4. Device Description

Copan Liquid Amies Elution Swab (ESwab) Collection and Transport System is supplied in a collection kit format. Each collection kit consists of a sterile package containing a plastic screw-cap tube with conical shaped bottom filled with 1 ml of Liquid Amies transport medium and a small sterile peel pouch containing one of two sizes of a specimen collection swab that has a tip flocked with soft nylon fiber.

The Liquid Amies transport medium is a maintenance medium comprising inorganic phosphate buffer, calcium and magnesium salts and sodium chloride with a reduced environment due to the presence of sodium thioglycollate. The medium is designed to maintain the viability of aerobic bacteria, anaerobic bacteria and fastidious bacteria such as Neisseria gonorrhoeae during transit to the testing laboratory.

The nylon flocked specimen collection swabs provided with the Copan ESwab Collection and Transport System have a solid plastic shaft with a molded breakpoint site.Copan ESwab Collection and Transport System kits are available with two different size nylon flocked swab options to facilitate the collection of specimens from various sites on a patient.

# 5. Intended Use

Copan Liquid Amies Elution Swab (ESwab) Collection and Transport System is intended for the collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobes, anaerobes and fastidious bacteria from the collection site to the testing laboratory. In the laboratory, ESwab specimens are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for bacterial culture.

6. TechnologiCAl CHaractERistiCs and SUBStantiIal EQuivAlence

The Copan ESwab products are substantially equivalent to the predicate transport culture medium devices. The Copan ESwab products and the predicate devices are similar in intended use and overall function.

The proposed and predicate devices are single-use products intended for the collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobes, anaerobes and fastidious bacteria. Both the Copan ESwab and the predicate devices are offered in collection kit formats with specimen collection swab options.

# 7. Performance Testing

Studies were conducted to evaluate the performance characteristics of the Copan ESwab System components as well as the complete ESwab collection kit formats. Recovery studies were performed using the Copan ESwab and the predicate devices to determine the ability of the products to maintain viability of various strains of aerobic, anaerobic and fastidious bacteria during storage and use. Stability testing was performed on aged Copan ESwab products to support the 15- month expiration date.

# JUN 2 3 2006

Copan Diagnostics, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Cynthia A. Sinclair, RAC   
Principal Consultant, Regulatory Services Medical Device Consultants, Inc.   
49 Plain Street   
North Attleboro, MA 02760

Re: k061301 Trade/Device Name: Copan Liquid Amies Elution Swab (ESwab) Collection and Transport System Regulation Number: 21 CFR§866.2900 Regulation Name: Microbiological specimen collection and transport device Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JTW. JTX Dated: May 8, 2006 Received: May 10, 2006

Dear Ms. Sinclair:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA). it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) parket notiatinTeA ndng  ustantial euivalnce yurdevice  aaly marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion nd advertising  your device, please contact the Office  I Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

$$
\sqrt { a + c _ { 3 } a } \sqrt [ n ] { \frac { 2 } { c _ { 2 } c _ { 3 } } }
$$

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K061301

Device Name: Copan Liquid Amies Elution Swab (ESwab) Collection and Transport System

Indications for Use:

Copan Liquid Amies Elution Swab (ESwab) Collection and Transport System is intended for the collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobes, anaerobes and fastidious bacteria from the collection site to the testing laboratory. In the laboratory, ESwab specimens are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for bacterial culture.

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vit-o Diagnostic Device Evalustion alc sdlety