Ms. Cynthia C. Knapp Director Lab Services TREK Diagnostic Systems, Inc. 982 Keynote Circle, Suite 6 Brooklyn Heights, Ohio 44145

# AUG 3 1 2006

Re: k062190 Trade/Device Name: Sensititre $^ { \textregistered }$ Haemophilus influenzae/Streptococcus pneumoniae (HP) MIC susceptibility plates, for Tigecycline $0 . { \dot { 0 } } 0 4 { - } 8 ~ { \mu } \mathrm { g / m l }$ for Streptococcus spp. Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866,1640$ Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JWY, LRG Dated: July 26, 2006 Received: July 31, 2006

Dear Ms. Knapp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

fally an

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K 0l2/90

Device Name: Sensititre® Haemophilus influenzae/Streptococcus pneumoniae (HP) MIC susceptibility plates, for Tigecycline $0 . 0 0 4 { \cdot } 8 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m l }$ for Streptococcus spp.

Indications For Use:

The Sensititre HP Susceptibility System is an in vitro diagnostic product for clinical susceptibility testing of fastidious organisms.

This $5 1 0 ( k )$ is for the addition of Tigecycline in the dilution range of 0.004 - 8 $\mu \gimel I ^ { | m | }$ for testing Streptococcus spp. isolates on the Sensititre HP susceptibility system. The approved primary "Indications for Use" and clinical significance of Tigecycline is for:

Aerobic facultative Gram-postive microorganisms

Streptoccus agalactiae   
Streptococcus pyogenes   
Streptococcus anginosus grp. (includes S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and . S. constellatus)