# 5.0 510(k) SUMMARY

# GEN-PROBE® APTIMA Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae

General Information

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">Submitted By: Gen-Probe Incorporated 10210 Genetic Center Drive</td><td>Company Contact:</td></tr><tr><td>E. Joseph McMullen</td></tr><tr><td>Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>San Diego, California 92121 phone: (858) 410-8000</td><td>phone: (858) 410-8649</td></tr><tr><td>fax: (858) 410-8622</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>fax: (858) 410-8622 e-mail: josephm@gen-probe.com</td></tr></table>

# Trade Name:

Common or Usual Name:

GEN-PROBE® APTIMA® Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae

rRNA target-amplified nucleic acid probe test for the in viro diagnostic detection of Neisseria gonorrhoeae

# Classification Name:

# Classification Code:

DNA Reagents, Neisseria

Medical Specialty: Microbiology

Product Code: LSL

Registration Number: CFR 866.3390

Device Class: 2

Description: Reagents used to identify Neisseria spp. directly from clinical specimens or cultured isolates derived from clinical specimens. The identification aids in the diagnosis of disease caused by bacteria belonging to the genus Neisseria, such as epidemic cerebrospinal meningitis, meningococcal disease, and gonorrhea, and also provides epidemiological information on diseases caused by these microorganisms.

# Substantially Equivalent Devices:

GEN-PROBE® APTIMA® Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae

# Device Description

Clearance of this premarket notification extends the clinical performance claims of the commercially available GEN-PROBE APTIMA Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae to include PreservCyt liquid Pap specimens (collected and processed by the Cytyc ThinPrep 2000 Processor) as acceptable testing specimens. The ancillary kit formulated for this specific application is the commercially available GEN-PROBE APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit. The components of the APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit include: (1) a transport tube containing transport media with a penetrable cap and (2) specific instructions for use regarding decontamination and specimen processing procedures. The APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit may only be used in conjunction with GEN-PROBE APTIMA Assays for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and/or Neisseria gonorrhoeae.

# Intended Use

# APTIMA Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae package insert:

The APTIMA® Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae is a target amplification nucleic acid probe test that utilizes target capture for the in vitro qualitative detection of ribosomal RNA (rRNA) from Neisseria gonorrhoeae (GC) to aid in the diagnosis of gonococcal urogenital disease. The assay may be used to test the following specimens from symptomatic individuals: clinician-collected endocervical, vaginal and male urethral swab specimens; and patient-collected female and male urine specimens. The assay may be used to test the following specimens from asymptomatic individuals: clinician-collected endocervical and vaginal swab specimens; and patient-collected vaginal swab specimens and female and male urine specimens. The assay is also intended for use with the testing of gynecological specimens collected in the PreservCyt Solution and processed with the Cytyc ThinPrep 2000 System.

# Ancillary Kit package insert:

The GEN-PROBE APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit is only for use with GEN-PROBE APTIMA Assays for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and/or Neisseria gonorrhoeae. The GEN-PROBE APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit allows for APTIMA Assay testing of gynecological specimens collected and processed by the Cytyc ThinPrep 2000 Processor according to the instructions provided.

# APTIMA Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae

A complete description of the APTIMA Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae is provided in the commercialized package insert.

# Summary of Non-Clinical (Analytical Laboratory) Performance Data

# Limit of Detection (Analytical Sensitivity)

N. gonorrhoeae analytical sensitivity (limit of detection) was determined by directly comparing dilutions of 51 different clinical isolates in culture and in the APTIMA GC Assay. The analytical sensitivity claim for the assay is 50 cells/assay (362 cells/swab, 250 cells/mL urine, 487.5 cells/mL PreservCyt Solution liquid Pap).

# Analytical Specificity

A total of 154 culture isolates were evaluated using the APTIMA GC Assay. These isolates included 86 organisms that may be isolated from the urogenital tract and 68 additional organisms that represent a phylogenetic cross-section of organisms. The tested organisms included bacteria, fungi, yeast, parasites and viruses. All organisms except C. tai  pene U.urealyticu and the viruses were ested a $1 . 0 { \bf x } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { c e l l s } / \mathrm { a s s a y }$ E in Kova-trol/urine transport media and 60 organisms were tested in swab transport media. C. psittaci VR601 was tested at 8x104 cells/assay and C. psittaci VR125 was tested at 1x10° cells/assay. C. pneumoniae was tested at 4x103 cells/assay and U. urealyticum was tested at 6.7x106 cells/assay. The viruses were tested as follows: (a) herpes simplex virus I: 2.5x104 TCIDs/assay, (b) herpes simplex virus II 6.0x104 TCIDso/assay, (c) human papillomavirus 16: $2 . 9 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ DNA copies/assay and (d) cytomegalovirus: $4 . 8 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cells/assay. The list of organisms tested is shown in Table 1.

Table 1: APTIMA GC Assay Analytical Specificity   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ORGANISM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ORGANISM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ORGANISM</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Achromobacter xerosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria mucosa (3)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Flavobacterium meningosepticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria sicca (3)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria subflava (14)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Actinomyces israelii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria perflava</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Actinomyces pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gemella haemolysans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria polysaccharea</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Aerococcus viridans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Haemophilus ducreyi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paracoccus denitrificans</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcusanaerobius</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agrobacterium radiobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Herpes simplex virus I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcusproductus</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Alcaligenes faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Herpes simplex virus II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bacillus subtilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human papilloma virus 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionibacterium acnes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bacteriodes fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Kingella dentrificans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bacteriodes ureolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Kingella kingae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia stuartii</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bifidobacterium brevi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Branhamella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas fluorescens</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Brevibacterium linens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lactobacillus brevis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas putida</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lactobacillus jensonii</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rahnella aquatilis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lactobacillus lactis</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodospirillum rubrum</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Legionella pneumophila (2)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Leuconostoc paramensenteroides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Salmonella minnesota</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Salmonella typhimurium</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Micrococcus luteus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Chlamydia psittaci (2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Moraxella lacunata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Chromobacterium violaceum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Moraxella osloensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Staphylococcusepidermidis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mycobacterium smegmatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Corynebacterium xerosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mycoplasma hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. meningitidis Serogroup A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus mutans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. meningitidis Serogroup B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Deinococcus radiodurans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. meningitidis Serogroup C (4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Derxia gummosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. meningitidis Serogroup D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Eikenella corrodens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. meningitidis Serogroup Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcus sanguis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N. meningitidis Serogroup W135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptomyces griseinus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neisseria cinerea (4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Trichomonas vaginalis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Entercoccus avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neisseria dentrificans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ureaplasma urealyticum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Entercoccus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neisseria elongata (3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Entercoccus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neisseria flava</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Erwinia herbicola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neisseria flavescens (2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neisseria lactamica (9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

(n) $\asymp$ Number of strains tested All organisms tested produced a negative result in the APTIMA GC Assay.

# Interference Studies

The following interfering substances were individually spiked into swab, PreservCyt liquid Pap, and/or urine specimens: 10% blood, contraceptive jelly, spermicide, moisturizer, hemorrhoidal anesthetic, body oil, powder, anti-fungal cream, vaginal lubricants, feminine spray and leukocytes (1x106 cells/mL). The following interfering substances were individually spiked into urine specimens: $30 \%$ blood, urine analytes, protein, glucose, ketones, bilirubin,

nitrate, urobilinogen, pH 4 (acidic), pH 9 (alkaline), leukocytes $\mathbf { \langle 1 x 1 0 ^ { 6 } c e t l s / m L \rangle }$ , cellular debris, vitamins, minerals, acetaminophen, aspirin and ibuprofen. All were tested for potential assay interference in the absence and presence of GC at the estimated rRNA equivalent of 50 GC cells/assay (250 fg/assay). The rRNA equivalents were calculated based on the genome size and estimated DNA:RNA ratio/cell of each organism. No interference was observed with any of the tested substances. No inhibitors of amplification were observed in the APTIMA GC Assay.

# Recovery

Escherichia coli, Gardnerella vaginalis, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bacteroides ureolyticus and Staphylococcus epidermidis $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cells/assay) were added to samples containing the rRNA equivalent of approximately $5 0 N .$ gonorrhoeae cells (250 fg). These additions did not interfere with the amplification and detection of $N .$ gonorrhoeae rRNA using the APTIMA GC Assay.

# Liquid Pap Specimen Stability Studies

Data to support the recommended shipping and storage conditions for PreservCyt Solution liqid ap samples we nrated wi negativ roceseanpress liquP samples. For the unprocessed samples, four pools of PreservCyt Solution samples were tested after being stored in the Cytyc PreservCyt Solution vial. Each specimen pool was spiked with 50-100 CFU GC/assay, held at $2 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C }$ $1 0 \%$ , and $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , then tested at baseline and on days 5, 7, 8, 14, 18, 21, 25 and 36. All of the spiked samples were positive for GC at all times and temperatures. For the processed samples, four pools of PreservCyt Solution samples were used to determine processed specimen stability at $2 \%$ to $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Each negative sample pool was spiked with 50- 100 IFU GC/assay, then tested at baseline. Prior to processing, the PreservCyt Solution samples were stored at $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for seven (7) days to simulate the time lapse between sample collection, Pap processing and shipment to a microbiology testing lab. After seven days at $3 0 \%$ , 1 mL aliquots of each pool were transferred to an APTIMA Specimen Transfer Tube and tested at baseline before being placed at ${ 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ , $1 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ , and $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ The processed samples were then tested for 17 days stored at 30°C and 36 days stored at 2°C to 10°C. All of the spiked samples were positive for GC at all times and temperatures. Data to support longer storage conditions were generated from four pools of negative processed PreservCyt Solution samples tested at below freezing temperatures. Each pool was spiked with 50-100 IFU CT/assay, then tested at baseline. Each pool was first placed at 30°C for 14 days and then stored at -20°C or -70°C over the course of 106 days. All of the spiked samples were positive for GC at all times and temperatures.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CFUmLPreservCyt</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CFUrXn</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreed</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>$ora$Agrmt.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Me anRLU(x1000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(x1000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(x1000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(x1000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(x1000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>758.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1211.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1031.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1056.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5636.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N.A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

  
e      C      - Ton             ) 20 07 111   
  
pAP EMMPMSPPAA

# Summary of Clinical Performance Data

A prospective multi-center clinical study was conducted to evaluate the use of the PreservCyt transport medium (a component of the ThinPrep 2000 System) as an alternative medium for gynecological specimens for the detection of N. gonorrhoeae by the APTIMA GC Assay. One thousand six hundre forty-six (1,64) symptomatic and asymptomaticemale subjects attending OB/GYN, family planning, public health, women's, and STD clinics were evaluated in the clinical study. Of the 1,646 evaluable subjects, 1,287 were asymptomatic subjects and 359 were symptomatic subjects (Table 3). Subjects were enrolled from sites with GC prevalence that ranged from $0 . 0 \%$ to $5 . 0 \%$ Two specimens were collected from each eligible subject: one PreservCyt liquid Pap specimen and one endocervical swab specimen. PreservCyt liquid Pap specimens were collected with the spatula/cyto-brush or a broom-like brush cervical lve specimen colection site and overal. Preservyt liquid Pap specimens were processin accordance with the ThinPrep 2000 Processor Operator's Manual and APTIMA Specimen Tranr Kit package inser.Ater proessig the Presery liquid ap een w he ThinPrep 2000 Processor, the specimen was transferred into the APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit for testing with the APTIMA GC Assay. Sensitivity and specificity of the APTIMA GC Assay in PreservCyt liquid Pap specimens were calculated by comparing results to the patient infected status. The algorithm included APTIMA Combo 2 Assay and APTIMA GC Assay results in endocervical swab specimens. Both reference NAATs were required to be positive to establish an infected patient status. At least one reference NAAT was required to be negative to etablish a non-infecte patin status. I n equivocal result was otaied from any oneoe reference NAATs, the patient infected status was categorized as inconclusive; these specimens were not included in the sensitivity and specificity calculations. Table 4 shows the sensitivities and specificities of the APTIMA GC Assay by symptom status and overall. Overall sensitivity was $9 2 . 3 \%$ (12/13). In symptomatic and asymptomatic subjects, sensitivities were $100 \%$ (7/7) and $8 3 . 3 \%$ (5/6), respectively. Overall specificity was $9 9 . 8 \%$ (1630/1633). In symptomatic and asymptomatic subjects, specificities were $9 9 . 4 \%$ (350/352) and $9 9 . 9 \%$ (1280/1281), repetively. Table hows the sensiivities and specicities of the TA GC Asy specimen collection site and overall. Sensitivities ranged from $80 . 0 \%$ to $100 \%$ Specificities ranged from $9 9 . 0 \%$ to $100 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cervical Sampling Device Used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Clinical Collection Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpatulaiCytobrush</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1307</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Broom-Type Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td></tr></table>

ias veupeds qews 2 Oawoo widv au1 un unsel uawdeds aeme irnisiem onia Aessy J9 ane   
  
  
Aeggy O9   
ABSSy 39   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTIMA GCPreservCyt Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+it</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+i-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-it</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity (%)(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity (%)(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Symptomatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (7:7)(59.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.4 (350/352)(98.0 - 99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>¤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Asymptomatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>83.3 (5/6)(35.9 - 99.6)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.9 (1280/1281)(99.6 -100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12751276</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>92.3(1213)(64.0 - 99.8)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.8 (1630/1633)(99.5  100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1628</td></tr></table>

# Table 5: Performance of the APTIMA GC Assay in PreservCyt Processed Liquid Pap Specimens by Collection Site

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>cYanmaGntaYelowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTIMA GCPreservCytResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=10></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+it</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+i-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prov(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity (%}(95% C.1.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (5/5)(47.8 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (95:95)(96.2 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9595</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>00</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (1/1)(2.6- 100)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (123/123)(97.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pasitive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>80.0 (4/5)(28.4 - 99.5)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (4701470)(99.2 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>470</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>470</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (1/1)(2.5 - 100)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.0 (283/286)(97.0 - 99.8)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>100 (297/297)(98.8 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>N.A</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pasitive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100 (1/1)(2.5-100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>100 (362:362)(99.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>100</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>360360</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ALL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>92.3 (12/13)(64.0 - 99.8)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>99.8 (1630/1633)(99.5 - 100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>80.0</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1625</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1628</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

N.A $\equiv$ not applicable $\mathbf { \equiv }$ Assay $\eqcirc$ GC Assay $. , i + \textit { } =$ GC Assay $\begin{array} { r l } { \mathbf { \nabla } } & { { } \mathbf { - } \mathbf { \nabla } ^ { \beta } \mathbf { - } \mathbf { \nabla } \mathbf { \mu } } \end{array}$ Assay

Table 6: PreservCyt Liquid Pap Specimen Analysis or Patient Infected Status   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Patient Infected Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Endocervical Swab</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Symptom Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTIMACOMBO 2Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTIMA GCAssay</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Symptomatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asymptomatic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Incondusive</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>E</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>P</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Infected</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>P</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Non-Infected</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>352</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Infected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Total                                                                  359                1288</td></tr></table>

# Prevalence

The prevalence of GC in patient populations depends on risk factors such as age, gender, the presence of symptoms, the type of clinic, and the test method. A summary of the prevalence of GC in North America, for PreservCyt liquid Pap specimens on the APTIMA GC Assay is shown in Table 7

Table 7: Prevalence of N. gonorrhoeae by Clinical Site and Overall as Determined by APTIMA GC Assay Results Using PreservCyt Liquid Pap Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> (#positive/#tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0                         (5/100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8                         (1/124)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8                         (4/475)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4                         (4/287)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0                         (0/2971</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5                         (2/364)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0                        ( 16/1647)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions from Non-Clinical and Clinical Data

The non-cliil an cial suy esultort es PreseCy iqu P specimens collected and processed by the Cytyc ThinPrep 2000 Processor in the currently marketed GEN-PROBE APTIMA Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae. The currently marketed GEN-PROBE APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit provides necessary materials and instructions to allow for the testing of PreservCyt liquid Pap specimens in the APTIMA GC Assay.

The results of the clinical study demonstrate reasonable evidence that when the APTIMA GC Assay and the APTIMA Specimen Transfer Kit are labeled as proposed, the APTIMA GC Assay continues to be safe and effective for its stated intended use.

# Contraindications and Cautions

There are no contraindications or cautions.

Mr. E. Joseph McMullen   
Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs   
Gen-Probe Incorporated   
10210 Genetic Center Drive   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: k062440 TraDevic NamGEN-PROBE® ATIA®Assa eissono Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3390 Regulation Name: Neisseria spp. direct serological test reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LSL Dated: August 18, 2006 Received: August 21, 2006

Dear Mr. McMullen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (seeabove) into eitherclass II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) poiatTheA nuanal euvalen  yur evic al marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours, fall, atin

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number: (if known)

K062440

Device Name: GEN-PROBE APTIMA Assay® for Neisseria gonorrhoeae Indications for Use:

The APTIMA Assay for Neisseria gonorrhoeae is a target amplification nucleic acid probe test that utilizes target capture for the in vitro qualitative detection of ribosomal RNA (rRNA) from Neisseria gonorrhoeae (GC) to aid in the diagnosis of gonococcal urogenital disease. The assay may be used to test the following specimens from symptomatic individuals: clinician-collected endocervical, vaginal and male urethral swab specimens; and female and male urine specimens. The assay may be used to test the following specimens from asymptomatic individuals: cliniciancollected endocervical and vaginal swab specimens; and patient-collected vaginal swab specimens' and female and male urine specimens. The assay is also intended for use with the testing of gynecological specimens, from both symptomatic and asymptomatic patients, collected in the PreservCyt Solution and processed with the Cytyc ThinPrep 2000 System.

' Patient-collected vaginal swab specimens are an option for screening women when a pelvic exam is not otherwise indicated. The vaginal swab specimen collection kit is not for home use.

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K062440