This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: _K062109

The purpose of this 510(k) submission is to expand the Indications for Use claim to add nasal swab specimens, modify the caution statement related to the determination of sensitivity by testing of archived specimens, expand the Analytical Reactivity claim to include two additional influenza A strains, provide data supporting the use of additional transport media, and to update the labeling in compliance with FDA Guidance: In Vitro Diagnostic Devices to Detect Influenza A Viruses: Labeling and Regulatory Path, as well as minor modifications consistent with competitor claims of the currently 510(k) cleard BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test (510(k) #K053126, originally cleared as 510(k) #K041049).

To establish substantial equivalence to the predicate, the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test was compared to the BD Directigen ™M Flu $A + B$ Test (510(k) # K001364).

SUBMITTER   
Binax, Inc., d/b/a Inverness Medical Professional Diagnostics   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, Maine 04074   
(207) 730-5739 (Office)   
(207) 730-5710 (FAX)   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359   
CONTACT PERSON   
Angela Drysdale   
angela.drysdale@binax.com (email)

ALTERNATE CONTACT PERSON Pamela Angell pam.angell@binax.com (email)

DATE PREPARED July 17, 2006

TRADE NAME BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test

COMMON NAME   
NOW® Flu AB Test, NOW® Influenza AB, NOW® Influenza A & B, Binax NOW®   
Influenza A & B, Binax NOW® Influenza A/B

CLASSIFICATION NAME Antigen, CF (including CF Controls), Influenza Virus A, B, C (per1 CFR 866.3330)

PREDICATE DEVICE BD Directigen™M Flu $A + B$ Test; K001364

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test is an immunochromatographic membrane assay that uses highly sensitive monoclonal antibodies to detect influenza type A & B nucleoprotein antigens in respiratory specimens. These antibodies and a control antibody are immobilized onto a membrane support as three distinct lines and combined with other reagents/pads to construct a test strip. This test strip is mounted inside a cardboard, book-shaped hinged test device.

Swab specimens require a sample preparation step, in which the sample is eluted off the swab into elution solution, saline, or transport media. Nasal wash/aspirate samples require no preparation. Sample is added to the top of the test strip and the test device is closed. Test results are interpreted at 15 minutes based on the presence or absence of pink-to-purple colored Sample Lines.The blue Control Line turns pink in a valid assay.

# INTENDED USE

The BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test is an in vitro immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative detection of influenza A and B nucleoprotein antigens in nasopharyngeal (NP) swab, nasal swab, and nasal wash/aspirate specimens. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections.Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decision.

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test uses lateral flow immunochromatographic technology while the BD Directigen™m Flu A+B test is an enzyme immunoassay (EIA) membrane test. Both tests are rapid immunoassays that employ specific antibodies immobilized onto a solid phase to capture and visualize influenza nucleoprotein antigens.

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL STUDIES

The clinical performance of the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test was established in multi-center, prospective, clinical studies conducted at a central testing laboratory outside the US during the 2004 respiratory season and at three US trial sites during the 2005-2006 respiratory season. Additional performance testing was conducted on retrospective frozen clinical samples collected from symptomatic patients at multiple physician offices, clinics and hospitals located in the Southern, Northeastern and Midwestern regions of the United States and from one hospital in Sweden.

BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Cell Culture / DFA - Prospective Study

A total of 846 prospective specimens collected from children (less than 18 years of age) and adults (18 years or older) were evaluated in the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test and compared to culture/DFA. Evaluated specimens include nasopharyngeal swabs and nasal swabs collected from patients presenting with influenza-like symptoms. Fortyfour percent $(44 \% )$ of the population tested was male, $56 \%$ female, $54 \%$ pediatric $\mathit { \Theta } \left( < \ 1 8 \right.$ years), and $4 6 \%$ adult $( \geq 1 8$ years). No differences in test performance were observed based on patient age or gender. A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant influenza subtypes observed during this time.

BinNOW® A & B Test performance by sample type versus cell culture / DFA, incdg $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals, is listed below.

BinaNOW® Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Cll Culture/DFA for DetectionFlu A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-/-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-86%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93-98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74-86%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96-98%</td></tr></table>

BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Cell Culture/DFA for Detection of Flu B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39-85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>827</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99-100%</td></tr></table>

BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Cell Culture / DFA - Retrospective Study

A total of 293 retrospective frozen clinical samples were evaluated in the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test and compared to culture/DFA. All clinical samples were collected from symptomatic patients at multiple physician offices, clinics and hospitals located in the Southern, Northeastern and Midwestern regions of the United States and from one hospital in Sweden. Fifty-three percent (53%) of the population tested was male, 47% female, 62% pediatric (<18 years) and 38% adult (≥ 18 years). Nasal wash/aspirate specimens comprised approximately $61 \%$ of the samples tested, while NP swabs represented 39%. No differences in test performance were observed based on patient age and gender or based on sample type tested.

BinaxNOW® A & B Test performance by sample type versus cell culture / DFA, including $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals, is listed below.

BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Cell Culture/DFA for Detection of Flu A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-/-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-86%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81-95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash/Aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78-96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88-96%</td></tr></table>

BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Cell Culture/DFA for Detection of Flu B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Test Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-/-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash/Aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-78%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-78%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92-98%</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

The BinaxNOw® test limit of detection (LOD), defined as the concentration of influenza virus that produces positive BinaxNOw® test results approximately 95% of the time, was identified by evaluating different concentrations of inactivated Flu A/Beijing and inactivated Flu B/Harbin in the BinaxNOW® test.

Twelve (12) different operators each interpreted 2 devices run at each concentration for a total of 24 determinations per level. The following results identify a concentration of 1.03 x 10²2 ng/ml as the LOD for Flu A/Beijing and 6.05 x 101 ng/ml for Flu B/Harbin.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Influenza A/Beijing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03 x 10^{2 (LOD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.60 x 10&#x27; (Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.27 x 10&#x27; (High Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Influenza B/Harbin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.05 x 10&#x27; (LOD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.42 x 101 (Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51 x 10&#x27; (High Neg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

\*Linear regression was used to calculate a line equation, which was then used to project the cutoff concentration of Flu A/Beijing.

# REACTIVITY TESTING

The influenza A and B strains listed tested positive in the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test at concentrations specified. Although the specific influenza strains causing infection in humans can vary year to year, all contain the conserved nucleoproteins targeted by the BinaxNOw® test.' Performance characteristics of the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test for detecting influenza A virus from human specimens was established when H1 and H3 subtypes were prevalent. Performance characteristics of the test when other influenza A virus subtypes are emerging as human pathogens have not been established.

Influenza Strain ATCC # Concentration Flu AWS/33 (H1N1) VR-825 10^²2-106\$ EY ${ \mathsf { C E I D } } _ { 5 0 } / { \mathsf { m l } }$ Flu A/NWS/33 (H1N1) VR-219 10²2-106\$ $\mathsf { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m l }$ E Flu A/Hong Kong/8/68 (H3N2) VR-544 10²2-10}\$ $C E 1 D _ { 5 0 } / m !$ Flu A/Aichi/2/68 (H3N2) VR-547 10^²2-10}\$ EY $\mathrm { C E } | \mathrm { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m } |$ Flu A/New Jersey/8/76 (Hsw1N1) VR-897 10^²2-106}\$ EY $\mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ Flu A/Mal/302/54 (H1N1) VR-98 102-106 ${ \mathrm { C E I D } } _ { 5 0 } / { \mathrm { m l } }$ EPY Flu A/Port Chalmers/1/73 (H3N2) VR-810 10²2-106\$ ${ \mathrm { C E I D } } _ { 5 0 } / { \mathrm { m } } !$ g Kong/156/97 (H5N1) 1.3 X $1 0 ^ { 2 } \mathsf { T C } | \mathsf { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m l }$ 1am/1194704 (H5N1) 1.0 X $1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ cken/NY/11728-7/01 (H5N2) 1.0 X $1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { E l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m l }$ key/VASEP-66/02 (H7N2) 1.0 X $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { E l D } _ { 5 \mathrm { { 0 } } } / \mathsf { m l }$ Flu B/Lee/40 VR-101 10^²2-106\$ $C E | \mathsf { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m } |$ EPY Flu B/Brigit VR-786 10^²2-106}\$ ${ \mathsf { C E I D } } _ { 5 0 } / { \mathsf { m } } { \mathsf { I } }$ Flu B/Russia/69 VR-790 10²-106 $\mathsf { C E l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m l }$ EPY Fiu B/Hong Kong/5/72 VR-791 10²2-106\$ $C E 1 D _ { 5 0 } / m !$ Flu B/R75 VR-789 10^²2-106\$ $C E | \mathsf { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m } |$ EY

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS-REACTIVITY)

To determine the analytical specificity of the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test, 36 commensal and pathogenic microorganisms (27 bacteria, 8 viruses and 1 yeast) that may be present in the nasal cavity or nasopharynx were tested. All of the following microorganisms were egative when tested t concentrations rangin fro $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { \bar { 8 } }$ TCID50/ml (viruses), 107 to 108 organisms/ml (bacteria), and 106 organisms/ml (veast).

Bacteria Viruses   
Acinetobacter Adenovirus   
albicans   
Bordetella pertussis Coronavirus   
Enterococcus faecalis Coxsackie B4   
Escherichia coli Cytomegalovirus (CMV)   
Gardnerella vaginalis Parainfluenza 1   
Haemophilus influenzae Parainfluenza 2   
Klebsiella pneumoniae Parainfluenza 3   
Lactobacillus casei Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV)   
Legionella pneumophila   
Listeria monocytogenes   
Moraxella catarrhalis   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Neisseria sicca   
Neisseria subflava   
Proteus vulgaris   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Serratia marcescens   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan protein A producing strain)   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus, Group A   
Streptococcus, Group B   
Streptococcus, Group C   
Streptococcus, Group F   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumoniae

Yeast Candida

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The following substances, naturally present in respiratory specimens or that may be artificially introduced into the nasal cavity or nasopharynx, were evaluated in the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test at the concentrations listed and were found not to affect test performance. Whole blood (1%) did not interfere with the interpretation of native BinaxNOw est results, but idinterfere with the interpretation  Fu A LOD positive samples. Therefore, visibly bloody samples may not be appropriate for use in this test.

Substance   
1 OTC mouthwash   
3 OTC nasal sprays   
3 OTC throat drops   
2 OTC throat sprays   
4-acetamidophenol   
Acetylsalicylic acid   
Albuterol   
Chlorpheniramine   
Dextromethorphan   
Diphenhydramine   
Guaiacol glycerol ether   
Oxymetazoline

ConcentrationEMP $20 \%$ $1 5 \%$ EPYEY $1 5 \%$ EPY20%10 mg/ml15 mg/ml20 mg/ml5 mg/ml10 mg/ml5 mg/ml20 mg/ml0.05%

Phenylephrine   
Phenylpropanolamine   
Rebeto   
Relenza   
Rimantadine   
Synagis®   
Tamiflu

50 mg/ml   
20 mg/ml   
500 ng/ml   
20 mg/ml   
500 ng/ml   
0.1 mg/ml   
50 mg/ml

# TRANSPORT MEDIA

The following transport media were tested in the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test as negative samples (no virus present) and after inoculation with the LOD levels of Influenza A & B. Media did not impact BinaxNOw® test performance, with the media alone testing negative in the $N O W ^ { \circledast }$ test and media inoculated with LOD Influenza A & B testing positive on the appropriate test line in BinaxNOw® test.

Amies Media   
Brain Heart Infusion Broth   
Dulbecco Medium   
Hank's Balanced Salt Solution   
M4 Media   
M4-RT Media   
M5 Media   
Phosphate Buffer Solution   
Saline   
Stuart's Media   
Tryptose Phosphate Broth   
UTM-RT Media   
Veal Infusion Broth

It has been determined that Sucrose-Phosphate Buffer may not be suitable for use with this test.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A blind study of the BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test was conducted at 3 separate sies using panels of blind coded specimens containing negative, low positive, and moderate positive samples. Participants tested each sample multiple times on 3 different days. There was $9 7 \%$ (242/250) agreement with expected test results, with no significant differences within run (replicates tested by one operator), between run (3 different days), between sites (3 sites), or between operators (6 operators).

Ms. Angela Drysdale Clinical Affairs Specialist Binax, Inc. 10 Southgate Road Scarborough, ME 04074

Re: k062109 Trade/Device Name: BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Tcst Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza Virus Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GNX Dated: October 28, 2006 Received: October 30, 2006

Dear Ms. Drysdale:

We have rcviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketcd in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, isting of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may bc subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by othcr Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours, fally ain

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known): K060109

Device Name: BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Test

# Indications For Use:

The BinaxNOw® Influenza A & B Test is an in vitro immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative detection of influenza A and B nucleoprotein antigens in nasopharyngeal (NP) swab, nasal swab, and nasal wash/aspirate specimens. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decision.