Ms. Cynthia C. Knapp Director Lab Services TREK Diagnostic Systems, Inc. 982 Keynote Circle, Suite 6 Cleveland, OH 44131

# OCT 2 6 2006

Re: k062783 Trade/Device Name: Sensititre® Haemophilus influenza/Streptococcus pneumoniae (HP) MIC susceptibility plates, for Gemifloxacin $( 0 . 0 3 { - } 0 . 5 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ Linezolid $( 1 - 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ , Levefloxacin $( 0 . 5 - 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m i } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JWY, LRG Dated: September 14, 2006 Received: September 18, 2006

Dear Ms. Knapp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regularions administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirernents, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jally an

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510w) NIn 6 07833

Device Name: Sensititre® Haemophilus influenzae/Streptococcus pneumoniae (HP) MIC Susceptibility Plates. Gemifloxacin $( 0 . 0 3 { - } 0 . 5 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ , Linezolid $( 1 - 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ , Levofloxacin $( 0 . 5 { \cdot } 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$

Indications For Use:   
TheSensie Haemhilus nfluenzae/Sreptococcus neu HP) MIC Susctibliy platis n i i diagosic productor clinical susceptibliytestigoHaeophilus inluenzae; Streptococcus peuonie nd Streptococcus species.

This $\pmb { 5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } ) }$ is for the addition of Streptococcus spps. to Gemifloxacin $( 0 . 0 3 - 0 . 5 \mathrm { u g / m L } )$ , Linezolid $( { \bf 0 . 5 { - 4 } \ u g / m L } )$ , Levofloxacin $( \mathbf { 0 . 5 \mathrm { - } 1 6 \ u g / m L } )$ for use with the Sensititre® Haemophilus influenzae/Streptococcus pneumoniae (HP) MIC Susceptibility Plates.

The approved primary "indications for use" and clinical significance of Gemifloxacin is for: Streptococcus pneumoniae

The following in vitro data are available but their clinjcal significance is unknown: Streptococcus pyogenes

The approved primary "indications for use" and clinical significance of Linezolid is for Streptococcus pneumoniae, (including multi-drug resistant strains) Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus pyogenes

The following in vitro data are available but their clinical significance is unknown: Viridans group streptococci

The approved primary "indications for use" and clinical significance of Levofloxacin is for: Streptococcus pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant strains) Streptococcus pyogenes

The following in vitro data are available but their clinical significance is unknown: Viridans group streptococci Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus (Group C/F) Streptococcus (Group G) Streptococcus milleri