# 510(k) Summary Information:

AUG 2 3 2006

Device Manufacturer: Dade Behring Inc.   
Contact name: Maureen Mende, Regulatory Affairs Group Manager   
Phone/Fax: 916-374-3174/916-374-3144   
Date prepared: July 25, 2006   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels Trade Name: MicroScan MICroSTREP plus® Panel   
Intended Use: To determine bacterial susceptibility to Levofloxacin   
Indication for Use: For determining antimicrobic susceptibility with aerobic streptococci including Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Predicate device: MicroScan® MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \otimes }$ Panel (K020556)

# 510(k) Summary:

The MicroScan MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \circledast }$ Panel us  determ uaniaive nd/o qualve antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of aerobic streptococci, including Streptococcus pneumoniae. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 20 - 24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non-CO2 incubator, and read according to the Package Insert.

The antimicrobial susceptibility tests are miniaturizations of the broth dilution susceptibility test. Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in water, buffer or minute concentrations of broth to concentrations bridging the range of clinical interest. Panels are rehydrated with $1 1 5 \mu \mathrm { l }$ MuellerHinton broth supplemented with $2 - 5 \%$ lysed horse blood (LHB) and buffered with $5 0 ~ \mathrm { m M }$ HEPES, after inoculation of the broth with a standardized suspension of the organism in saline. After incubation in a non-C02 incubator for 20-24 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is manually read by observing the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth. Additionally, the panels may be incubated in and read by a MicroScan® WalkAway instrument.

The proposed instrument read method for the MicroScan MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance with streptococcal isolates when compared with an expected result generated on a CLSI frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document "Class I Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", dated February 5, 2003.

This Premarket Notification $( 5 1 0 [ \mathbf { k } ] )$ presents data in support of reading the MICroSTREP plus® Panel with Levofloxacin on the MicroScan® WalkAway instrument.

The external evaluation was conducted with stock and CDC Challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed instrument read method for the MICroSTREP $\overline { { p } } l u s ^ { \otimes }$ Panel by comparing its performance with Expected Results determined before the evaluation. The MICroSTREP plus® Panel demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Essential Agreement of $100 \%$ for Levofloxacin instrument read results compared with the Expected Result.

Instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated acceptable reproducibility and precision with Levofloxacin and the WalkAway® instrument.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for Levofloxacin.

3ra}\$

# 'AUG 2 3 2006

Ms. Maureen Mende   
Regulatory Affairs Group Manager Dade Behring, Inc.   
2040 Enterprise Boulevard   
West Scaramento, California 95691

Re: k062276 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan MICroSTREP plus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Panel Levofloxacin $( 0 . 1 2 - 1 6 ~ \mathrm { m c g / m l } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866,1640$ E Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LRG, LTT Dated: July 25, 2006 Received: August 7, 2006

Dear Ms. Mende:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall atn

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use Statement

# K062276

(To be assigned by FDA)

# Device Name:

MicroScan MICroSTREP plus® Pane Levofloxacin (0.12 to 16 mcg/ml)

# Intended Use

To determie bacterial antimicrobial agent susceptibiliy

Indications for Use:

The MicroScan MICroSTREP $\mathit { p l u s } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of aerobic streptococci, including Streptococcus pneumoniae. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 20 - 24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non-CO2 incubator, and read visually according to the Package Insert. Additionally, the panels may be incubated in and read by a MicroScan® WalkAway instrument.

This particular submission is for the addition of instrument read capability of the antimicrobial Levofloxacin, at concentrations of 0.12 to $1 6 \mathrm { m c g / m l }$ on the MicroScan MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \circledast }$ Panel.

The organisms which may be used for Levofloxacin susceptibility testing on this panel are:

Streptococcus pneumoniae (including penicillin-resistant   
strains)   
Streptococcus pyogenes   
Streptococcus (Group C/F)   
Streptococcus (Group G)   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Viridans group streptococci