# BIOPLEX 2200 EBV IgG KIT, CALIBRATORS, AND CONTROLS 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( { \sf k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>510(k) Number</td><td>510(k) Summary Report Date</td></tr><tr><td>k062211</td><td>December 7, 2006</td></tr></table>

# MANUFACTURER INFORMATION

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Manufacturer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.Clinical Systems Division4000 Alfred Nobel DriveHercules, CA 94547</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(510) 724-7000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2915274</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Owner / Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.4000 Alfred Nobel DriveHercules, CA 94547</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Owner / Operator No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9929003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Official Correspondent for the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Official Correspondent Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Laboratories6565 185th Ave NERedmond, WA 98052</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425-881-8300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3022521</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Owner / Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad Laboratories6565 185th Ave NERedmond, WA 98052</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Official Correspondent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mr. Christopher Bentsen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(425) 498-1709</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(425) 498-1651</td></tr></table>

# CLASSIFICATION INFORMATION

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus, Other (LSE)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Analyte Detection System EBV IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Panel on the BioPlex 2200 Multi-Analyte Detection SystemBioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control SetBioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3235</td></tr></table>

# LEGALLY MARKETED EQUIVALENT (SE) DEVICES

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex2200 EBVIgG Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparative FDA ClearedPREDICATE DEVICE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DecisionDate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV NA-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Captia EBV (EBNA-1) IgG ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>951549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/29/96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV VCA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Captia EBV VCA (P-18) IgG ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>980912</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/26/98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV EA-D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Captiaa EBV EAD IgG ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>973123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/22/98</td></tr></table>

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The EBV IgG kit uses multiplex flow immunoassay, a methodology that greatly resembles traditional ElA, but permits simultaneous detection and identification of many antibodies in a single tube. Three (3) different populations of beads are coated with E. coli derived recombinant proteins, EBV NA-1 (28kD and 45kD), EBV VCA p18 (40kD), and EBV EA-D (28kD) associated with infectious mononucleosis.12-13 The BioPlex 2200 System combines an aliquot of patient sample, sample diluent, and bead reagent into a reaction vessel. The mixture is incubated at 37C. After a wash cycle, antihuman IgG antibody, conjugated to phycoerythrin (PE), is added to the dyed beads and this mixture is incubated at 37°C. The excess conjugate is removed in another wash cycle, and the beads are re-suspended in wash buffer. The bead mixture then passes through the detector. The identity of the dyed beads is determined by the fluorescence of the dyes, and the amount of antibody captured by the antigen is determined by the fluorescence of the attached PE. Raw data is calculated in relative fluorescence intensity (RFI).

Three additional dyed beads, an Internal Standard Bead (ISB), a Serum Verification Bead (SVB) and a Reagent Blank Bead (RBB) are present in each reaction mixture to verify detector response, the addition of serum or plasma to the reaction vessel and the absence of significant non-specific binding in serum or plasma. Refer to the BioPlex 2200 System Operation Manual for more information. The instrument is calibrated using a set of seven (7) distinct calibrator vials, supplied separately by Bio-Rad Laboratories. A combination of four (4) vials representing four (4) different antibody concentrations are used for semi-quantitative calibration. The result for each of these antibodies is expressed as an antibody index (Al).

# KIT COMPONENTS

EBV IgG Reagent Pack (Catalog No. 665-1250). The reagent pack contains supplies sufficient for 1000 tests.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bead Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) 10 mL vial, containing 3 different populations of dyed beads coatedwith affinity-purified E. coli derived recombinant proteins to EBV NA-1(28kD and 45kD), EBV VCA p18 (40kD), EBV EAD (28kD); an InternalStandard (ISB), a Serum Verification (SVB), and a Reagent Blank (RBB);with Glycerol and protein stabilizers (bovine) in a MOPS (3-[N-Morpholino]propanesulfonic acid) buffer. ProClin® 300 (0.3%) and sodium azide(&lt;0.1%) as preservatives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) 5 mL vial, containing murine monoclonal anti-humanIgG/phycoerythrin conjugate and murine anti-human FXIll / phycoerythrinconjugate, in a phosphate buffer. Proclin® 300 (0.3%) and Sodium azide(0.1%) as preservatives.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Diluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (1) 10 mL vial, containing protein stabilizers (bovine and murine) in atriethanolamine buffer. Proclin® 300 (0.3%) and Sodium azide (0.1%) aspreservatives.</td></tr></table>

ADDITIONAL REQUIRED ITEMS, AVAILABLE FROM BIO-RAD   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Catalog #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663-1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set: Seven (7) 500 μL vials, containingantibodies to EBV VCA, EBV NA-1, and EBV EA-D, in a human serummatrix made from defibrinated plasma. Proclin® 300 (0.3%) as apreservative for all calibrators.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663-1230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set: Two (2) 1.5 mL vials of Positive Controlcontaining antibodies to EBV NA-1, EBV VCA, and EBV EA-D, in a humanserum matrix made from defibrinated plasma; and two (2) 1.5 mL vials ofNegative Control in a serum matrix made from defibrinated plasma.ProClin@ 300 (0.3%) as a preservative for all controls.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660-0817</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 System Sheath Fluid: Two (2) 4 L bottles containingPhosphate Buffered Saline (PBS). Proclin® 300 (0.3%) and Sodium azide(0.1%) as preservatives.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660-0818</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 System Wash Solution: One (1) 10 L bottle containingPhosphate Buffered Saline (PBS) and Tween 20. Proclin® 300 (0.3%) andSodium azide (0.1%) as preservatives.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660-0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 Instrument and Software.</td></tr></table>

# INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

# BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit

The BioPlex™ 2200 EBV IgG kit is a multiplex flow immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to three (3) separate EBV antigens; Epstein-Barr Virus Nuclear Antigen-1 (EBV NA-1), Viral Capsid Antigen (EBV VCA), and Early Antigen diffuse (EBV EA-D) in human serum. The test system can be used in conjunction with the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgM kit as an aid in the laboratory diagnosis of infectious mononucleosis (IM).

The EBV IgG kit is intended for use with the Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200 System.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, neonatal specimens, or infants. Assay performance characteristics have not been established for the diagnosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma, Burkitts lymphoma, and other EBV-associated lymphomas.

# BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set

The BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set is intended for the calibration of the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Reagent Pack.

# BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set

The BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set is intended for use as an assayed quality control to monitor the overall performance of the BioPlex 2200 Instrument and BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Reagent Pack in the clinical laboratory. The performance of the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set has not been established with any other EBV assays.

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following tables summarize similarities and differences between the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit, Calibrators, and Controls and the predicate devices used in comparative studies with the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit.

# A. BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Assay: EBV NA-1

Table 1: Similarities between reagents and materials   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities betweenComponents /Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBNA-1 IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash Buffer, Sample Diluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash Buffer, Serum Diluent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control and Multi-Analyte Positive Control (EBVVCA, EBV NA-1, and EBV EA-D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control, Low PositiveControl, and High PositiveControl</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Similarities between reagents with regard to function and use   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities betweenFunction and Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBNA-1 IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of IgGantibodies in human serum toEBNA.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative determination of IgGantibodies in human serum toEBNA.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Differences between reagents and materials   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences betweenComponents /Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBNA-1 IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bead reagent - dyed antigencoated beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 well microplate - antigencoated microwells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate: Anti-human IgG /Phycoerythrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate: Anti-Human IgG /Horse-radish Peroxidase,Substrate (TMB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath Fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath Fluid is used to suspendthe bead reagent and introduce itinto the detector.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not similar; not utilized in EIA&#x27;s.</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Differences between reagents with regard to function and use   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences betweenFunction and Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBNA-1 IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of IgGantibodies in human serum to toEBNA.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative determinationof IgG antibodies in humanserum to EBNA.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Analyte Detection (humanIgG antibodies to EBV VCA, EBVNA-1, and EBV EA-D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Analyte Detection(human IgG antibodies to EBNA)</td></tr></table>

# B. BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Assay: EBV VCA

Table 5: Similarities between reagents and materials   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities betweenComponents /Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV VCA (P-18) IgGEIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash Buffer, Sample Diluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash Buffer, Serum Diluent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-Off Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control and Multi-Analyte Positive Control (EBVVCA, EBV NA-1, and EBV EA-D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control, Low PositiveControl, and High PositiveControl</td></tr></table>

Table 6: Similarities between reagents with regard to function and use   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities betweenFunction and Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV VCA (P-18) IgGEIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of IgGantibodies in human serum toEBV Viral Capsid Antigen (VCA).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative determination of IgGantibodies in human serum toEBV Viral Capsid Antigen (VCA).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr></table>

Table 7: Differences between reagents and materials   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences betweenComponents /Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV VCA (P-18) IgGEIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bead reagent - dyed antigencoated beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 well microplate - antigencoated microwells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate: Anti-human IgG /Phycoerythrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate: Anti-Human IgG /Horse-radish Peroxidase,Substrate (TMB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath Fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath Fluid is used to suspendthe bead reagent and introduce itinto the detector.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not similar; not utilized in EIA&#x27;s.</td></tr></table>

Table 8: Differences between reagents with regard to function and use   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences betweenFunction and Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV VCA (P-18) IgGEIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Analyte Detection (humanIgG antibodies to EBV VCA, EBVNA-1, and EBV EA-D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Analyte Detection(human IgG antibodies to EBVViral Capsid Antigen)</td></tr></table>

# C. BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Assay: EBV EA-D

Table 9: Similarities between reagents and materials   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities betweenComponents /Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV EA-D IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash Buffer, Sample Diluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash Buffer, Serum Diluent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control and Multi-Analyte Positive Control (EBVVCA, EBV NA-1, and EBV EA-D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control, Low PositiveControl, and High PositiveControl</td></tr></table>

Table 10: Similarities between reagents with regard to function and use   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities betweenFunction and Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV EA-D IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of IgGantibodies in human serum toEBV EA-D.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative determination of IgGantibodies in human serum toEBV EA-D.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr></table>

Table 11: Differences between reagents and materials   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences betweenComponents /Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV EA-D IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bead reagent - dyed antigencoated beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 well microplate - antigencoated microwells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate: Anti-human IgG /Phycoerythrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate: Anti-Human IgG /Horse-radish Peroxidase,Substrate (TMB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath Fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheath Fluid is used to suspendthe bead reagent and introduce itinto the detector.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not similar; not utilized in EIA&#x27;s.</td></tr></table>

Table 12: Differences between reagents with regard to function and use   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences betweenFunction and Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate EBV EA-D IgG EIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Analyte Detection (humanIgG antibodies to EBV VCA, EBVNA-1, and EBV EA-D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Analyte Detection(human IgG antibodies to EBVEA-D)</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

# A. Expected Values

Expected values for the EBV IgG kit are presented by age and gender in Tables 13 - 18 for serum samples from unselected hospitalized pediatric and adult patients (N=303) and patients for which an EBV test was ordered $( N = 6 2 0 )$ A total of 621 serum samples from patients for which an EBV test was ordered were tested. One (1) sample from the patients for which an EBV test was ordered population was excluded due to RBB analysis error messages during BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG testing. For all analytes, results of $\mathtt { \le 0 . 8 }$ Al are negative, 0.9 and 1.0 Al are equivocal, and ${ \ge } 1 . 1$ Al are reported as positive.

Table 13: Hospitalized Patient Samples: EBV NA-1 IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Aje</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>BioPlex 2200 EBV NA-1 IgG</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt; 5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5-12 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13-20 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-80 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81-90 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91-100 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td></tr></table>

# BIO RAD

Table 14: Hospitalized Patient Samples: EBV VCA IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>BioPlex 2200 EBV VCA IgG</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt; 5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5-12 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13-20 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M1}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-80 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81-90 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91-100 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td></tr></table>

Table 15: Hospitalized Patient Samples: EBV EA-D IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>BioP lex 2200 EA-D IgG</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neyjative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt; 5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5-12 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13-20 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>09%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-80 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81-90 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91-100 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td></tr></table>

# BIO RAD

Table 16: Samples from Patients for which an EBV Test was Ordered: EBV NA-1 IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>BioPlex 2200 EBV NA-1 IgG</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt; 5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26%%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5-12 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13-20 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9696</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-80 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81-90 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91-100 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td></tr></table>

Table 17: Samples from Patients for which an EBV Test was Ordered: EBV VCA IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>BioPleX 2200 EBV VCA IgG</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5-12 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13-20 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51%0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-80 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81-90 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91-100 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%o$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td></tr></table>

# BIO RAD

Table 18: Samples from Patients for which an EBV Test was Ordered: EBV EA-D IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>BioPlex 2200 EA-D IgG</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neyjative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt; 5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5-12 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13-20 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-80 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81-90 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91-100 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td></tr></table>

# B. Reproducibility Studies

A reproducibility panel, consisting of nine (9) panel members was prepared by Bio-Rad Laboratoris. Two (2) of the nine (9) panel members had high levels of EBV NA-1 and EBV VCA; two (2) of the nine (9) panel members had high levels of EBV EA-D; two (2) of the nine (9) panel members had antibody levels near the cutoff for EBV NA-1 and EBV VCA; two () of the nine (9) panel members had antibody levels near the cutoff for EBV EA-D. All were prepared from positive patient samples. One (1) of the nine (9) panel members was negative for all three (3) analytes contained in the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG kit. In addition, three (3) lots of the EBV IgG Control Set [1 positive control antibody positive) and a negative control (antibody negative)] were also tested.

Reprducibility estig was perormed at each  thre (3)US testing acilities on a total of re () lots of the EBV IgG kit, three (3) lots of the EBV IgG Calibrator Set and three (3) lots of the EBV IgG Control Set. Each testing facility evaluated reproducibility using one (1) kit lot of EBV IgG with matched calibrators and controls. The panels were provided to each of the testing sites. Each of the nine (9) panel members and positive and negative controls was tested in quadruple ()on each day or three (3) days at each f three (3)US testing facils using one (1) lot EV IgG reagent pack, one (1) lot of EBV IgG Calibrator Set and one (1) lot of EBV IgG Control Set (4 times $\textsf { x 3 }$ days $\textsf { x 3 }$ sites $= 3 6$ replicates per panel member and controls). The data were analyzed for intra-assay and inter-assay reproducibility according to the principles described in the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute guidance EP5-A2, revised November 2004 and ISO/TR 22971:2205. The standard deviation (SD) and percent coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ were calculated. Positive results can be found in Tables 19 - 21.

Table 19: Reproducibility; BioPlex 2200 EBV NA-1 IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EBV NA-1 IgGPanel Members</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Grand MeanAI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td></tr></table>

\* Between-Site variance includes between lot variance.

Table 20: Reproducibility; BioPlex 2200 EBV VCA IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EBV VCA IgGPanel Members</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Grand MeanAI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td></tr></table>

\* Between-Site variance includes between lot variance.

Table 21: Reproducibility; BioPlex 2200 EBV EA-D IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EBV EA-D IgGPanel Members</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Grand MeanAI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td></tr></table>

\* Between-Site variance includes between lot variance.

# C. Precision Studies

A precision panel, consisting of six (6) panel members was prepared by Bio-Rad Laboratories. Two (2) of the six (6) panel members had high levels of the antibodies contained in the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG kit (EBV NA-1 IgG, EBV VCA IgG, and EBV EA-D IgG) and two (2) of the six (6) panel members had antibody levels near the cutoff, both prepared from positive patient samples. Two (2) of the six (6) panel members were negative (one high negative and one low negative) for both of the analytes.

Precision testing was performed at Bio-Rad Laboratories on one lot of the EBV IgG kit, one lot of the EBV IgG Calibrator Set and one lot of the EBV IgG Control Set. Each of the six (6) panel members was tested in duplicate $( \times 2 )$ on two (2) runs per day for ten (10) days using one (1) lot of EBV IgG kit, one (1) lot of EBV IgG Calibrator Set and one (1) lot of EBV IgG Control Set (2 times $\times 2$ runs $\times 1 0 0 0 0 \% = 4 0$ replicates per panel member). The data were analyzed for intraassay and inter-assay precision according to the principles described in the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute guidance EP5-A2, revised November 2004 and ISO/TR 22971:2205. The standard deviation (SD) and percent coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ were calculated. Results can be found in Tables $2 2 - 2 4$ .

Table 22: Precision Results; BioPlex 2200 EBV NA-1 IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EBV NA-1 IgGPanel Members</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN^</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Al Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr></table>

\*Additional samples were run.

Table 23: Precision Results; BioPlex 2200 EBV VCA IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EBV VCA IGPanel Members</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Al Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4%</td></tr></table>

\*Additional samples were run.

# BIO RAD

Table 24: Precision Results; BioPlex 2200 EBV EA-D IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EBV EA-D IgGPanel Members</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN^</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Al Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3%</td></tr></table>

\*Additional samples were run.

# DComparative Testing

# Typical Antibody Response Characterization

The following table demonstrates a generally accepted algorithm for classifying patients into an EBV status via serologic profiles. EBV status can be applied to any patient based on results of standard tests. In acute IM, both EBV IgM and EBV IgG antibodies to viral capsid antigen (VCA) rise rapidly. EBV VCA IgM antibody disappears over about four weeks. Heterophile antibody, which is of the IgM class, appears only during acute infection and fades rapidly over about four weeks. EBV EA-D IgG antibody shows a transient rise during acute infection, and becomes undetectable after 3 - 6 months. EBV NA-1 IgG antibody usually appears 3 months after initial infection and typically remains for life, as well as EBV VCA IgG.

Table 25: Serological Status   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV Serological Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV NA-1 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV VCA IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV EA-D IIG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV VCA IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterophile Antibody</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos {(+}</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos{+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neq (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P_os(+}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POs(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg 1-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas(+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos{+}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas(+}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos {(+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PDs(+}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas (+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas{+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg 1-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovering</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (+}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Previous Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neq (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (-)</td></tr></table>

No For e urosrologialharacerizatieuvoal esults wensdeegativ.A serological pattern not identified in Table 25 should be considered inconclusive.

Comparison of BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG kit and Microplate EIA

Performance of the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG kit was tested against corresponding commercially available microplate ElAs. A total of 621 banked serum samples from patients for which an EBV test was ordered were tested at 3 U.S. clinical testing sites. The BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG kit was run in conjunction with the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgM kit to allow for a complete antibody response profile. The characterization by antibody response was not compared with clinical data regarding presence, absence or status of disease. Two (2) samples were excluded due to RBB analysis error messages during BioPlex 2200 EBV IgM testing. One (1) sample was excluded due to RBB analysis error messages during BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG testing. Using Table 25 as a guideline, results were analyzed by BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG analytes and corresponding EBV IgG reference assays according to serological characterization based on reference assay results. For the purpose of percent agreement calculations, BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG equivocal results were assigned to the opposite clinical interpretation than that of the corresponding reference assay result. Likewise, the reference IgG assay equivocal results were assigned to the opposite clinical interpretation than that of the corresponding BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG result. Results from all sites are shown and summarized in Tables 26 - 31.

Table 26: BioPlex 2200 EBV NA-1 IgG vs. EIA: Comparison by Serological Pattern Characterization   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EBVSerological Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Reference EBV NA-1 IgG Interpretation</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV NA-1 lgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV NA-1 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV NA-1 IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ney</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovering</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618</td></tr></table>

Table 27: BioPlex 2200 EBV NA-1 IgG vs. EIA: Percent Agreement & Confidence Intervals by Serological Pattern Characterization   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBVSerological Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(31/31)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0 -100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(104/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9 - 98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovering</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0 -100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(285/290)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0 - 99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(11/15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.0 - 98.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(125/126)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6 - 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(20/29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.8 - 82.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(12/12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(409/428)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2 - 97.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(185/190)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0 - 98.9%</td></tr></table>

\*In cases where agreement resulted in a numerator of zero $\left. 0 \right.$ , $9 5 \%$ confidence interval could not be calculated; in cases where agreement resulted in (0/0) samples, percent agreement and $9 5 \%$ confidence interval could not be calculated.

Table 28: BioPlex 2200 EBV VCA IgG vs. EIA: Comparison by Serological Pattern Characterization   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EBVSerological Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Reference EBV VCA IgG Interpretation</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV VCA IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV VCA IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV VCA IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ney</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recoveing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618</td></tr></table>

Table 29: BioPlex 2200 EBV VCA IgG vs. EIA: Percent Agreement & Confidence Intervals by Serological Pattern Characterization   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBVSerological Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4/8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5 - 78.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(23/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(106/110)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0 - 98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovering</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(296/305)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5 - 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(127/127)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(16/16)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(24/25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.5 - 99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(426/443)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9 - 97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(174/175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8 - 99.9%</td></tr></table>

\*In cases where agreement resulted in $( 0 / 0 )$ samples, percent agreement and $9 5 \%$ confidence interval could not be calculated.

Table 30: BioPlex 2200 EBV EA-D IgG vs. EIA: Comparison by Serological Pattern Characterization   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EBVSerological Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Reference EBV EA-D IgG Interpretation</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV EA-D IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV EA-D IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200EBV EA-D IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ney</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovering</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618</td></tr></table>

# BIO RAD

Table 31: BioPlex 2200 EBV EA-D IgG vs. EIA: Percent Agreement & Confidence Intervals by Serological Pattern Characterization   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBVSerological Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(18/21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.4 - 95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.7 - 89.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(72/76)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2 - 97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(21/34)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.0 - 76.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovering</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(249/299)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.6 - 87.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(116/125)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9 - 96.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(10/13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.7 - 91.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(24/28)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.5 - 94.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(104/118)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1 - 92.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(417/496)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6 - 87.0%</td></tr></table>

\*In cases where agreement resulted in a numerator of zero (0), $9 5 \%$ confidence interval could not be calculated; in cases where agreement resulted in $( 0 / 0 )$ samples, percent agreement and $9 5 \%$ confidence interval could not be calculated.

# Comparison of Characterization EBV Serological Status

Using Table 25 as a guideline, samples characterized into serological status associated with EBV disease, using the commercialy available microplate ElA and agglutination tests, were compared with characterizations using BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG and IgM kits. The EBV IgG kit was run in conjunction with the EBV IgM kit to allow for a complete antibody response profile. The characterization by antibody response was not compared with clinical data regarding presence, absence or status of disease. Results from 618 serum samples tested at 3 U.S. clinical testing sites are shown in Table 32.

Table 32: Comparison of EBV Serological Status   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>EBV Serological status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG &amp; IgM Profile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>te anee</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Breenn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>shouoheg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sit cee</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ticcitke</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sooos %Areean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cei8[tne</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>cse aeer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.8 - 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.6 - 87.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovering</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0 - 95.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Previous Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9 - 89.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1 - 98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5 - 31.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.2 - 86.1%</td></tr></table>

Note: Calculations are performed for unshaded areas only.

Comparison of Acute and Non-acute EBV Serological Status   
The results obtained from the summarized information provided in Table 32 were further classified into two groups; Acute Infection and Non-Acute Infection. Acute Infection includes Primary Acute and Late Acute. Non-Acute Infection includes samples characterized as   
Susceptible, Recovering and Previous Infection as defined in Table 25. Inconclusive includes any samples whose patterns of antibody reactivity are not consistent with any category listed in Table 25. Results are summarized in Table 33.

Table 33: Acute vs. Non-acute   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>EBV Serological status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG &amp; IgM Profile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nt-te</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>incnione</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sooa%Areen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>So %6cte</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cAa aeas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4 - 92.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>394</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2 - 92.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5 - 31.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.1 - 87.7%</td></tr></table>

Note: Calculations are performed for unshaded areas only.

# E. Cross-Reactivity

A cross-reactivity study was performed to determine if samples from various disease states and other potentially interfering factors interfere with test results when tested with the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG kit. A panel of ten (10) specimens\* positive for each cross reactant were evaluated for possible cross reactivity with the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG kit for each of the three EBV IgG antibody assays. Due to the high prevalence of EBV IgG antibodies in the normal population, the test specimens were also evaluated on corresponding commercially available microplate ElAs. Most of the samples evaluated were high positive for each disease state. The majority of all samples that did elicit a positive result were also confirmed positive by the corresponding commercially available microplate EIA, indicating reactivity to EBV IgG antibodies rather than cross reactivity with a potentially interfering factor. Results can be found in Table 34.

\*Due to limited availability of samples, only four E. coli specimens were evaluated.

# BIO RAD

Table 34: Cross Reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cross Reactives</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV NA-1 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV VCA IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV EA-D IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ANA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Aheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Toxo IgG</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$^^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Rubella IgG</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CMV IgG</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2^*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VZV IgG</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HSV-1 lgG</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HSV-2 IgG</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HIV</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2^*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>E. col</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Pregnant women</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioPlex 2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discrepants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

\*One Equivocal Sample; \*\*Two Equivocal Samples

Mr. David Bhend Regulatory Affairs Associate Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Diagnostics Group $6 5 6 \bar { 5 } ~ 1 8 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Ave, N.E. Redmond, WA 98052

# DEC - 8 2006

Re: k062211 Trade/Device Name: BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Panel on the BioPlex 2200 Multi-Analyte Detection System BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3235 Regulation Name: Epstein-Barr virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: LSE Dated: November 13, 2006 Received: November 14, 2006

Dear Mr. Bhend:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150, or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number: k062211

Device Name:

BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit on the BioPlex 2200 Multi-Analyte   
Detection System   
BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set   
BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set

Indications for Use:

# BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Kit

The BioPlex ™M 2200 EBV IgG kit is a multiplex flow immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to three (3) separate EBV antigens; Epstein-Barr Virus Nuclear Antigen-1 (EBV NA-1), Viral Capsid Antigen (EBV VCA), and Early Antigen diffuse (EBV EA-D) in human serum. The test system can be used in conjunction with the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgM kit as an aid in the laboratory diagnosis of infectious mononucleosis (IM).

The EBV IgG kit is intended for use with the Bio-Rad BioPlex 2200 System.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, neonatal specimens, or infants. Assay performance characteristics have not been established for the diagnosis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma, Burkitt's lymphoma, and other EBV-associated lymphomas.

# BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set

The BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Calibrator Set is intended for the calibration of the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Reagent Pack.

# BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set

The BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set is intended for use as an assayed quality control to monitor the overall performance of the BioPlex 2200 Instrument and BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Reagent Pack in the clinical laboratory. The performance of the BioPlex 2200 EBV IgG Control Set has not been established with any other EBV assays.

Prescription Use: X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use: (Per 21 CFR 801.109) (Optional Format 1-2-96)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)