# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152   
Phone: 410-316-4938   
Fax: 410-316-4499

SEP - 8 2006

# CONTACT NAME:

Janine Matlak, RA Specialist

DATE PREPARED:

July 31, 2006

DEVICE TRADE NAME:

BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System - Moxifloxacin $0 . 0 6 2 5 { \cdot } 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$

DEVICE COMMON NAME:

Antimicrobial susceptibility test system-short incubation

DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

PREDICATE DEVICES:

VITEK® System (PMA No. N50510) and BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System with Gatifloxacin (K020321, May 23, 2002), Ofloxacin (K020323, April 14, 2002), and Levofloxacin (K020322, March 27, 2002).

# INTENDED USE:

The BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System is intended for the rapid identification and in vitro antimicrobial susceptibility testing of isolates from pure culture of most aerobic and facultative anaerobic Gram-negative and Grampositive bacteria of human origin.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System (Phoenix System) is an automated system for the rapidentification (ID)and antimicrobial susceptibility testing (AST)of clinicall relevant bactrial isolates. For testing Streptococcus species the system includes the following components:

BD Phoenix instrument and software. BD Phoenix panels containing biochemicals for organism ID testing and antimicrobial agents or AST determinations. BD Phoenix ID Broth used for performing ID tests and preparing AST Broth inoculum. BD Phoenix AST-S Broth used for performing AST tests only. BD Phoenix AST-S Indicator solution added to the AST Broth to aid in bacterial growth determination.

The Phoenix panel is a sealed and self-inoculating molded polystyrene tray with 136 micro-wells containing dried reagents. Organisms for susceptibility testing must be a pure culture and preliminarily identified as a Gram-negative or Gram-positive isolate. For each isolate, an inoculation equivalent to a 0.5 McFarland standard is prepared in Phoenix ID broth.

The Phoenix AST method is a broth based microdilution test. The Phoenix System utilizes a redox indicator for the detection of organism growth in the presence of an antimicrobial agent. Measurements of changes to the indicator as well as bacterial turbidity are used in the determination of bacterial growth. Each AST panel configuration contains several antimicrobial agents with a wide range of two-fold doubling dilution concentrations.

The instrument houses the panels where they are continuously incubated at a nominal temperature of $3 5 \mathrm { ^ \circ C }$ .The instrument takes readings of the panels every 20 minutes. The readings are interpreted to give an identification of the isolate, minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) values and cateory interpretations, S, I, R or N (susceptible, intermediate, resistant or not susceptible).

# DEVICE COMPARISON:

The BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI reference broth microdilution method. This premarket notification provides data supporting the use of the BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System Streptococcus ID/AST or AST only Phoenix panels with this antimicrobial agent.

# SUMMARY OF SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TESTING:

The BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System has demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared to the CLSI reference broth microdilution method (AST panels prepared according to NCCLS M7). The system has been evaluated as defined in the FDA Draft guidance document, "Class  Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA," February 5, 2003.

# Site Reproducibility

Intra-and inter-site reproducibility of this antimicrobial agent in the BD Phoenix System was evaluated at threesites using a pane of streptococal isolates.Each site tested the isolates in triplcate on three different days using one lot of Streptococcus Phoenix panels containing this antimicrobial agent and associated reagents.

The results of the study demonstrate for the this antimicrobial agent there was an overall intra-site reproducibility of greater than $90 \%$ and an overall inter-site reproducibility greater than $9 5 \%$ for the streptococcal isolates tested.

# Clinical Studies

Clinical, stock and challenge isolates were tested across multiple geographically diverse sites across the United States to demonstrate the performance of the Phoenix antimicrobial susceptibility test with the Streptococcus Phoenix Panel format containing this antimicrobial agent. Phoenix System results for Challenge set isolates were compared to the expected results. Phoenix System results for clinical isolates were compared to the results obtained from the CLSI reference broth microdilution method.

The performance of the Phoenix System was assessed by calculating Essential Agreement (EA) and Category Agreement (CA) to expected/reference results for all isolates tested. Essential Agreement (EA) occurs when the BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System agrees exactly or within + one two-fold dilution to the reference result. Category Agreement (CA) occurs when the BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System agrees with the reference method with respect to the FDA categorical interpretive criteria (susceptible, intermediate, resistant or nonsusceptible).

Table 1 summarizes the performance for the isolates tested in this study.

Table 1: Performance of BD Phoenix System for Streptococcal Organisms by Drug   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA (n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA (n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625-8 µg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions Drawn from Substantial Equivalence Studies

The data collected from the substantial equivalence studies demonstrate that testing on the BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System with this antimicrobial agent is substantialy equivalent as outlined in the FDA draft guidance document, "Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antmicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance or Industry and FDA," February 5, 2003. Technological characteristics of this system are substantially equivalent to those used in the VITEK® system, which received approval by the FDA under PMA number N50510 and BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System with Gatifloxacin (K020321, May 23, 2002), Ofloxacin (K020323, April 14, 2002), and Levofloxacin (K020322, March 27, 2002).

# SUMMARY INFORMATION FOR MOXIFLOXACIN Available Range 0.0625-8 µg/mL

# Performance

# Accuracy

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625-8 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

Testing performed at multiple clinical sites demonstrated $9 5 \%$ reproducibility or greater within $\pm 1$ dilution.

# Breakpoints

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA, CLSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus spp. Other thanStreptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA</td></tr></table>

# Recommended Quality Control Organisms

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MIC Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae ATCC 49619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06-0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA, CLSI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# SEP - 8 2006

Ms. Janine Matlak   
R A Specialist   
BD Diagnostics Systems   
Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152

Re: k062206 Trade/Device Name: BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System Moxifloxacin $( 0 . 0 6 2 5 { \cdot } 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ - Streptococcus ID/AST or AST Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Devices Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: July 31, 2006 Received: August 1, 2006

Dear Ms. Matlak:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall aon

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Page l of 1

510(k) Number: KU2206

Device Name: BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System for use with the antimicrobial agent moxifloxacin (0.0625-8 ug/mL) - Streptococcus ID/AST or AST only Phoenix Panels.

Indications for Use:

The BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System is intended for in vitro quantitative determination of antimicrobial susceptibility by minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of most Gram-negative aerobic and facultativeanaerobic bacteria isolates from pure culture for Enterobacteriaceae and Non-Enterobacteriaceae and most Gram-positive bacteria isolates from pure culture belonging to the genera Staphylococcus , Enterococcus, and Streptococcus.

This premarket notification is or the addition of the antimicrobial agent moxifloxacin at concentrations of 0.0625-8 μg/mL to Streptococcus ID/AST or AST only Phoenix panels. Moxifloxacin has been shown to be active in vitro against most strains of microorganisms listed below, as described in the FDA-approved package insert for this antimicrobial agent.

# Active In Vitro and in Clinical Infections Against:

Streptococcus anginosus   
Streptococcus constellatus   
Streptococcus pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant strains [MDRSP])   
Streptococcus pyogenes

# Active In Vitro Against:

Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus viridans group

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off furedrfod Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) 1062206