Ms. Cynthia C. Knapp Director Lab Services TREK Diagnostic Systems Inc. Magellan Biosciences 982 Keynote Circle, Suite 6 Cleveland, OH 44131

# DEC 2 0 2006

Re: k062841 Trade/Device Name: Sensititre® Haemophilus influenzae/Streptococcus species MIC Susceptibility Plates Daptomycin $( 0 . 0 3 - 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JWY, LRG Dated: December 14, 2006 Received: December 18, 2006

Dear Ms. Knapp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jally ain

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

5101k) N Ko 624

Device Name: Sensititre $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Haemophilus influenzae / Streptococcus species MIC Susceptibility plates, Daptomycin $( 0 . 0 3 { - } 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

# Indications For Use:

The Sensititre® Haemophilus influenzae/Streptococcus species plates are in vitro diagnostic products for quantitatively and or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies of Haemophilus influenzae and Streptococcus species from clinical specimens. Plates can either be read manually or automatically on the Sensititre Autoreader and/or ARIS with Streptococcus species and manually with H.influenzae.

This 510(k) is for the addition of Streptococcus spps. to Daptomycin $( \mathbf { 0 . 0 3 - } 3 2 \mu \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { m L } )$ for use with the Sensititre Haemophilus influenzae/Streptococcus pneumoniae (HP) MIC Susceptibility Plates.

The approved primary "indications for use" and clinical significance of Daptomycin is for:

Aerobic facultative Gram-positive microorganisms   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus pyogenes   
Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. equisimilis

Prescription Use __X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use

(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

(21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Sulola Hee of Hn Waro Diagnostie Device loian and Safety )K062841