$$
\{ 0 \in 3 \dot { \omega } \geq 3
$$

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jolyn Tenllado   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
December 4, 2006

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

B. Device Name: Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-GP Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Telithromycin for Streptococcus pneumoniae (K053186).

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus pneumoniae. It is intended for use with the VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { o } } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. The antimicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (M1C) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK 2 System automatically fils, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK 2 Compact has a manual filling and sealing operation. The VITEK 2 monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours).At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSl broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA, Issued Feb. 5, 2003.

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates and stock challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae by coparing its perforance with the CL broth microdilution reference methodThe data i representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms, as evidenced in the AST equivalency study presented in the VITEK 2 Compact 510(k), K050002. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Amoxicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae demonstrated acceptable perfomance of 97.3% overall Essential Agreement and 92.9% overall Category Agreement. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

Ms. Jolyn Tenllado   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist JAN 1 1 2007 BioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, M0 63042-2320

Re: k063623 Trade/Device Name: VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Devices Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: December 4, 2006 Received: December 6, 2006

Dear Ms. Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devics that avebeen relassifi incordnce wih the provisions ftheFederal FoodDrug and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification.The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

fall, atin

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (f known): K 0 63263

Device Name: ViTEK® 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 ~ \mu g / \mathrm { m l } )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus pneumoniae. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Meropenem for Streptococcus pneumoniae is a quantitative test. It is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents.

The VITEK ${ \mathfrak { o } } _ { 2 }$ Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gramnegative bacili, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus agalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.