# 510(k) Summary Information:

Device Manufacturer: Dade Behring Inc.   
Contact name: Shannon Popson, Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Phone/Fax: 916-374-3330/916-374-3144   
Date prepared: September 20, 2006   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels Trade Name: MicroScan MICroSTREP plus® Panel   
Intended Use: To determine bacterial susceptibility to Cefuroxime   
Indication for Use: For determining antimicrobic susceptibility with aerobic streptococci, including Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Predicate device: MicroScan MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \otimes }$ Panel (K020820)

# 510(k) Summary:

The MicroScan MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \circledast }$ Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility o colonies grown on solid mediaof aerobic streptococci, including Streptococcus pneumoniae. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 20  24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / .$ . $1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non-CO2 incubator, and read acording to the Package Insert.

The antimicrobial susceptibility tests are miniaturizations of the broth dilution susceptibility test. Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in water, buffer or minute concentrations of broth to concentrations bridging the range of clinical interest. Panels are rehydrated with $1 1 5 \mu \mathrm { l }$ MuellerHinton broth supplemented with $2 . 5 \%$ lysed horse blood (LHB) and buffered with $5 0 \mathrm { m M }$ HEPES, after inoculation of the broth with a standardized suspension of the organism in saline. After incubation in a non-CO2 incubator for 20-24 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is manually read by observing the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth. Additionally, the panels may be incubated in and read by a MicroScan® WalkAway instrument.

The proposed instrument read method for the MicroScan MICroSTREP plus® Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance with streptococcal isolates when compared with an expected result generated on a CLSI frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document "Class I Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", dated February 5, 2003.

This Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of reading the MICroSTREP plus® Panel with Cefuroxime on the MicroScan® WalkAway instrment

The external evaluation was conducted with stock and CDC Challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed instrument read method for the MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \circledast }$ Panel by comparing its performance with Expected Results determined before the evaluation. The MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \circledast }$ Panel demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Essential Agreement of $9 8 . 1 \%$ for Cefuroxime instrument read results compared with the Expected Result.

Instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated acceptable reproducibility and precision with Vancomcyin and the WalkAway® instrument.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for Cefuroxime.

Ms. Shannon Popson   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Dade Behring, Inc.   
1584 Enterprise Boulevard   
West Sacramento, CA 95691-9972

Re: k063053 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan MICroSTREP plus® Panel Cefuroxime $( 0 . 1 2 - 8 \mathrm { m c g / m l } )$ E Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866,1640$ Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LRG, LTT Dated: September 20, 2006 Received: October 4, 2006

Dear Ms. Poposon:

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally an

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

(To be assigned by FDA)

Device Name:

MicrScan MICroSTREP plus® Panel Cefuroxime $( 0 . 1 2 - 8 \mathrm { m c g / m l } )$

# Intended Use

To determine bacterial antimicrobial agent susceptibility

Indications for Use:

The MicroScan MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \textsuperscript { \textregistered } }$ Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of aerobic streptococci, including Streptococcus pneumoniae. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 20 - 24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / . \mathrm { ~ 1 } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non-CO2 incubator, and read visually according to the Package Insert. Additionally, the panels may be incubated in and read by a MicroScan® WalkAway instrument.

This particular submission is for the addition of instrument read capability of the antimicrobial Cefuroxime, at concentrations of 0.12 to $8 \mathrm { m c g / m l }$ on the MicroScan MICroSTREP $p l u s ^ { \circledast }$ Panel.

The organisms which may be used for Cefuroxime susceptibility testing in this panel are:

Streptococcus pneumoniae

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Luseh Pacy Page 1 of _1_ Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) k063053 viii