# AUG 3 0 2007

# 510 (k) Summary

D. 1 ype or 1 est: Cell culture method, by immunofluorescence using fluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies (MAbs)

E. Applicant: Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. 350 West State Street Athens, OHIO 45701 Tel. 740-593-1784 Fax. 740-597-1546 Contact person: Gail R. Goodrum

F. Proprietary and Established Names: $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Varicella-Zoster Virus Identification Kit Common Name: DFA (Direct Fluorescent Antibody) test kit for the identification of VZV in cell cultures inoculated with patient specimens

# G. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 866.3900 antiserum, cf, varicella-zoster   
2. Classification: Class II   
3. Product code: GQX   
4. Panel: Microbiology (83)

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended use(s): The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc D3 DFA Varicella-zoster Virus Identification Kit is intended for use in the qualitative detection of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) in cell cultures by immunofluorescence using fluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies (MAbs). Negative results do not preclude an infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decision. Performance testing has not been done on direct patient specimen testing.

2. Indication(s) for use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc D3 DFA Varicella-zoster Virus Identification Kit is intended for use in the qualitative detection of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) in cell cultures by immunofluorescence using fluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies

(MAbs). Negative results do not preclude an infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decision. Performance testing has not been done on direct patient specimen testing.

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): For prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements:

Fluorescence microscope with the correct filter combination for FITC (excitation peak $: = 4 9 0 \ \mathrm { n m }$ , emission peak $= 5 2 0 \mathrm { n m }$

# I. Device Description:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. D3 DFA VARICELLA-ZOSTER IDENTIFICATION KIT includes a DFA Reagent that contains a blend of two fluorescein-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against VZV antigens. The kit includes the following components:

Kit Components:

VZV DFA Reagent. A blend of two fluorescein labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against a recombinant glycoprotein E (gE) from the Ellen strain of VZV. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evan's Blue as a counter-stain and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.   
Mounting Fluid. An aqueous, buffered, stabilized solution of glycerol and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide.   
VZV Antigen Control Slides. Individually packaged control slides containing wells with cell culture derived positive and negative control cells. Each VZV Positive well is identified. The Negative wells contain uninfected cells. Each slide is intended to be stained only one time.   
PBS Concentrate. One bottle containing a $4 0 \mathrm { x }$ concentrate consisting of $4 \%$ EPY sodium azide in Phosphate Buffered Saline (after dilution to 1X with water, the concentration of sodium azide in the solution is $0 . 1 \%$

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): 1. Light Diagnotics Varicella-zoster (VZV) Direct Immunofluorescence Assay (DFA) 2. Light Diagnostics Simulfluor HSV/VZV Immunofluorescence Assay Predicate 510(k) number(s): 1. K951799 2. K990141

3. Comparison with predicate:

The similarities to predicate devices are in indicated use, operating principle, basic design, materials and formulation.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1900Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative detectionof Varicella-Zoster Virus(VZV) in cultures byimmunofluorescence using</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. The Light Diagnotics Varicella-zoster(VZV) Direct Immunofluorescence Assay(DFA) is intended for the qualitativedetection and identification of GPI and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a Item </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fluoresceinated monoclonalantibodies (MAb's).Negative results do notpreclude an infection andshould not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatmentor other managementdecision. Performancetesting has not been done ondirect patient specimentesting.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">immediate early antigen of VZV fromvesicular lesions. The kit is intended foruse in culture confirmation with standardtube cultures and shell vials and ispresumptive in the detection andidentification of VZV from directspecimens.2. The Light Diagnostics SimulfluorHSV/VZV Immunofluorescence Assay isintended for the simultaneous detectionand identification of herpes simplexviruses (HSV) 1 and 2 and varicella-zoster virus (VZV) from patients withvesicular, oral, genital, or skin lesions,using direct specimens and cultureconfirmation. Specimens found to benegative on direct specimen examinationmust be confirmed with culture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Basic principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFA (Direct FluorescentAntibody) test -Immunofluorescence usingfluoresceinated monoclonalantibodies (MAbs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. DFA (Direct Fluorescent Antibody)test-Immunofluorescence usingfluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies.2.DFA (Direct Fluorescent Antibody)test-Immunofluorescence usingfluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blend of murine monoclonalantibodies (MAbs) directedagainst two antigenic sites onthe VZV recombinantprotein, glycoprotein E.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicates 1 and 2: Blend of murinemonoclonal antibodies (MAbs) directedagainst two antigens, glycoprotein I andthe immediate early antigen of VZV.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation(required but notprovided)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence microscopewith the filter combinationfor FITC (excitation peak =490 nm, emission peak =520nm).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence microscope with filtercombination for FITC (excitation peak =490 nm, emission peak = 520nm).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swabs of lesion specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swabs of lesion specimens</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

N/A

# L. Test Principle:

The test kit uses viral antigen-specific murine monoclonal antibodies that are directly labeled with fluorescein for rapid detection and identification of VZV.

The cells to be tested, derived from cell culture, are fixed in acetone. The VZV DFA Reagent is added to the cells to determine the presence of viral antigens. After

incubating at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ to $3 7 \mathrm { ^ \circ C }$ , the stained cells are rinsed with the diluted PBS Concentrate, a drop of the supplied Mounting Fluid is added and a coverslip is placed on the prepared cells. The cells are examined using a fluorescence microscope. VZV-infected cells will be stained with viral specific apple-green fluorescence when stained with the VZV DFA Reagent while uninfected cells will contain no fluorescence but will be stained dull red by the Evan's Blue counter-stain.

# Interpretation of results:

It is recommended that controls be examined first to ensure proper test performance before examination of the specimens. A positive reaction is one in which bright apple-green fluorescence is observed in the infected cells. Uninfected cells will stain dull red due to the Evan's Blue counter-stain included in the VZV DFA Reagent. If no fluorescent cells are found, report result as, "No varicella-zoster virus detected. If fluorescent cells are found, report result as, "varicella-zoster virus isolated by cell culture".

Technologists should not confuse the dried out edge of monolayer or cell clumps which may brightly fluoresce due to entrapment of antibody with virus-specific staining. Occasionally, dead, rounded cells due to specimen toxicity or improper cell storage may nonspecifically stain a dull olive green due to trapped antibody.

Adequate humidity while staining and adequate washing between steps will help to eliminate this type of nonspecific staining.

# M. Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

Analytical performance:   
a. Precision/Reproducibility: Not applicable   
b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable   
C. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): Not applicable   
d. Detection limit: The Predicate and Subject MAbs were compared by inoculating 96-well cell culture plates with the appropriate virus stock at a level of $ { 1 - \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } }$ per well. The plates were incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 48 hours and then stained with either the Subject Kit or the Predicate Kit. All plates were stained according to the product inserts. This assay was performed 4 times with an average of 21.8 and 22.3 positive wells for the Subject and Predicate kits, respectively. The results indicate no statistical difference between the Subject and Predicate kits by a paired t-test. Analytical specificity: The VZV DFA Reagent was tested for cross-reactivity against a wide variety of cells and microorganisms. No cross-reactivity was observed for 55 virus strains (cultured and processed for staining) or for 20 host culture cell types. Twenty-seven (27) bacterial cultures and one (1) yeast culture were stained and examined for cross-reactivity, including Staphylococcus aureus, a proteinA-producing bacterium. Staining of S. aureus appeared as small points of

fluorescence while all other bacterial cultures were negative. [Protein A will specifically bind to the Fc portions of conjugated antibodies. Such binding can be distinguished from viral antigen binding on the basis of morphology, i.e., S. aureus-bound fluorescence appears as small ( ${ \bf \tilde { \rho } } ^ { - 1 }$ micron diameter), bright dots. No cross-reactivity was observed for the other 26 bacterial cultures or for the one yeast culture.

Stringent conditions for cross-reactivity testing were achieved by using a high concentration of the VZV DFA Reagent and relatively high titers of microorganisms. The DFA Reagent was prepared at 1.5X the concentration that is provided in the kit. Viruses were prepared as infected cell monolayers (150 to $2 1 0 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ viruses, depending on the particular virus, were inoculated into a shell vial culture and incubated for 24 to 48 hours, to yield a $^ { 3 + }$ to $^ { 4 + }$ infection), and processed and stained with the 1.5X DFAs according to the procedure detailed in the product inserts. Some viruses were tested as commercially prepared slides. Bacterial strains were cultured, processed as suspensions, then spotted on microscope slides (at CFU's ranging from $6 . 4 \dot { \bf x } 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $\dot { 6 } \mathbf { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 } / \mathrm { w e l l }$ in a $1 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ dot, depending on the bacterium), then stained with the 1.5X DFAs according to the procedure in the product insert. Cell cultures were stained as confluent monolayers.

Virus Strains Tested for Cross Reactivity with VZV DFA Reagent   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain orType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InoculumConcentration(TCID50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain orType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InoculumConcentration(TCID5m)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Long</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-35</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Commerciallyavailable slidesstained.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Greer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C 243</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CWOH 0026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CWOH 0015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aichi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MacIntyre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hong Kong</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denver</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Towne</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Port Chalmers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Davis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Commerciallyavailable slidesstained.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hong Kong</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maryland</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Taiwan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Russia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercially</td></tr></table>

Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Poliovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Commerciallyavailable slidesstained.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B2</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>available slidesstained.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Poliovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Poliovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barr</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Commercially available slidesstained.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>Coxsackievirus        B5Coxsackievirus        B6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubeola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps</td></tr></table>

Cell Lines Tested for Cross Reactivity with VZV DFA Reagent

Bacteria and Yeast Tested for Cross Reactivity with VZV DFA Reagent   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mv1Lu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BGMK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HFF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RhMK II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEp-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>McCoy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R-Mix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LLC-MK2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCI-H292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vero</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDCK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCMK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WI-38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRC-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pRhMK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vero 76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRHF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pRK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BACTERIA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CFU TESTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.7 x 10^{}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.7 x 105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.6 x 106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.5 x 106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.6 x 10^{}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">5.0 x 10^{}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilis influenzae type A</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.3 x 10^{}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6.4 x 106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1 x 106$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.0 x 107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enteriditis</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.5 x 10}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella typhimurium</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.7 x 106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.0 x 107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.6 x 106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8.0 x 10^}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.9 x 107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acholeplasma laidlawi</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">~6x107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">~6 x 104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma orale</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">~6x10^4$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">~6x 104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma salivarium</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">~6x107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ureaplasma uralyticum</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">~6 x104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">These were procured as prepared slides:</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Proportion of cells reactive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 to 50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 to 50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YEAST</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.7 x 10</td></tr></table>

f. Assay cut-off: Not applicable

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device:

This study included two hundred and fifty-four (254) prospectively collected specimens submitted for Varicella-zoster virus culture. Each specimen was evaluated by $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA VZV Identification Kit and a currently marketed Varicellazoster virus identification kit (comparison device). Tube cultures were tested as evidence of infection (e.g. CPE) was observed; if no evidence of infection was observed after 14-days, the tubes were tested at that time. Shell vial and multiwell plate cultures were tested at a minimum of 72-hours. All 254 specimens were cultured; however, 3 of the specimens were not evaluated because they produced toxic cell culture monolayers, leaving a total of 251 specimens to be included in the Performance Characteristics. The evaluations were conducted at three laboratory sites. Percent Agreement between the ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ DFA VZV and comparison tests was calculated and tabulated for all tested specimens. These results are summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Percent Agreement of All Tests</td><td>Comparison Device</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">D^3 DFA VZV</td><td>+</td><td>+ 42</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>0</td><td>208</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Positive Percent Agreement ² (PPA) $100 \%$ ] EPY $9 5 \%$ CI 3- PPA $91 . 6 \%$ to $100 \%$   
Negative Percent Agreement 4 (NPA) $9 9 . 5 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI -NPA $9 7 . 3 \%$ to $9 9 . 9 \%$

b. Matrix comparison: n/a

3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity: Not applicable.   
b. Clinical specificity: Not applicable.   
C. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not applicable.   
4. Clinical cut-off: Not applicable   
5. Expected values/Reference range:

The clinical studies used only specimens collected and cultured for the presence of VZV. Most of the specimen types used in the clinical studies were swabs taken from skin lesions (with two taken as respiratory specimens (NP) and one CSF). Specimens were taken from the following body sites (and presented as # positive/# specimens).

Specimen sources   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genital +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penis +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cervical +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rectal +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>berineum** +/Tota</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eyelid +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Face +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouth* +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skin‡ +/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP+/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF/Brain +/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=15>mouth:mouth, lip, tongue, gum, throat**perineum: groin, buttock, gluteal, coccyx, sacral, pubic, perianal*skin: skin lesion, skin, finger, wrist, chest, axilla, abdomen, thigh, blister</td></tr></table>

Demographics by age and gender for the specimens that were tested at the 3 study sites are tabulated below. Of the specimens evaluated in these studies (which had been submitted to the laboratories as swabs taken from lesions for both HSV and VZV testing), a large proportion were from patients between the ages of 18 and 40. The specimen demographics are listed in the Table below.

Demographics by Age and Gender   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1Values are# pos / total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2Values are# pos / total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3Values are# pos / total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTALS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2y to 10y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10y to18y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18y to 40y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;40y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age not reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age/gender not reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td></tr></table>

# AUG 3 0 2007

Gail R. Goodrum   
Vice President, Regulatory and Quality Affairs DIAGNOTIC HYBRIDS, INC.   
350 West State Street   
Athens, OH 45701

Re: k070206 Trade/Device Name: $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Varicella-zoster Virus Identification Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3900 Regulation Name: Varicella-zoster virus Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GQW Dated: July 27, 2007 Received: July 31, 2007

Dear Ms. Goodrum:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to v vi  l and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) peare otiatThe Agustnal equivaencourevice  ay mark slrvnh  orv to proceed to the market.

I yo des peavic r yourdevi  abelg reglatn (1 R Par 801) p contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall attoyJ

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _K070206_

Device Name: Diagnostic Hybrids D³DFA Varicella-zoster Virus Identification Kit

Indications for Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc D3 DFA Varicella-zoster Virus Identification Kit is intended for use in the qualitative detection of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) in cell cultures by immunofluorescence using fluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies (MAbs). Negative results do not preclude an infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decision.

Performance testing has not been done on direct patient specimen testing.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

We Sinf Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) k070206