# 510(k) SUMMARY

# K070747 APR 2 3 2007

# Submitted By:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7910 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Submission Contact:

Jennifer Hankard

Date Prepared:

March 16, 2007

Device Trade Name:

QuickVue® RSV test

Common Name:

Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Test

Predicate Device:

QuickVue® RSV test (K061008)

Device Classification/Name:

21 CFR 866.3480 / Respiratory syncytial virus serological reagents

These tests are used to aid in the diagnosis of disease caused by respiratory syncytial viruses and provides epidemiological information on these diseases (21 CFR 866.3480). The Food and Drug Administration has classified serological test systems for the detection of respiratory syncytial virus as Class I.

# Intended Use:

The QuickVue RSV test is a dipstick immunoassay which allows for the rapid, qualitative detection of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) antigen (viral fusion protein) directly from nasopharyngeal swab, nasopharyngeal aspirate, or nasal/nasopharyngeal wash specimens for symptomatic pediatric patients (eighteen years of age and younger). The test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of acute respiratory syncytial viral infections. It is recommended that negative test results be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude RSV infection and it is recommended that they not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use.

# Physiologic Basis of the Test:

Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a single stranded (negative strand) RNA virus of the Paramyxoviridae family. It is the causative agent of a highly contagious, acute, viral infection of the respiratory tract. Nearly half of all children become infected by their first year of life. It is also the major viral cause of nosocomial illness in children already hospitalized for other reasons. In the United States, RSV is estimated to be responsible for 73,400 to 126,300 hospitalizations annually for bronchiolitis and pneumonia alone among children younger than 1 year. In children hospitalized with RSV infection, it is believed to be the most common viral cause of death in children younger than 5 years, particularly in children younger than one year. Among children hospitalized with RSV infection, the mortality rate is estimated to be as low as $0 . 3 \%$ to $1 . 0 \%$ of hospitalized children and in the range of $2 . 5 \%$ to $4 . 0 \%$ for hospitalized children with underlying cardiac or pulmonary disease.

The QuickVue® RSV test is a lateral-flow immunoassay using highly sensitive monoclonal antibodies that are specific for RSV antigens. The test is specific to RSV antigen with no known cross-reactivity to normal flora or other known respiratory pathogens.

# Device Description:

Nasopharyngeal swabs, nasopharyngeal aspirate, and nasal/nasopharyngeal wash serve as specimens for this test. The patient specimen is placed in a tube containing Extraction Reagent, during which time the virus particles in the specimen are disrupted, exposing internal viral antigens. After extraction, the Test Strip is placed in the Extraction Tube for 15 minutes. During this time, the extracted specimen will react with the reagents in the Test Strip.

If the extracted specimen contains RSV antigens, a pink-to-red Test Line along with a blue procedural Control Line will appear on the Test Strip. If RSV viral antigens are not present, or present at very low levels, only a blue procedural Control Line will appear. If no blue procedural Control Line develops, the result is considered invalid.

# Device Comparison:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickVue® RSV test(Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickVue® RSV test(K061008)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QuickVue RSV test is a dipstickimmunoassay which allows for therapid, qualitative detection ofrespiratory syncytial virus (RSV)antigen (viral fusion protein) directlyfrom nasopharyngeal swab,nasopharyngeal aspirate, ornasal/nasopharyngeal washspecimens for symptomatic pediatricpatients (eighteen years of age andyounger). The test is intended foruse as an aid in the diagnosis ofacute respiratory syncytial viralinfections. It is recommended thatnegative test results be confirmed bycell culture. Negative results do notpreclude RSV infection and it isrecommended that they not be usedas the sole basis for treatment orother management decisions. Thetest is intended for professional andlaboratory use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QuickVue RSV test is a dipstickimmunoassay which allows for therapid, qualitative detection ofrespiratory syncytial virus (RSV)antigen (viral fusion protein) directlyfrom nasopharyngeal swab ornasopharyngeal aspirate specimensfor symptomatic pediatric patients(eighteen years of age and younger).The test is intended for use as an aidin the diagnosis of acute respiratorysyncytial viral infections. It isrecommended that negative testresults be confirmed by cell culture.Negative results do not precludeRSV infection and it is recommendedthat they not be used as the solebasis for treatment or othermanagement decisions. The test isintended for professional andlaboratory use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal swab,Nasopharyngeal aspirate, andNasal/nasopharyngeal wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal swab andNasopharyngeal aspirate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extract / Elute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction reagent used forswab/aspirate/wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction reagent used forswab/aspirate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read Result Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral-flow immunoassay dipstick</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral-flow immunoassay dipstick</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedural Control LineClearing of background</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedural Control LineClearing of background</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV swabRSV negative swab coated withStreptococcus C antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV swabRSV negative swab coated withStreptococcus C antigen</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

A multi-center field clinical study was undertaken to document the performance characteristics of the test. Sensitivity, specificity and overall accuracy were calculated using nasal/nasopharyngeal wash specimens compared to viral culture.

# Conclusion:

This study demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the QuickVue® RSV test with the addition of the nasal/nasopharyngeal wash specimen type to existing products already marketed. This study further demonstrated the suitability of the product for professional and laboratory use.Clinical studies are a critical element in establishing the fundamental safety and effectiveness of the product and its appropriateness for commercial distribution.

Jennifer Hankard Regulatory Affairs Manager Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, CA 92121

# APR 2 3 2007

Re: k070747 Trade/Device Name: QuickVue® RSV Test Regulation Number: 21CFR 866.3480 Regulation Name: Respiratory syncytial virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GQG Dated: March 16, 2007 Received: March 19, 2007

Dear Ms. Hankard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jally atin

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K 070747

Device Name:

# QuickVue® RSV test

Indications for Use:

The QuickVue RSV test is a dipstick immunoassay which allows for the rapid, qualitative detection of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) antigen (viral fusion protein) directly from nasopharyngeal swab, nasopharyngeal aspirate, or nasal/nasopharyngeal wash specimens for symptomatic pediatric patients (eighteen years of age and younger). The test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of acute respiratory syncytial viral infections. It is recommended that negative test results be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude RSV infection and it is recommended that they not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use.