# SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

# IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION

SUBMITTER'S INFORMATION

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.20.

SUBMITTER'S NAME AND ADDRESS: Meridian BiosCienCe, InC. 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, OH 45244

PHONE NUMBER: (513) 271-3700

FAX NUMBER: (513) 272-5213

CONTACT PERsON: SuSan Rolih Official Correspondent

DATE SUMMARY PREPARED: September 27, 2007

TRADE NAME: TRU RSV

COMMoN NAME:Rapid, qualitative lateral-flow immunoassay for the detection of Respiratory Syncytial Virus antigens.

CLASSIFICATION NAME: Antigen, CF (including CF control), Respiratory Syncytial Virus

REGULATION: 866.3480

# INTENDED USES:

TRU RSV is a rapid, qualitative, lateral-flow immunoassay for the detection of Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) antigens (fusion protein or nucleoprotein) in human nasal wash, nasopharyngeal aspirate, and nasal and nasopharyngeal swab samples. It is designed to test specimens from symptomatic patients aged 5 years or less.A negative result does not preclude RSV infection. It is recommended that all negative test results be confirmed by cell culture.

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

TRU RSV is a modification of, and is intended to detect the same analytes as, ImmunoCard STAT! RSV PLUS (K041445), manufactured by Meridian Bioscience, Inc.

# BACKGROUND:

Rspiratoy SyncyalVi(RV)ishemostmporant cause eoiaan ronchilinfant an small children. Approximately 90,000 children are hospitalized each year due to RSV in the USA alone. Hospitalization due to RSV is more frequently associated with children that have underlying disease or preatue bi.Mortalit ras etiated ebetweenan % hilen hat aeosptaliz w RSVRSV isalsobeig ecogniz more equent ascause  siian respratoy ean theeey. RSV caus a widergerespiratorysymptoms hat cn efficult stinguis cnically from syps cl pat hin anhebility evis surviv ourvental ura hs asa serious cause f nosocomial infection.RV can be detected inhuman respiratory samples by a varey methods including, immunofluorescent assay and enzyme immunoassay. Although is stil considered the diagnostic test standard requires acilites andmay takea week tocompleemmuofluorescent antybased tests are reasonably sensitive, yet highly dependent on specimen qualiy and preparation. Enzyme and microparticle-based immunoassays have become one the most frequently used methods for the detection o

RSV.TRU RSV is a lateral flow-based immunoassay for the rapid detection of RSV in human respiratory Te s  ve opl vat assist the physician in determining a course of action.

# Type of test

TRU RSV is a rapid, single-use, qualitative lateral-flow immunoassay screening test.

# Specimen type

The following specimens have been found compatible with TRU RSV.

1. Nasal wash   
2. Nasopharyngeal aspirate   
3. Nasopharyngeal swab   
4. Nasal swab

# Conditions for use

TRU RSV is designed for use by laboratory professionals under the normal environmental conditions.Ine assay is stored at 2-25 C. Reagents must be at room temperature (20-25 C) to perform testing. Normal laboratory lighting, humidity and temperature do not affect the performance of the assay.

# Contraindications

There are no contraindications associated with the use of this product.

Special instrument requirements No instruments are used with this product.

# Combination with other medical devices

No other medical devices are used in combination with this device.

Table 1. Comparison charts TRU RSV vs Predicate Device.   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TRU RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoCard STAT! RSV PLUS(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single use, rapid, lateral flowimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single use, rapid, lateral flowimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro diagnostic device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excludes external controlreagent (purchased separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excludes external control reagent(purchased separately)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of RSV antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Screening test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostic test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identification test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitoring therapy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab -- Nasal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab - Nasopharyngeal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash -- Nasal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirate - Nasopharyngeal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents/ComponentsProvided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrocellulose test strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (attached to plasticholder/tube closure)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (enclosed in plastic frame)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (supplied as dried bead inConjugate Tube)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (supplied in conjugate padattached to test strip)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reading Guide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (part of plastic holder/tubeclosure)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (part of plastic frame)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample Diluent/NegativeControl (external)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Internal procedural control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>External positive control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No (purchased separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No (purchased separately)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Source of RSV antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture: Murine monoclonalanti-RSV (antibodies to fusionprotein and nucleoprotein)Detector: Murine monoclonalanti-RSV (antibodies to fusionprotein and nucleoprotein)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture: Murine monoclonal anti-RSV (antibodies to fusion proteinand nucleoprotein)Detector: Murine monoclonal anti-RSV (antibodies to fusion proteinand nucleoprotein)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison ofassay steps*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TRU RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoCard STAT! RSV PLUS(Predicate)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral-flow, colloidal gold-based immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Strip (nitrocellulose membrane with immobilized capture antibody).Top end is inserted into plastic frame or holder.2Conjugate Tube containing antibody- colloidal gold conjugate (lyophilizedbead)Sample Diluent/Negative ControlExternal Positive Control sold separately as adjunct reagent</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Reagents</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>capture antibody, conjugate pad with colloidal gold particle-linkeddetector antibody, plastic frame with reading/reaction window andsample port).Sample Diluent/Negative ControlExteral Positive Control sold separately as adjunct reagent.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal washNasopharyngeal aspirateNasal swabsNasopharyngeal swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.Nasal washNasopharyngeal aspirateNasal swabsNasopharyngeal swabs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equipment Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level of skill required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complexity: Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complexity: CLIA Waived</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay steps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. Add 100 uL Sample Diluent to the Conjugate Tube.Add 100 uL sample to the Conjugate Tube and mix.3.Insert Test Strip to Conjugate Tube.Press down on cap of Test Strip to seal Conjugate Tube.Incubate 15 min, 20-25 C.6.Read at end of incubation using guide on holder..</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1Add 4 drops Sample Diluent to a test tube.2Add 150 μL sample and mix.Add 150 pL diluted specimen to Test Device.Incubate 15 min, 20-25 C.Read at end of incubation using guide at reaction window.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>End point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance of pink-red color at Test and/or Control lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appearance of pink-red color at Test and/or Control lines</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation of testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Positive = appearance of pink-red lines at Test and Control Line positions(indicates presence of RSV antigens)Negative = no test line color with pink-red Control Line (indicates absence ofRSV antigens)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S Positive = appearance of pink-ed ines at Test and Control Line posiions(indicates presence of RSV antigens)Negative = no test line color with pink-red Control Line (indicates absenceof RSV antigens)</td></tr></table>

  
•

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION AND TECHNOLOGICAL PRINCIPLES

# Reagents

TRU RSV is distributed as a test kit that includes the following reagents:

Test Strip: test strip attached to a plastic frame or holder enclose in a foil pouch with desiccnt. The test strip carries monoclonal anti-RSV capture antibodies (to fusion proteins and nucleoproteins) for the test lnes.The holder is used to stopper the Conjugate Tube.The paddle portion of the holder indicates where test and control lines should appear.   
2. Conjugate Tube:A capped plastic tube containing a conjugate bead.The tube is enclosed in a foil pouch.The conjugate consists of gold-conjugated anti-RsV (to fusion proteins and nucleoproteins), which serves as the detector antibodies.   
3. Sample Diluent/Negative Control: A buffered protein solution provided in a dropper vial. Sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 4 \% )$ added as a preservative. Use as supplied.   
4. Plastic transfer pipettes with 50, 100, 200 and 300 µL volume marks.

# Equipment needed to use the device

There is no equipment needed to use this device.

# Interfering substances

Whole blood, at concentrations greater than 2.9% may interfere with the interpretation of test results. Chlorpheniramine maleate at concentrations greater than $1 . 7 \ m g / \ m L$ may cause false-positive test results.

# Calibrators

There are no calibrators used with this device.

# Controls

The assay includes an internal procedural CoNTROL line that is used to determine if the test has been performed correctly, proper flow occurred and that reagents were reactive at the time of use. A clean background around the RSV TEST and CONTROL lines also serves as a procedural control.Control or test lines that are obscured by a heavy background color may invalidate the test and may be an indation of reagent deterioration, use of an inappropriate sample or improper test performance.

Positive Control Reagent is supplied separately. It is used in parallel with Sample Diluent/Negative Control as external controls. These reagents also serve as indicators that the test was performed correy, that the capture and detector antioies were active at he time of use, and that themembrane supports proper sample flow.

Failure of the internal and external controls to produce the expected results suggests the test was not performed correctly i, incorrect volume of reagents added; incorrect incubation temperature or tmes used or that reagents were not brought to room temperature prior to testing).

# Technological principles

TRU RSV is a single use capture immunoassay to detection RSV in human samples. The test consists of a Conjugate Tube, a Test Strip and Sample Diluent.The Conjugate Tube contains a lyophilized bead colloidal gold-linked monoclonal antibodies to RSV fusion protein and nucleoprotein (detector antibodies). The Test Strip carries a nitrocellulose membrane with dried capture antibodies placed at a designated Test Line for RSV. The Test Strip holder caps the Conjugate Tube during testing and subsequent disposal to reduce exposure to potential pathogens.

The conjugate bead is irst rehydrated in he Conjugate Tube with Sample DiluentPatient sample  he added, the contents mixed and the Test Strip added. If RSV antigens are present, they first bind to the monoclonal antibody-coloidal gold conjugate. When the sample migrates up the Test Strip to the Test Li the antigen-conjugate complex is bound to the capture antibody, yielding a pink-red lnWhen o antigen is present, no complexes are formed and no pink-red line appears at the Test Line.An internal conrol ne helps determine whether adequate fowhas occurred through the Test Strip during a test run. A visble pink-ed line at the Control position f the Tet Strip should be present each time a specimeno control is tested. If no pink-red control line is seen, the test is considered invalid.

# PERFORMANCE EVALUATION - CLINICAL/FIELD TRIALS

# Study Objective

A clinical/field study was conducted to demonstrate that TRU RSV was substantially equivalent in performance to the standard reference method  tissue culture  in a clinical laboratory setting using samples submitted for RSV testing.

# Investigational plan

Clinical studiesevaluated the performance of TRU RSV against tissue culture in the laboratory setting. Four independent laboratories in different geographic of the US and the manufacturer's laboratory tested a total of 625 samples from symptomatic patients under 5 years of age and that had been submitted for RSV testing. Three hundred four of the samples were collected during the 2006-07 season and tested fresh, while 321 were tested as frozen/thawed samples. Frozen samples were collected during the 2006- 0 and earler seasons and tested by tissue culture before freezing.Samples were evenly distributed among male and female patients.Samples that produced different test results in TRU RSV than in tissue culture were tested by direct specimen fluorescence assay (DSFA) or by a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay. Those found to be RSV positive by DSFA or PCR are indicated in the postscripts to the tables below.

# Sample population and selection

The sample population used in this study included respiratory samples from patients 5 years or less provided the samples had been submitted for RSV testing. Such samples were assumed to be from symptomatic patients.The sample types included nasal wash, nasopharyngeal aspirate and throat, nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs.

# Influence of other disease states

There is no influence by other disease states on test results.

# Patient exclusion criteria

Samples from asymptomatic patients were excluded from the trials. Patients, whose specimens were submitted to the laboratory for RSV testing, were assumed to be symptomatic.There were no patient exclusion criteria with respect to medications or other therapies, age, or gender. The performance of TRU RSV was not established for patients greater than 5 years of age.

# Clinical trial test system

Clinical trial sites employed ful production lotsof TRU RSV test kits.Tissue cultures were performe y each laboratory's established internal method.Three of the four independent laboratories completed reduciblity studies prir to testing patient samples.Reproducibility sudies are escribed later section.

# Clinical study data

Tabls 3- provide an analysis f patient ages and sample typeTable 3 describes the types  samples te Talnerept  wps wecolureT ntis the genderhe patintshe  tables that sarizee ucesrac se Table 6.

Table 3. Description of sample types evaluated in clinical studies   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash/NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested - Clinical Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested -Clinical Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNNm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested - Clinical Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested - Clinical Site 4]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested - Clinical Site 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18::</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested - All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321</td></tr></table>

Legend: NPA $\equiv$ nasopharyngeal aspirate

Table 4. Categories of patients by age from who samples were collected for clinical studies   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>birth to 1month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1 month to 2years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;2 years to 5years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 1::</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 2         :::</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3372::</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>::3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#iK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOEn:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 4   MIkE:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>::</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td></tr></table>

Table 5. Classification of patients from whom samples were collected based on sex   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specimen Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not defined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>::3:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical site Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:::;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total TRU RSV negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>395</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

Table 6. Summary --Distribution of TRU RSV results by sample type and by site   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Wash/Aspirate Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.3 - 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.4 - 81.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38/53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6 - 83.2%</td></tr></table>

\*1 TRU RSV Invalid

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Wash/Aspirate Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.8 - 100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Wash/Aspirate Site 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8 - 95.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.8 - 95.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111/125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3 - 94.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Wash/Aspirate Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.3 - 95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.8 - 88.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154/183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9 - 89.4%</td></tr></table>

\*1 TRU RSV Invalid \*\* Of the 21 TRU RSV false-positive results, 3 were positive by DSFA.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen Wash/Aspirate Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.8 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.8 - 100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen Wash/Aspirate Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7 - 93.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112/122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4 - 96.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152/169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4 - 94.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen Wash/Aspirate Site 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentYelowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.3 - 99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.7 - 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9 - 98.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen Wash/Aspirate Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79/88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.5 - 95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149/161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.3 - 96.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228/249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.4 - 94.7%</td></tr></table>

\* Of the 12 TRU RSV false-positive results, 2 were positive by DSFA.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh SwabSite 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.8 - 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.9 - 92.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.8 - 92.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh SwabSite 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>canmaGlow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2 - 100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh SwabSite 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.9 - 98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53/56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1 - 98.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh SwabTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.0 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0 - 97.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112/120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.3 - 97.1%</td></tr></table>

\* Of the 7 TRU RSV false-positive results, 4 were positive by PCR.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen SwabSite 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lnmaGetaYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2 - 100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen SwabSite 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.4 - 83.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.0 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.4 - 86.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen SwabSite 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TissueCulture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.5 - 84.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.4 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.0 - 99.8%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen SwabTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TRU RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33/46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.5 - 84.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.4 - 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.5 - 88.9%</td></tr></table>

NOTE: As the data above indicates, the performance characteristics generated from prospective frozen specimens might not be the same as the performance characteristics generated from prospective fresh specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh/Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TRU RSV Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional or repeat Testing andcomments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentaYellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Negative for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m4.Site Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh/BFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TRU RSV Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional or repeat Testing andcomments    9Ms</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M0Site Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PSSpecimen#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>963Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>  Fresh/Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TRU RSV Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional or repeat Testing and2pcomments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Wash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSFA Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Positive for RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2Site Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh/Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TRU RSV Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional or repeat Testing andcomments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=18>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qual.Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DayRun1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day1Run2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day2Run1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day2Run2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day3Run1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day3Run2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day1Run1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DayRun2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day2Run1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day-2Run2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day3Run1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day3Run2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day1Run1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day1Run2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day3Run1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day3Run2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-HP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -HP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3- LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4--LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-- LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 -- HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8--HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g-- LN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-LN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ave highneg value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ave lowpos value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrelation</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationof cut offSpecimens</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Analytical sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity of this assay was established in tests with dilutions of 3 RSV A strains (VR-26, VR-1302, VR-1540) and 3 RSV B strains (VR-955, VR-1400, VR-1401). The lower limit of detection (see table below) is dependent on factors such as cell culture lines used, the numberof passages performed and the effectiveness of the isolation methods.For these reasons, assay limit of detection levels may vary if other strains or samples are used.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (LoD)TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.49 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.52 x 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-955</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10 x 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47</td></tr></table>

# Assay specificity

The specificity of TRU RSV was tested utilizing the following bacterial, viral and yeast strains. RSV positive and negative respiratory specimens were spiked with ≥4 x 10'/mL bacteria or yeast. Viruses were tested at levels $2 6 . \dot { 7 } \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } + 7 0 1 0 _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . None of the microorganisms tested yielded a positive result in the RSV-negative sample or interfered with detection of the RSV-positive sample. The RSV-negative respiratory sample was positive when spiked with RSV strain VR-26.

Adenovirus Types 1, 5 and 7A, Coxsackie Type A9, Human Coronavirus Types 229E and OC43, Cytomegalovirus, Influenza A (2 strains), Influenza B (1 strain), Human metapneumovirus, Measles, Parainfluenza Types 1, 2 and 3, Rhinovirus Type 39, Bacillus cereus, Bacillus subtilis, Bordetella parapertussis, Bordetella pertussis, Branhamella catarrhalis, Candida albicans, Candida glabrata, Citrobacter freundii, Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Listeria monocytogenes, Legionella pneumophila, Neisseria cinerea, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, Neisseria meningitidis, Nocardia asteroides, Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Pseudomonas fluorescens, Serratia liquifaciens, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan I), Staphylococcus epidermidis, Streptococcus (not typed), Streptococcus Groups A, B, D, $F _ { i }$ and G, Streptococcus pneumoniae.

A clinical sample containing Epstein Barr virus at $2 . 3 2 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ genome equivalents/mL was nonreactive with TRU RSV.

# Tests for interfering substances

The following substances, when introduced directly into nasal samples, do not interfere with testing at the concentrations identified: Acetaminophen (10 mg/mL), Acetylsalicylic acid $( 2 0 \ m g / \mathsf { m L } )$ , Albuterol $( 9 . 1 \%$ v/v), Halls® Throat Drops $( 2 0 m g / m L )$ , Ludens® Throat Drops (20 mg/mL), Chlorpheniramine maleate $1 . 7 m g / m L )$ , Clemastine fumarate (5mg/mL), Diphenhydramine HCI $5 \ m g / \ m L$ , Dextromethorphan $( 9 . 1 \%$ v/v), Naproxen sodium $( 1 0 \ m g / \mathsf { m L } )$ , Phenylephrine hydrochloride $( 9 . 1 \%$ v/v), Oxymetazoline $( 9 . 1 \%$ v/v), Guaifenesin $( 9 . 1 \%$ v/v), Pseudoephedrine HCI (20 mg/mL), Listerine® Mouthwash $( 9 . 1 \%$ v/v).

Whole blood at concentrations greater than $2 . 9 \%$ interfered with test interpretation. Chlorpheniramine maleate at concentrations greater than $1 . 7 m g / m L$ may cause false-positive test results.

# CONCLUSIONS

TRU RSV:

1Can be used reliably in the clinical laboratory for the rapid detection of RSV antigens in the sample types defined in product labeling, and   
Performs similarly to its predicate ImmunoCard STAT! RSV.

# BIBLIOGRAPHY

Cote PJ, Fernie BF, Ford EC et al. Monoclonal antibodies to respiratory syncytial virus: determination of virus neutralization and other antigen-antibody systems using infected human and murine cells. J Virol Meth 1981;3:137-47.   
2. Swenson PD, Kaplan MH. Rapid detection of respiratory syncytial virus in nasopharyngeal aspirates by a commercial enzyme immunoassay. J Clin Microbiol   
1986;23:485-8.

# OCT 18 2007

Susan Rolih Official Correspondent Meridian BioScience, Inc. 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, OH 45244

Re: k071101 Trade/Device Name: TRU RSV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3480 Regulation Name: Respiratory syncytial virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GOG Dated: October 5, 2007 Received: October 10, 2007

Dear Ms. Rolih:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT TRU RSV

510(K) Number: 0)110/

TRU RSV is a rapid qualitative, lateral-flow immunoassay for the detection of Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) antigens (fusion protein or nucleoprotein) in human nasal wash, nasopharyngeal aspirate and nasal and nasopharyngeal swab samples. It is designed to test specimens from symptomatic patients aged 5 years or less. A negative result does not preclude RSV infection. It is recommended that all negative test results be confirmed by cell culture.

Division Shgn-Off t   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k)_ k071101