K072038

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

bioMérieux, Inc.

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

# Contact Person:

Jolyn Tenllado Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Phone Number. Fax Number. Date of Preparation:

314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
July 20, 2007

B. Device Name: Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin $( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 8 $ μg/ml)

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin

# C. Predicate Device: D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK 2 Gram Negative Ertapenem (K041982).

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Serratia marcescens, Acinetobacter baumanni, Acinetobacter Iwoffi, Citrobacter koseri, Citrobacter freundi, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter sakazaki, Klebsiella oxytoca, Morganella morganii, Pantoea agglomerans, Proteus vulgaris, Providencia rettgeri, Providencia stuarti, Pseudomonas fluorescens. It is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. The antimicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK 2 System automaticallyfills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader.The VITEK 2 Compact has a manual flling and sealing operation. The ViTEK 2 monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours). At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MiC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA, Issued Feb. 5, 2003.\*

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin.An extemal evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates and stock challenge strains. The exteral evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of ViTEK 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin by comparing its performance with the CLSl broth microdilution reference method. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms, as evidenced in the AST equivalency study presented in the VITEK 2 Compact 510(k), K050002. VITEK 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 5 . 8 \%$ overall Category Agreement Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

\*Not This device clinical trial was initated prior to the March 5, 2007 issuance of the revised guidance, which is why the older guidance document is cited.

# SEP 1 2 2007

Ms. Joyln Tenllado   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: k072038 Trade/Device Name: VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin (≤0.12 - ≥8µg/ml) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Devices Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: July 20, 2007 Received: July 25, 2007

Dear Ms. Tenllando:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

I yur device  classi ee aboveinto either class ⅡI Specil Controls)orclass IMA) it y be subject to such additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical DeviceReporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain ther general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall asto

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Numrkno072038

Device Name: VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin (≤ 0.12 - ≥ 8 μg/ml)

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Serratia marcescens, Acinetobacter baumannii, Acinetobacter Iwoff, Citrobacter koseri, Citrobacter freundii, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter sakazakii, Klebsiella oxytoca, Morganella morgani, Pantoea agglomerans, Proteus vulgaris, Providencia rettgeri, Providencia stuartii, Pseudomonas fluorescens. VITEK 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin is a quantitative test. It is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and ViITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents.

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gramtive bacili Staphylococcus sp. Enterococcus spp. Streptococcus agalactiae, d S. pneumoniae.