# K072668

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jolyn Tenllado   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
September 17, 2007

Phone Number. Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

B. Device Name: Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2$ μg/ml)

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-GP Vancomycin

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Daptomycin (K050075).

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Enterococcus species, Staphylococcus species and Streptococcus agalactiae." It is intended for u with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determinatin in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents.The antimicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/mi. The VITEK 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for deterining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK 2 System automatically fils, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK 2 Compact has a manual flling and sealing operation. The VITEK 2 monitors the growth of each wel in the card ovr a defined period of time (up to 18 hours).At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MiC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II

Special Controls Guidance Document:Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA, Issued Feb. 5, 2003.\*

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Vancyomycin. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates and stock challenge strains.The exteral evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms, as evidenced in the AST equivalency study presented in the VITEK 2 Compact 510(k), K050002. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 9 . 6 \%$ overall Category Agreement.Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

l which is why the older guidance document is cited.

Ms. Jolyn Tenllado   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
bioMérieux   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

# OCT 15 2007

Re: k072668 Trade/Device Name: VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin (≤ 0.5 - ≥ 32 μg/ml) Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 1 6 4 5$ Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test System  Short Incubation Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LON Dated: September 17, 2007 Received: September 21, 2007

Dear Ms. Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall attyg

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K01a468

Device Name: VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathfrak { m } \updownarrow )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Enterococcus species, Staphylococcus species and Streptococcus agalactiae. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Vancomycin is a quantitative test. It is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents.

The VITEK $\$ 2$ Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gramnegative bacili, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus agalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of 1

fuddi ee   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K0726 68