# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 (317) 521 - 3723

Submitter name, address, contact

Contact Person: Theresa A. Bush

Date Prepared: November 21, 2008

# Device Name

Proprietary name: (1) Elecsys Rubella IgG Immunoassay (2) Elecsys Rubella IgG PreciControl

Common name: (1) Rubella IgG Immunoassay (2) Rubella IgG PreciControl

Classification name: (1) Rubella Virus serological reagents (2) Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed)

# Device Description

(1) The Elecsys Rubella IgG Immunoassay is a two-step sandwich immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection. The Rubella IgG assay contains: a biotin labeled monoclonal antibody against human IgG, a ruthenium-labeled anti-Rubella antibody fragment , biotin- and ruthenium-labeled Rubella-antigens and a Rubella-like particle. A relationship exists between the concentration of the IgG antibody targets present in a patient sample and the level of signal count detected by the system. The IgG assay is quantitative and is standardized against WHO materials. Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2 point calibration and a master curve provided with the reagent bar code. The test kit contains the human serumbased calibrators intended for use with the system.

(2) The Elecsys Precicontrol Rubella IgG contains two levels of human serum with Rubella IgG antibodies.

# Intended use

(1) The Elecsys Rubella IgG immunoassay is for the in vitro quantitative determination of IgG antibodies to rubella virus in human serum and Liheparin, K3-EDTA and sodium citrate plasma.   
This assay may be used as an aid in the assessment of immunc status to rubella in individuals including women of childbearing age.   
The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.   
(2) Elecsys PreciControl Rubella IgG is used for quality control of the Elecsys Rubella IgG immunoassay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Indications for Use

The Elecsys Rubella IgG assay may be used as an aid in the assessment of immune status to rubella in individuals including women of childbearing age.

# Substantial equivalence

The Elecsys Rubella IgG Test System is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States.

Elecsys Rubella IgG Immunoassay is equivalent to the Zeus Scientific Rubella IgG ELISA Test System cleared in K983805

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

Substantial equivalence - similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">(1) Rubella IgG Immunoassay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elecsys Rubella IgGImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: Zeus ScientificRubella IgG ELISA Test System(K984180)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Elecsys Rubella IgGimmunoassay is for the in vitroquantitative determination of IgGantibodies to rubella virus in humanserum and Li-heparin, K3-EDTAand sodium citrate plasma.This assay may be used as an aid inthe assessment of immune status torubella in individuals includingwomen of childbearing age.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay "ECLIA" is intendedfor use on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Zeus Scientific, Inc. LaboratoriesRubella IgG ELISA Test System isdesigned for the qualitative and/orquantitative detection of IgG antibodiesto rubella virus in human serum. Thetest system is intended to be used toevaluate single sera for immune statusor paired sera to demonstrateseroconversion, and is for in vitrodiagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This assay may be used as an aid inthe assessment of immune status torubella in individuals includingwomen of childbearing age.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The test system is intended to be usedto evaluate single sera for immunestatus or paired sera to demonstrateseroconversion, and is for in vitrodiagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ElectrochemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELISA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, lithium heparinplasma, potassium EDTA plasmaand sodium citrate plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentPlatform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Elecsys 2010/ cobas e 411and MODULAR ANALYTICSE170 (Elecsys module)/ cobas e601 analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No automated instrument platform.ELISA equipment/ microwell platereader needed. No specific modelrequired.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included in kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included in kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibratorStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">After opening at 2-8C: 8 weeksOn Elecsys 2010/ cobas e 411: upto 5 hoursOn E170/ cobas e 601: use onlyonce</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store between 2-8 °C.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrationfrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Once per reagent lot and•  After 1 month when usingsame reagent lotAfter 7 days when usingsame reagent kitAs required per QC findingsor pertinent regulations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each time the assay is run.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreciControl Rubella IgG (soldseparately)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negative control includedin kit.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1st International Standard for Anti-Rubella Immunoglobulin, human,NIBSC RUBI-1-94; formerlyreferred to as proposed 3"d WHOReference Standard Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recovery of WHO Reference Standardis shown.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened 2-8°C - up to expirationOpened 2-8°C  12 weeksOnboard 2 weeks or 12 weeks(stored alternately in refrigeratorand on the analyzer- ambienttemperature 20-25°C; up to 84 hoursopened in total.)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened kit: Store at 2-8°C.Coated microwell strips: 2-8°C shouldbe immediately resealed withdessicant, stable 60 days providedindicator on dessicant pouch remainsblue.Conjugate, Control, Calibrator, TMB,and Diluent: 2-8°Wash buffer and Stop Solution: 2-25°CDiluted wash buffer: stable at roomtemperature 7 days or 30 days at 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21 - 500 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-20 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intrassay: (range of values)Low Control: SD 0.075-0.176 IU/mLHigh Control: CV 1.20-6.79 %Plasma Samples &lt; 5 IU/mL:SD 0.059 - 0.3.99 IU/mLPlasma Samples &gt; 5 IU/mL:CV 1.64 - 8.21%Inter-assay:Low Control: SD 0.118-0.319 IU/mLHigh Control: CV 3.35 - 7.69%Plasma Samples &lt; 5 IU/mL:SD 0.076 - 0.428 IU/mLPlasma Samples &gt; 5 IU/mL:CV 2.08 - 9.54%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intraassay:Low: 5.1-6.2%Medium: 6.8-13.2%High: 4.4-8.96%Inter-assay:Low:6.3 %Medium:5.8%High:8.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Blank</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.17 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not stated.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.21 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not stated.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.6 % agreement with predicate for60 specimens representing a varietyof disease states.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not stated.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay is unaffected by icterus(bilirubin &lt; 513 μmol/L or &lt; 30mg/dL), hemolysis (Hb &lt; 3.47mmol/L or &lt; 5.6 g/dL), lipemia(Intralipid &lt; 1500 mg/dL),Immunoglobulin A up to 1440mg/dL, and biotin &lt; 123 nmol/L or&lt; 30 ng/mL.Criterion: Recovery of positivesamples within ± 20% of initialvalue.No interference was observed fromrheumatoid factors up to aconcentration of 6210 IU/mL.Rubella-specific Immunoglobulin Mmay cause interference. Elevatedlevels of Immunoglobulin G maycause interference. There is no highdose hook effect within the assaymeasuring range.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No anticoagulants or preservativesshould be added; avoid usinghemolyzed, lipemic, or bacteriallycontaminated samples.</td></tr><tr><td>Expected Values</td><td>Studies indicate that 80-90% of the adult population have detectable antibodies to rubella. According to the literature, in general, 90% of the U.S. population has either been vaccinated or exposed to rubella, with rubella IgG values greater than or equal to 10 IU/mL. In a study of 500 subjects from a United States reference laboratory, the prevalence of IgG antibodies to Rubella was shown to be 95%. Prevalence was 94.7% among women of childbearing age.</td><td>80-90% of adult population has detectable antibodies to rubella.</td></tr><tr><td>Method Comparison with 95% CI (Elecsys® vs Zeus Scientific Rubella IgM):</td><td>US Routine Clinical Specimens and Acute/Recent Infection: Negative Agreement: 64.0% (16/25) 42.5 - 82.0% Positive Agreement: 98.1% (466/475) 96.4-99.1% Banked Samples: Negative Agreement: 96.6% (140/145) 92.1-98.9% Positive Agreement: 84.0% (168/200) 78.2-88.8% Samples Collected During a Rubella Outbreak: Negative Agreement: 100% (10/10) 69.1-100.0% Positive Agreement: 82.0% (50/61) 70.02-90.6% Pregnant Women Serum samples were collected from 150 pregnant women in the US and tested on the Elecsys and the reference assay. The Elecsys Rubella IgG showed 100 % agreement (95% CI: 97.57- 100%), with 150/150 positive tests.. Vaccinated Individuals: Commercially available vaccination follow-up panels comprising 152 samples from 13 subjects were also tested. The final specimen from each panel yielded 100 % agreement (95% CI: 75.29%~100%) between the methods, with 13/13 positive test results. Testing of Low Positive Samples 84 serum samples that gave low positive (10-20 IU/mL) on the reference assay were tested with the Elecsys Rubella IgG assay. The positive agreement</td><td></td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics   
C/O Theresa A Bush, PhD, DABCC, RAC   
Regulatory Affairs Principal   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

# DEC 0 5 2008

Re: k072617 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Rubella IgG immunoassay Elecsys Rubella IgG PreciControl Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3510 Regulation Name: ELISA, Rubella Regulatory Class: Class ⅡI Product Code: LFX, JJX Dated: November 13, 2008 Received: November 14, 2008

Dear Dr. Bush:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have beenreclassified inaccordance with the provisions of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index html.

Sincerely yours,   
Sall attoy   
Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_. K072617

Device Name: Elecsys Rubella IgG Immunoassay

Indications For Use:

The Elecsys Rubella IgG immunoassay is for the in vitro quantitative determination of IgG antibodies to rubella virus in human serum and Li-heparin, K3-EDTA and sodium citrate plasma.

This assay may be used as an aid in the assessment of immune status to rubella in individuals including women of childbearing age.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Prescription Use .XXX (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

Over the Counter Use _ (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

ln Sof Division Sign-Off 1 Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) k072617

# Elecsys Rubella IgG and IgM Test Systems

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K072617

Device Name: Elecsys PreciControl Rubella IgG

Indications For Use:

Elecsys PreciControl Rubella IgG is used for quality control of the Elecsys Rubella IgG immunoassay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Prescription Use XXX (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

the Sif

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety