# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safely and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K072732

# 1 Submitter Name, Address, and Contact

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. 1001 US Highway 202 Raritan, NJ 08869-0606

Contact Person: Laura C. Vellucci (908) 218-8532

# Preparation Date

Date 510(k) prepared: September 20, 2007

3

# Device Name

Trypanosoma cruzi (T. cruzi) Whole Cell Lysate Antigen, ORTHO® T. cruzi ELISA Test System

Common Name: Trypanosoma cruzi (T. cruzi) Whole Cell Lysate Antigen Trade Name: ${ \mathrm { O R T H O } } ^ { \otimes } T$ cruzi ELISA Test System Classification Name: Trypanosoma spp. Serological reagents (21 CFR 866.3870)

Assay Class: I (general controts)

4

# Predicate Device

The ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System is substantially equivalent to K930272 Hemagen Chagas' Kit (ElA Method) - Hemagen Diagnostics, Inc., and/or K023889 Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay, T. cruzi - Wiener Laboratories and the T. cruzi indirect immunofluorescence assay, IFA, performed by Focus Diagnostics, Cypress, CA is the comparator method.

# 5 Device Description

The ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System is an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). ELISA technology utilizes the principle that antigens or antibodies bound to the solid phase can be detected by complementary antibodies or antigens labcled with an cnzyme capable of acting on a chromogenic substrate. When substrate is applicd, the presence of antigens or antibodies can be detected by development of a colored end product. The optical densities are read spectrophotometrically.

This ELISA was developed to detect human antibodies to T. cruzi in serum and plasma. The assay utilizes microwells coated with a whole-cell lysate containing T. cruzi antigens as the solid phase. The assay procedure is a three-stage test carried out in a microwell coated with lysale (antigens) prepared from T. cruzi. In the first stage, test specimen, Negative Control, and Positive Calibrator are diluted directly in the test well containing Specimen Diluent, and incubated for a specificd length of time. If antibodies to T. cruzi are present, antigen-antibody complexes will form on the microwell surface. If antibodies to T. cruzi are absent, complexes will not form. Unbound antibodies in the sample will be removed during the subsequent wash step.

In the second stage, murine monoclonal antibody conjugated with Horseradish Peroxidase (Conjugate) is added to the test well. The Conjugate binds specifically to the antibody portion of the antigen-antibody complex. If complexes are not present, the unbound Conjugate is removed by the subsequent wash step.

In the third slage, an enzyme detection system composed of $o$ -phenylenediamine (OPD) and hydrogen peroxide is added to the test well. If bound Conjugate is present, the OPD will be oxidized, resulting in a colored end product. Sulfuric acid is then added to stop the reaction. The color intensity depends on the amount of bound Conjugate and, therefore, is a function of the concentration of antibodies to T. cruzi present in the specimen. The intensity of color in the substrale solution is then determined with a microwell reader (spectrophotometer) designed to measure light absorbance in a microwell.

# Special Instrumentation Requirements

There are no special ELISA instrument requirements for the device. All 510(k) performance testing was conducted using semi-automated instrumentation defined as:

Ortho Summit Sample Handling System or • Fixed or Adjustable Single-Channel Micropipelte Auto Wash 96 (multichannel aspirator-washer device) AutoReader IV (dual wavelength microwell reader) Model 120 Incubator Ortho Assay Software (OAS) (instrumentation process and data management software) Ortho T. cruzi CT (Clinical Trial) OAPD (Ortho Assay Protocol Disk)

The instructions for use call for:

Adjustable multichannel micropipettes, or equivalent reagent dispenser capable of delivering $5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ and $2 0 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ with at least $\pm 5 \%$ accuracy Fixed or adjustable single channel micropipettes or equivalent pipetter-dilutor capable of delivering $2 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ and $2 0 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ with at least $\pm \ 5 \%$ accuracy EMPY $5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ to $3 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ disposable pipette tips or equivalent b $2 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ disposable pipette tips or equivalent C Appropriately sized serological pipette or graduated cylinder

Multichannel micropipette reservoirs or equivalent containers OCD microwell plate or strip washer or cquivalent multichannel microwell aspiratorwasher device capable of at least 5 cycles of wash by dispensing and aspirating at least $7 0 0 { \mathfrak { u l } } _ { - }$ of fluid per well and leaving a full well of fluid to soak at least 20 seconds. OCD microwell plate or strip reader or equivalent dual wavelength microwell reader capable of reading at 490 or $4 9 2 \ \mathfrak { n m }$ with a reference filter of 620 or $6 . 3 0 ~ \mathsf { n m }$ . A 610 nm filter is required for performing Sample Omission Monitoring (SOM) reads. Linearity of the microwell reader must range from at least 0 1o 2.5 absorbance units. b $3 7 ^ { \circ } C \pm 1 ^ { \circ } C$ microwell incubator (dry)

Users arc instructed, when using semi-automated and automated instruments, to follow the procedures that are contained in the operator's manual provided by the device manufacturer. Laboratories must follow their approved validation procedures to demonstrate compatibility of this product on semi-automated and automated systems.

# Device Intended Use

ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System is an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for the in vitro qualitative detection of antibodies (Immunoglobulin G) to Trypanosoma cruzi (T. cruzi) in human adult serum (glass, plastic, or serum separator tubes) and plasma (EDTA, lithium heparin or citrate) using whole-cell lysate antigens. Reactive assay results are presumplive evidence of past infection, and in conjunction with other serological and clinical information, may be used for the laboratory diagnosis of individuals with Chagas' disease.

Definitivediagoss o an acue phaseo infection (incudig acute congenital inection)mus be made by alternate methods, e.g., hemoculture, blood smear.

This test is not intended for use on samples of cord blood or screening blood or plasma donors.

The ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System is substantially equivalent to K930272 Hemagen Chagas' Kit (EIA Method)  Hemagen Diagnostics, Inc., and/or K023889 Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay, T. cruzi - Wiener Laboratories and the T. cruzi indirec imunofluorescence assay, IFA, performed by Focus Dagnostics, Cypress, CA is the comparator method.

Comparison of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System to the K930272 Hemagen Chagas' Kit (EIA Method) - Hemagen Diagnostics, Inc., and K023889 Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay, T. cruzi - Wiener Laboratories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA TeStSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K930272Hemagen Chagas&#x27; Kit(EIA Method)-Hemagen Diagnostics, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K023889Enzyme LinkedImmunosorbent Assay,T. cruzi -Wiener Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>... for the in vitro qualitativedelection of antibodies(Immunoglobulin G) toTrypanosoma cruzi (T. cruzi)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>for the detection ofcirculating antibodics toTrypanosoma cruzi, thecausative agem of Chagasdisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection ofantibody to Trypanosoma cruzi,the causative agent for Chagasdisease in human serum orplasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reactive assay results arepresumptive evidence of pastinfection, and in conjunctionwith other serological andclinical information, may beused for the laboratorydiagnosis of individuals withChagas&#x27; disease.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>When used according toinstructions, the kit is useful inexhibiting prior exposure to T.cruzi and as an aid in thediagnosis of Chagas&#x27; disease.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>When using according 10instructions, the kit is useful inestablishing prior exposure to 7.cruzi and as an aid in thediagnosis of Chagas&#x27; disease.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deleted:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme-linked immunosorbentassay, ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme-linked immunosorbentassay, ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme-linked immunosorbentassay, ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Where used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA Cenified ClinicalLaboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA Certified ClinicalLaboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA Certified ClinicalLaboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Plasma(EDTA, lithium heparin orcitrate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Plasma(heparin, EDTA, and citratebased anticoagulants)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trypanosoma spp.(T. cruzi Tulahuen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trypanosoma spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant T. cruzi antigensfrom the trypomastigoteparasite stage: #1, #2, #13,#30, and #36)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen Prep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole cell lysate coated ontoplastic microwells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified antigens from culturedT. cruzi organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinani technology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10μ{_</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted sample is incubatedwith the antigen prep. After anappropriate time the serumdilution in removed, and theantigen prep is washed. Theantigen prep is overlaid with</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted sample is incubatedwith the antigen prep. After anappropriate time the serumdilution in removed, and theantigen prep is washed. Theantigen prep is overlaid with</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted sample is incubatedwith the antigen prep. After anappropriate time the serumdilution in removed, and theantigen prep is washed. Theantigen prep is overlaid with</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>antibody labeled with anchromogenic substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>antibody labeled with anchromogenic substrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>antibody labeled with anchromogenic substrate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConjugateAntibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-human lgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ami-human 1gG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-human IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tracer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horseradish peroxidase with aSubsirate Solution made fromSubstrate Buffer and OPDTablets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horseradish peroxidase withsubstrate 3, 3&#x27;, 5, 5&#x27; -tetramethylbenzidine (TMB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horseradish peroxidase withsubstrate 3, 3&#x27;, 5, 5°-letramethylbenzidine (TMB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AntibodiesDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The antibody-HRP bound to thewhole cell lysale-antibodycomplex reacts with the OPDproducing a colored endproduct. The OD is readspectrophotometrically</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The antibody-HRP bound to thewhole cell tysate-antibodycomplex reacts with the TMBproducing a colored endproduct. The OD is readspectrophotometrically</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The antibody-HRP bound to therecombinant antigens-antibodycomplex reacts with the TMBproducing a colored endproduct. The OD is readspectrophotometrically</td></tr></table>

# Performance

# ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA and T. cruzi IFA Results among High Risk and Low Risk Subjects

Specimens from 1074 subjects at high or low risk for T. cruzi infection were tested with a comparator T. cruzi IFA and with the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System. The results are presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA vs. T. cruzi IFA Results (N=1074)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ORTHO T. cruZi ELISAResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>T. cruzi IFA Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatedly Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1074</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>T These three specimens were also negative with the 7: cruzi RIPA.- Ten of these 16 specimens were also positive with the T. cruzi RIPA.</td></tr></table>

# Percent Agreement

The table below summarizes the percent agreement between the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA and the $T .$ cruzi IFA. Data are listed by population and ovcrall, with positive and negative percent agreement and $9 5 \%$ exact confidence intervals (Cl).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Positive and Negative Percent Agreement of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA with the T. cruzi IFA byStudy Population (N=1074)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.47%(82/85)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.03% - 99.27%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.93%(474/489)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.99% - 98.27%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(300/300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.78% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PregnancyLow Risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.50%(199/200)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.25% - 99.99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.47%(82/85)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.03% - 99.27%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.38% (973/989)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.39% - 99.07%</td></tr></table>

# ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Results and Most Probable T. cruzi Antibody Status among High Risk and Low Risk Subjects

Because the T. cruzi IFA is a non-refcrence standard for detection of antibodies to $T .$ cruzi, the most probable $T .$ cruzi antibody status of thc high and low risk study subjects was determined by ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System, comparator $T _ { \ast }$ cruzi IFA and supplemental $T .$ cruzi RIPA testing according to a pre-specified testing algorithm. Specimens not tested with RIPA that were negative with both the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA and the $T .$ cruzi IFA were assigned a most probable T. cruzi antibody status of negativc. Specimens tested with the RIPA were assigned a most probable T. cruzi antibody status of positive, negative or indeterminate based on the RIPA results.

A comparison of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA resuls to most probable T. cruzi antibody status is presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Results and Most Probable T. cruzi Antibody Statusin the Iligh Risk and Low Risk Populations (N= I074)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ORTHO T. cruzi ELISAResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Most Probable T. cruzi Antibody Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatedly Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>981</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1074</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>&#x27; There were no T. cruzi RiPA indeterminate results and therefore no specimens with a mostprobable T. cruzi antibody status of indeterminate among the high and low risk specimens.</td></tr></table>

# Percent Agreement

The lable below summarizes the percent agreement between the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA and most probable T. cruzi antibody slatus. Data are listed by population and overall, with positive and negative percent agreement and $9 5 \%$ exact confidence intervals.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Positive and Negative Percent Agreement of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA withMost Probable T. cruzi Antibody Status by High Risk and Low Risk Study Population (N=1074)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 % ExactConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.92%(92/93)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.15% - 99.97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.96%(476/481)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.59% - 99.66%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(300/300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.78% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PregnancyLow Risk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.50%(199/200)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.25% - 99.99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.92%(92/93)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.15% - 99.97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•99.39% (975/981)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.67% - 99.78%</td></tr></table>

# Specimens Presumed Positive for Antibodies to $T .$ cruzi by Serological Methods ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA versus $T .$ cruzi IFA

$\wedge$ lolal of 810 specimens were included in the $T ,$ cruzi serological presumed positive population based upon two positive serological tests for $T .$ cruzi antibodies in use in the countrics of origin (i.e., ELISA, IFA, hemagglutination, or complement fixation). The comparator T. cruzi IFA was not used to admit specimens to the study. The specimens were obtained from the endemic countries of Bolivia $( 1 7 . 8 \% )$ , Brazil $( 2 4 . 7 \% )$ , Chile $( 1 0 . 6 \% )$ Guatemala $( 2 . 2 \% )$ , Mexico $( 3 2 . 5 \% )$ and Nicaragua $( 1 2 . 2 \% )$ . ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA testing was performed at two testing sites in Camp Hill, PA and Newark, NJ. Direct comparison of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA with the T. cruzi IFA is presented in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA vs. T. cruzi IFA Results in Specimens Presumed Positive by SerologicMethods (N=810)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ORTHO T. cruZi ELISAResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>T. cruzi IFA Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatedly Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>565</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>664</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>810</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TThese five specimens were also negative with the T. cruzi RIPA.Ninety-seven of these 99 specimens were also positive with the T. cruzi RIPA. All 14 I specimens were negative with the T. cruzi RIPA.</td></tr></table>

# Percent Agreement

Positive, negative and overall percent agreement of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA with the T.   
cruzi IFA and $9 5 \%$ exact confidence intervals are shown in the following table.

RTHO T. cruzi ELISA versus Most Probable T. cruzi Antibody Status   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Positive, Negative and Overall Percent Agreement of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA with the T. cruzi IFAin the Serological Presumed Positive Population (N=810)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallPercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 % ExactConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerologicalPresumedPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.13%(565/570)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.96% -99.71%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.75%(141/240)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.24% -65.04%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.16%(706/810)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.66%-89.39%</td></tr></table>

Because the T. cruzi IFA is a non-reference standard for detection of antibodies to T. cruzi, the most probable $T .$ cruzi antibody status of the study subjects presumed positive by serologic methods was determined by ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System, comparator T. cruzi IFA and supplemental T. cruzi RIPA testing according to a pre-specified testing and interpretation algorithm. Specimens that were ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA repeatedly reactive and positive with the $T ,$ cruzi IFA were assigned a most probable T. cruzi antibody status of positive and were not tested with the T. cruzi RIPA. All specimens negative with both assays or with discordant results between the two assays were tested with the $T .$ cruzi RIPA and assigned a most probable T. cruzi antibody status based upon the RIPA results. A comparison of ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA results and most probable T. cruzi antibody status is presented in the following table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Results and Most Probable T. cruzi Antibody Status in theSerological Presumed Positive Population (N=810)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ORTHO T. cruZi ELISAResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Most Probable T. cruzi Antibody Status</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatedly Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>662</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>664</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>662</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>810</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5> There were no T. cruzi RIPA indeterminate results and therefore no specimens with a mostprobable T. cruzi antibody status of indeterminate among the serological presumed positivespecimens tested with RIPA.</td></tr></table>

# Percent Agreement

Positive, negative and overall percent agreement of the ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA with most probable T. cruzi antibody status and $9 5 \%$ exact confidence intervals are shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Positive, Negative and Overall Percent Agreement of the ORTIIO T. cruzi ELISA with Most ProbableT. cruzi Antibody Status for the Serological Presumed Positive Population (N=810)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallPercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ExactConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerotogicalPresumedPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&#x27;100%(662/662)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.44% -100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.65%(146/148)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.20% -99.84%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.75%(808/810)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.11%-99.97%</td></tr></table>

# 8 Conclusions

The ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Tes System is substantially equivaleni to K930272 Hemagen Chagas' Kit (EIA Method) $\cdot$ Hemagen Diagnostics, Inc., and/or K023889 Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay. T. cruzi - Wiener Laboratories

The data presented in the Premarket notification provide a reasonable assurance the ORTHO $T .$ cruzi ELISA Test System is safe and effective for the stated intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. Laura C. Vellucci 1001 US Highway 202 Raritan, NJ 08869-0606

# APR 15 2009

Re: k072732 Trade/Device Name: ORTHO® T. cruzi ELISA Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3870 Regulation Name: Trypanosomma spp. Serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: MIU Dated: September 29, 2008 Received: October 1, 2008

Dear Ms. Vellucci:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class ⅢII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } ) \dot { }$ E premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Trypanosoma cruzi (T. cruzi) Whole Cell Lysate Antigen, ORTHO® T. cruzi ELISA Test System

Indications for Use:

ORTHO T. cruzi ELISA Test System is an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for the in vitro qualitative detection of antibodies (Immunoglobulin G) to Trypanosoma cruzi (T. cruzi) in human adull serum (glass, plastic, or serum separator tubes) and plasma (EDTA, lithium heparin or citrate) using whole-cell lysate antigens. Reactive assay results are presumptive evidence of past infection, and in conjunction with other serological and clinical information, may be used for the laboratory diagnosis of individuals with Chagas' disease.

Definitive diagnosis of an acute phase of infection (including acute congenital infection) must be made by alternate methods, e.g., hemoculture, blood smear.

This test is not intended for use on samples of cord blood or screening blood or plasma donors.