# K072138

# DEC 2 1 2007

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VIDAS® CDAB Assay

A. Submitter Information Submitter's Name: Address:

bioMérieux, Inc. 595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

Nikita S. Mapp   
314-731-7474   
314-731-8689   
July 1, 2007 (revised Dec. 20, 2007)

B.Device Name Trade Name:

VIDAS® CDAB

Common Name:

Clostridium difficile Enzyme Immunoassay

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.2660, Product Code LLH Reagents, Clostridium Difficile Toxin

C. Predicate Device Name Trade Name:

Meridian Premier Toxins A&B

# DDevice Description

VIDAS@® C. difficile Toxin A & B (CDAB) assay is an automated test for use on the VIDAS instruments for the qualitative detection of Clostridium difficile toxin A and toxin B in stool specimens using the ELFA technique (Enzyme-Linked Fluorescent Assay).

The assay principle combines a two-step enzyme immunoassay sandwich method with a final fluorescent detection (ELFA). The Solid Phase Receptacle (SPR), a pipette tip-like device, serves as the solid phase as well as the pipetting device for the assay. The assay reagents are ready-to-use and pre-dispensed in the sealed reagent strips (STRs). The individual kit components are described in detail on the following pages.

Each of the four reaction steps are performed automatically by the VIDAS instrument. The reaction medium (sample/conjugate mixture) is cycled in and out of the SPR several times. Each step is followed by a wash cycle which eliminates unbound components.

Step 1: Toxin A and/or toxin B present in the sample binds with the anti-toxin A antibodies (rabbit polyclonal) and anti-toxin B antibodies (mouse monoclonal) coated on the interior wall of the SPR.

Step 2: Binding between toxin A and anti-toxin A antibodies (mouse monoclonal) conjugated with biotin. Binding between toxin B and anti-toxin B antibodies (mouse monoclonal) conjugated with biotin.

Step 3: The presence of biotin is detected by incubation with streptavidin conjugated with alkaline phosphatase.

Step 4: Alkaline phosphatase catalyzes the hydrolysis of the substrate (4-Methyl-umbelliferyl phosphate) into a fluorescent product (4-Methyl-umbelliferone) the fluorescence of which is measured at $4 5 0 \mathsf { n m }$ . The intensity of the fluorescence is proportional to the quantity of toxin A and/or toxin B present in the sample.

At the end of the VIDAS CDAB assay, results are automatically calculated by the VIDAS instrument. A test value as well as the qualitative result (positive, negative or equivocal) are provided on the result sheet for each sample.

# E. Intended Use

VIDAS® C. difficile Toxin A & B (CDAB) assay is an automated test for use on the VIDAS instruments for the qualitative detection of Clostridium difficile toxin A and toxin B in stool specimens using the ELFA technique (Enzyme-Linked Fluorescent Assay).

# F. Technological Characteristics Summary

A comparison of the similarities and differences of the assays is presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device[VIDAS CDAB]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate[Premier Toxins A&amp;B]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An automated test for use on the VIDASinstruments for the qualitative detection ofClostridium difficile toxin A and toxin B instool specimens using the ELFA technique(Enzyme-Linked Fluorescent Assay).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of test results should bemade taking into consideration the patienthistory and any other tests performed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-automated assay; requiresvisual and spectrophotometricdeterminations</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Technique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-Linked Fluorescent Assay (ELFA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micro titer well assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodiescapturedetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Toxin A (rabbit polyclonal)Anti-Toxin B (mouse monoclonal)Anti-Toxin A (mouse monoclonal)Anti-Toxin B (mouse monoclonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Toxin A (mouse monoclonal)Anti-Toxin B (goat polyclonal)Anti-Toxin A (goat polyclonal)Anti-Toxin B (goat polyclonal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-toxin A and anti-toxin B antibodies conjugated with biotin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Horse-radish peroxidaseconjugated to anti-toxins</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceVIDAS CDAB]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate[Premier Toxins A&amp;B]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 µl (liquid stool)200 mg (semi-solid &amp; solid stools)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 μl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~75 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-95 minutes</td></tr></table>

# G. Performance Data

A summary of the non-clinical and clinical test results is presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device[VIDAS CDAB]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate[Premier Toxins A&amp;B]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Non-clinical (Analytical) Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision/Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 pools of samples tested in duplicate over6 daystotal precision: 7.4 - 37.6% CVinter-assay precision1: 6.8 - 26.8% CVintra-assay precision: 2.9  26.3% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples tested in triplicatewithin run: 4.1 - 28.9% CVbtwn run: 6.2 - 31.7% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile strain types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+/B+ 100% (23/23)A-B+ 83% (15/18*)* 3 of the A-/B+ strains gave equivocalresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+/B+ 100% (25/25)A-/B+  100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (stool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin A at level of ≥ 7.73 ng/mL;Toxin B at level of ≥ 4.55 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin A at level of ≥ 1.4 ng/mL;Toxin B at level of ≥ 2.4 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Studies Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1011 specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Site(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US and Europe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsPositive Agreement:Negative Agreement:Global Agreement:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>versus Predicate (all sites)81.3%; 95% CI: 73.4 - 87.6%99.5%; 95% CI: 98.8  99.9%97.1%; 95% CI: 95.9 - 98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# H. Conclusion

# The VIDAS® CDAB Assay is substantially equivalent to the Meridian Premier Toxins A&B Assay.

The 510(k) summary includes only information that is also covered in the body of the 510(k). The summary does not contain any puffery or unsubstantiated labeling claims. The summary does not contain any raw data, i.e., contains only summary data. The summary does not contain any trade secret or confidential commercial information. The summary does not contain any patient identification information.

# DEC 2 1 2007

Ms. Nikita S. Mapp   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: K072138 Trade/Device Name: VIDAS® CDAB Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2660 Regulation Name: Microorganism differentiation and identification device Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: LLH Dated: December 3, 2007 Received: December 5, 2007

Dear Ms. Mapp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K072138

Device Name: VIDAS® C. ifficile Toxin A & B (CDAB) Assay

Indications For Use: VIDAS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ C. difficile Toxin A & B (CDAB) assay is an automated test for use on the VIDAS instruments for the qualitative detection of Clostridium difficile toxin A and toxin B in stool specimens using the ELFA technique (EnzymeLinked Flurorescent Assay).

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

# Page l of 1