K072695 BIOMERIEUX

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline

NOV I 6 2007

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

bioMérieux, Inc.

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person:

Jolyn Tenllado Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
September 20, 2007

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline $( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 2 \ \mu g / m \updownarrow )$ EP

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-GP Tigecycline

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Daptomycin (K050075).

# D. $5 1 0 ( k )$ Summary:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline is a qualitative test. Tigecycline has been shown to be active against the organisms listed below according to the FDA label for the antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Enterococcus faecalis (Vancomycin-susceptible isolates only)   
Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible and -resistant isolates)   
Streptococcus agalactiae Active in vitro but their clinical significance is unknown:   
Enterococcus faecium (Vancomycin susceptible and resistant isolates) Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Staphylococcus haemolyticus   
Enterococcus casseliflavus.

Theantiicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concntrations equivalent by effa standard method concentrations in mcg/m.The VITE 2 AST Cards are essentiallyminiaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK 2 System automaticall fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK 2 Compact has a manual filing and sealing operation. The VITEK 2 monitors the growth of each wel in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours).At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MiC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class Il Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA, Issued Feb. 5, 2003.\*

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates and stock challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline by comparing its performance with the CLSl broth microdilution reference method. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms, as evidenced in the AST equivalency study presented in the VITEK 2 Compact 510(k), K050002. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 9 . 4 \%$ overall Category Agreement.Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

Not This device clinical trial was initated prior to the March 5, 2007 issuance of the revised guidance, which is why the older guidance document is cited.

# NOV 1 6 2007

Ms. Jolyn Tellando   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: k072695 Trade/Device Name: VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline $( \leq 0 . 1 2 \cdot \geq 2 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Short term Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: September 20, 2007 Received: September 24, 2007

Dear Ms. Tellando:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devics that have bee reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,   
Sall attoy   
Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):__K072695

Device Name: VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline $( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 2 \mu { \sf g } / { \sf m l } )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positiveigycline is designed forantimicrobial susetibility test Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Tigecycline is a qualitative test. Tigecycline has been shown to be active against the organisms listed below according to the FDA label for the antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Enterococcus faecalis (Vancomycin-susceptible isolates only)   
Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible and -resistant isolates)   
Streptococcus agalactiae Active in vitro but their clinical significance is unknown:   
Enterococcus faecium (Vancomycin susceptible and resistant isolates) Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Staphylococcus haemolyticus   
Enterococcus casseliflavus.

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibiliy Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibiliy testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gramnegative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus agalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.