# K073027

# 510(k) CLINICAL TRIAL SUMMARY

Device Trade Name:

Spectra ™ MRSA

Intended Use:

Remel Spectra ™M MRSA is a selective and differential chromogenic medium recommended for use in the qualitative detection of nasal colonization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcocus aureus (MRSA) to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA in healthcare settings. The test is performed with anterior nares swab specimens from patients and heaithcare workers to screen for MRSA colonization. Spectra™M MRSA is not intended to diagnose MRSA infection or to guide or monitor treatment for infections.

# Device Description:

Remel Spectra ™M MRSA is an opaque medium, which uses a novel chromogen that yields a denim-blue color as a result of phosphatase activity. This enzyme is present in all MRSA. To allow the medium to differentiate MRSA accurately, it contains a combination of antibacterial compounds designed to inhibit the growth of a wide variety of competitor organisms. Also included are compounds that encourage the production of MRsA pathogenicity marker, ensuring expression of the phosphatase enzyme and so providing enhanced sensitivity and specificity.

# Summary of Performance Data:

# Clinical Accuracy:

The performance of Spectra ™ MRSA was evaluated at four geographically diverse regions of the United States. A total of seven hundred sixty-seven (767) prospective anterior nare surveillance specimens were tested. Results from the Spectra ™ MRSA at 24 hours incubation were compared to results obtained from traditional culture on Tryptic Soy Agar with $5 \%$ Sheep Blood (Blood Agar) after 48 hours incubation. During the course of this study, one swab was used to inoculate both plates, with the Blood Agar plate being inoculated first for all specimens. The overall recovery of MRSA on Spectra™ MRSA at 24 hours was $9 5 . 4 \%$ (104/109) compared to recovery of $9 6 . 3 \%$ EPY (105/109) on Blood Agar at 48 hours.

Suspect isolates of S. aureus were identified using a latex agglutination test or a biochemical identification system. Susceptibility testing was performed using an antibiotic gradient method for oxacillin and the Oxoid PBP2' test for the detection of the penicllin-binding protein 2a.The overall agreement for detection of MRSA and non-MRSA by denim blue colonies isolated on Spectra™M MRSA at 24 hours compared to identification and susceptibility testing as described was $9 9 . 1 \%$ E (760/767). The positive and negative predictive values for Spectra™ MRSA compared to the Oxoid PBP2' test were $9 8 . 1 \%$ and $9 9 . 2 \%$ respectively.

$\%$ Agreement MRSA: $9 5 . 2 \%$ EMPY $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 8 9 . 2 – 9 8 . 4 \% )$ Non-MRSA: $9 9 . 1 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 0 { - } 9 9 . 7 \% )$ EY Overall: $9 8 . 6 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 7 . 5 \mathrm { - } 9 9 . 3 \% )$

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Traditional Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpectraTMMRSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>662</td></tr></table>

\*Four MRSA positive specimens were negative by traditional culture at 48 hours. Note : $C \boldsymbol { \mathfrak { f } } =$ Confidence Interval

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Oxacillin MIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpectraTMMRSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>658</td></tr></table>

$\%$ Agreement MRSA: $9 5 . 4 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 8 9 . 6 \small { - } 9 8 . 5 \% )$ Non-MRSA: $9 9 . 7 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 9 – 1 0 0 \% )$ Overall: $9 9 . 1 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 1 \mathsf { - } 9 9 . 6 \% )$ EP

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PBP2&#x27;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpectraTMMRSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>658</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $9 5 . 4 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 8 9 . 6 \small { - 9 8 . 5 \% } )$ Specificity: $9 9 . 7 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 9 - 1 0 0 \% )$ EY Agreement: $9 9 . 1 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 1 \mathsf { - } 9 9 . 6 \% )$ Positive Predictive Value: $9 8 . 1 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 3 . 4 \mathsf { - } 9 9 . 8 \% )$ Negative Predictive Value: $9 9 . 2 \%$ $\langle 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 2 – 9 9 . 8 \% )$ E

# Overall Agreement:

<table><tr><td></td><td>MRSA</td><td>Non-MRSA</td></tr><tr><td>Spectra ™ MRSA vs. traditional culture</td><td>95.2% (100/105) (95% CI = 89.6-98.5%)</td><td>99.1% (656/662) (95% Cl = 98.9-100%)</td></tr><tr><td>Spectra ™ MRSA vs. PBP2&#x27;</td><td>95.4% (104/109) (95% CI = 89.6-98.5%)</td><td>99.7% (656/658) (95% Cl = 98.9-100%)</td></tr><tr><td>Spectra ™M MRSA vs. Oxacillin MIC</td><td>95.4% (104/109) (95% CI = 89.6-98.5%)</td><td>99.7% (656/658) (95% Cl = 98.9-100%)</td></tr></table>

'Four MRSA positive specimens were negative by traditional culture at 48 hours.

# Performance Compared to Commercially Available Devices:

Spectra™m MRSA was compared to traditional culture and susceptibility testing and the BD BBL™ CHROMagar™ MRSA with a total of 273 prospective nasal surveillance specimens. One swab was used to inoculate Blood Agar first and Spectra™ MRSA second. The second swab was used to inoculate the BD BBL™M CHROMagar™M MRSA. There was $9 8 . 9 \%$ agreement with traditional culture and susceptibility testing, and $9 7 . 1 \%$ agreement with the BD BBL ™M CHROMagar ™M MRSA. In this study, two nasal swabs were collected per patient.

# Interfering Substances:

Commonly used medicinal substances and transport media, as well as human blood and mucous were evaluated for potential interference of the chromogenic reaction of Spectra™ MRSA. No interference was observed.

# Reproducibility:

Reproducibility testing was conducted at four sites on three separate days with twenty blinded strains of Staphylococcus aureus. The strains consisted of 12 MRSA, 7 MSSA; 1 BORSA. MRSA and MSSA strains produced the expected result with Spectra ™M MRSA $100 \%$ of the time at 24 hours. BORSA demonstrated variable results.

# FEB 2 8 2000

Mary Ann Silvius Director Clinical Marketing Remel Products Thermo Fisher Scientific 12076 Santa Fe Drive Lenexa, KS 66215

Re: k073027 Trade/Device Name: Remel SpectraTM MRSA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1700 Regulation Name: Culture media, Antimicrobial susceptibility test, excluding Mueller Hinton Agar Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JSO Dated: January 28, 2008 Received: January 30, 2008

Dear Ms. Silvius:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240)276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

$$
\sqrt { a + e _ { 3 } a } \sqrt [ n ] { \frac { 1 } { 2 n - 1 } }
$$

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number (if known): K073027

Device Name: Spectra ™ MRSA

Indications For Use: Remel Spectra™M MRSA is a selective and differential chromogenic medium recommended for use in the qualitative detection of nasal colonization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcocus aureus (MRsA) to aid in the prevention and control of MRsA in healthcare settings. The test is performed with anterior nares swab specimens from patients and healthcare workers to screen for MRSA colonization. SpectraTm MRSA is not intended to diagnose MRsA infection or to guide or monitor treatment for infections.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

DMision Sign-Off . loo Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety \$10(k) K073027