# 510 (k) Summary - k081868

# MAY 25 2011

# Submitter

Department of the Army   
U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command   
1430 Veterans Drive   
Fort Detrick, MD 21702-5012

# Point of Contact

Dr. Robert E. Miller, Ph.D., RAC   
Director, Division of Regulated Activities and   
Compliance   
301-619-0317

Alternate Contact Person

Patricia M. Beverly, MT,RAC   
Regulatory Scientist   
301-619-2980   
patricia.m.beverly@us.army.mil or   
301-619-1087   
usammdaregulatoryaffairs@amedd.army.mil

Date Summary Prepared

April 28, 2011

Trade/Proprietary Name

# SMART Leish

Common or Usual Name

# Leishmania Real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction Diagnostic Assay,

Trypanosoma spp. serological reagents

866.3870

Classification Name Regulation Number Product Code Review Panel Classification Predicate Device

Microbiology 83

Class I

Amizyme-Leishmania spp. Test Kit

# Intended Use

The SMART Leish is a qualitative diagnostic real-time PCR test for the detection of Leishmania species and the identification of L. major in skin lesion scrapings and punch biopsies from individuals suspected of having cutaneous leishmaniasis. The test utilizes real-time polymerase chanacnassyn heCeh maryce®I  detct Lii se major.

# WARNING

The SMART Leish is intended for use only by trained laboratory personnel in Department o Defense laboratories. Clinical performance has not been established with strains other than L. major.

# Device Description

The SMART Leish consists of an assay reagent kit and assay definition files for the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) instrument platform. The kit contains sufficient reagents, in lyophilized bead form, to qualitatively assay 50 clinical samples for both Leishmania genus and L. major targets.Additional required accessories that are specified include the PCR instrument platform, a deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) purification kit, and a positive extraction control.The device components and required accessories are listed as follows.

For the Leishmania assays, a tissue specimen (skin scraping or punch biopsy) from an individual suspected of being infected with Leishmania species or L. major is colected in $70 \%$ E or $100 \%$ ethanol, and the DNA is extracted from the specimen using the Qiagen QlAamp DNA Mini Kitn aliquot of this D is tested using the Leishmania genus assay, which will ply a portion o DNA encoding the Leishmania specis 16 ribosomal rbonucleic acid (rRNA) gne lrez  h fluorescein.(FAM) reporter dye (517 nm) and a Black Hole Quencher® (BHQ).This assay also contains a positive intemal control consisting of a nonsensical, non-naturally occurring DNA sequence, with Texas Red reporter dye $( 6 1 5 \mathsf { n m } )$ and BHQ, used to detect evidence of PCR inhibition and confirm the integrity of assay reagents in negative specimens. If the sample tests positive for Leishmania species, another aliquot of DNA may be tested using the L. major assay, which will amplify a portion of DNA encoding the GPI gene that is specific to L. major.Amplifed targets are detected using a TaqMan hybridization probe with FAM reporter dye and a BHQ. The DNA amplification, detection of fluorescence, and interpretation of signals are done automatically by the SmartCycler instrument for each assay.The thermocycling protocols take approximately 4555 minutes.

# Substantial Equivalence Information

Predicate device name: Amizyme-Leishmania spp. Test Kit

2510k number: K842526

Comparison with predicate:

Table 1. Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Aspect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SMART Leish</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of Leishmania spp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of Leishmania spp</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agent measured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leishmania genus and L. major DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leishmania spp</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qiagen QIAap DNA Mini Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External - positive and negative controlsfor both the extraction process anddetection assay runsInternal - positive control for PCRinhibitors in sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External positive and negativecontrols</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid SmartCycler</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated DNA amplification cycling,probe detection, and interpretation ofresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skin punch biopsy or scrapings, stored inethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endpoint detection method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR amplification of DNA sequencesunique to the organisms of interest withdetection by hybridization probesincorporating reporter dyes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indirect Immunofluoresence (IFA)Fluorescent conjugate secondaryantibodies on a prepared slide</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Testing

The clinical performance of the SMART Leish assay was established in a multi-center, retrospective clinical study conducted at two military U.S. hospital sites.

A total of 312 Leishmania genus and 187 Leishmania major prospective specimens were collected from adults 18 years or older and evaluated in the SMART Leish assay and compared to culture and/or microscopy. Evaluated specimens were skin lesion scrapings and punch biopsies from individuals suspected of having cutaneous leishmaniasis. The patient population consisted entirely of military personnel who were at the time, or had previously been, deployed to Southwest Asia—primarily Afghanistan and Iraq. SMART Leish performance versus culture and microcopy, including $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals, is detailed below.

Table 2. Summary of SMART Leish Combined Studies for the Leishmania genus Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Truth</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SMART Leish -LeishmaniaGenus Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Sensitivity = 99.1% (223/225) 95%Cl (96.5 - 99.8)Specificity = 67% (58/87) 95%CI (55 - 76)</td></tr></table>

cal   i false positives were determined to be Genus positive using sequencing methods.

Table 3.Summary of SMART Leish Combined Studies for the Leishmania major Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical Truth</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totalh</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SMART Leish - L.major Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Sensitivity =95.8 (92/96)95%CI (89.1- 98.7)Specificity = 91.2% (83/91) 95%CI (82.9 - 95.9)</td></tr></table>

$\iota$ . major using sequencing methods.

# ANALYTICAL PERFORMANCE

Analytical Reactivity Study

Two separate studies were done with Leishmania genus and Leishmania major assays using 36 Leishmania strains. The goal was to determine whether the assays cross-reacts with the nucleic acids from non-target organisms. In the Leishmania genus study, DNA from 36 Leishmania strains was tested and gave robust positive results with the Leishmania genus PCR assay. In the Leishmania major study, 11 of 36 strains were Leishmania major species. All11 tested gave robust positive results with the Leishmania major PCR assay. None of the 25 non-Leishmania major samples tested positive. See Table 4.

Table 4. List of Leishmania Organisms Tested in Reactivity Study   

<table><tr><td>Leishmania major (11) Leishmania tropica (9)</td><td>Leishmania mexicana Leishmania amazonensis</td></tr><tr><td>Leishmania infantum (7)</td><td>Leishmania peruviana</td></tr><tr><td>Leishmania donovani (2)</td><td>Leishmania guyanensis (2)</td></tr><tr><td>Leishmania braziliensis</td><td>Leishmania tarentolae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

A total of 121 DNA samples were evaluated in the specificity study.The DNA from 11 Leishmania major strains tested in this study gave robust positive results with the Leishmania major PCR assay. Twenty-five non-Leishmania major samples tested negative; hence the analytical specificity was $100 \%$ The percentageof false positives was $0 \%$ and the percentage of false negatives is 0%. In the Leishmania genus study, 85 of the 121 samples were non-target sple. hty-ive were gativ,  le postives an 36 were osivTe specificity of the Leishmania genus PCR assay was $9 8 . 3 \%$ , false positive rate was $2 . 4 \%$ and the false negative rate was $0 \%$ See Table or s  organims used n thesudy.

Nucleic acids from non-target organisms were tested for both the Leishmania genus and Leishmania major assays. DNA samples with concentrations used in this study included purified DNA from bacteria (52; conc $= 5 0 - 4 6 , 2 5 0 \ p g / \mathrm { u L } )$ , fungi (11; $\mathsf { c o n c } = 5 0 , 0 0 0 - 9 7 , 0 0 0$ pg/uL ), viruses ( $\mathrm { 7 ; c o n c = 5 , 9 5 0 - 3 0 , 9 9 0 \ p g / u L ) }$ , mammals $( 3 ; { \mathsf { c o n c } } = 2 0 { \mathsf { p g / u L } }$ (human, bovine, and murine)), human melanoma cell lines (3; conc = 10,200 - 25,200 pg/uL), Leishmania major (11; $\mathsf { c o n c } = 2 1 , 5 4 0 - 8 3 , 0 0 0 \mathsf { p g / u L } )$ ,5 additional Leishmania species (not-L. major) (conc $=$ $1 6 , 6 8 0 - 5 9 2 , 0 0 \ p 9 / \mathrm { u L } )$ , and 9 trypanosomes representing 6 species (conc $=$ 12,760 - 95,000 pg/uL).

Table 5. List of Organisms Used in Specificity Study   

<table><tr><td>Bacteria Acinetobacter baumanni Bacillus anthracis (3) Bacillus cereus (2) Bacillus subtilis var. niger Bacillus thuringiensis Brucella abortus Brucella melitiensis Brucella suis Clostridium botulinum type A Clostridium botulinum type B Clostridium perfringens (2) Clostridium sordelli Enterobacter aerogenes Enterococcus durans Enterococcus faecalis Escherichia coli Francisella tularenisis (2) Haemophilus influenzae Klebsiella oxytoca Klebsiella pneumoniae Moraxella cattaharalis Neisseria lactamica Pasteurella multocida Proteus mirabilis Proteus vulgaris Providencia stuartii Pseudomonas aeruginosa Staphylococcus aureus (4)</td><td>Staphylococcus hominis Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Streptococcus pyogenes (2) Streptococcus sp. (B) Streptococcus (F2) Yesinia pestis Yersinia Mycobacteria Mycobacteria abscessus Mycobacteria fortuitum Mycobacteria marinum Mycobacteria spp Mycobacteria tuberculosis Mycobacteria ulcerans Viruses Human Papilloma Virus Herpes Simplex Virus Type I Herpes Simplex Virus Type II (2) Varicella Zoster Virus (2) Fungi Microsporium gypseum Cladophialophora carrionii Fonsecaea pedrosoi</td><td>Rhinocladiella compacta Phialophora verrucosa Trichophyton tonsurans Trichophyton mentagrophytes Trichophyton soudanense Arthroderma benhamiae Sporothrix schenckii Microsporum canis Mammalian Bovine Human Murine Human melanoma cell line (3) Trypanosoma Trypanosoma cruzi (2) Trypanosoma rhodesiense Trypanosoma rangeli (2) Trypanosomal lewisi lincicome Trypanosoma brucei gambiense Crithidia fasciculata (2)</td></tr></table>

Two strains of C. fasciculata were determined to be low-level cross-reactors based on falsepositive results observed.The degree of cross-reactivity of the Leishmania genus assay for C. fasciculata can be considered low level or weak. No cross-reactors were determined for the $L$ . major assay through the study.

Supplementary in silico analysis was done comparing the Smart Leish primer and probe sequences to sequences from the following organisms that could potentially result in a clinical presentation similar to cutaneous leishmaniasis:Corynebacterium diphtheria (veldt sores), Mycobacteria (Tropical Ulcer), Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Lupus vulgaris), Treponema pallidum (Tertiary Syphilis), Treponema pertenue (Yaws), and Blastomyces (Blastomycosis). Each Smart Leish primer and probe contained at least four mismatches to those sequences. Based on these alignments, no cross-reactivity was predicted with the Smart Leish primers and probes.

# Analytical Sensitivity

The assay linearity of SMART Leish for Leishmainia genus and Leishmania major was determined using eight different concentrations of purified L. major DNA tested in a 10-fold dilution series from 14.26 ng to 0.001426 pg and 21.39 ng to 0.002139 pg, respectively, DNA per reaction. Based on these results, additional studies were done to determine the analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LOD) which was defined as the lowest amount of purified L. major DNA that consistently provided positive test results $9 5 \%$ of the time.

In addition to the LOD determination, six different concentrations of purified L. major parasites were tested in a 10-fold dilution f $5 \times 1 0 ^ { 2 }$ parasites/mL (equivalent to $1 0 ^ { 7 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 2 }$ parasites/extraction) to determine the minimum number of L. major parasites that can be taken through the extraction and testing procedure and still give a positive result for the SMART Leish assays (extraction LOD).

Table 6 summarizes the results of the assay LOD for the L. genus and L. major assays, and Table 7 summarizes the results of the extraction LOD (eLOD) study.

Table 6. Summary of the Measuring Range and LOD for the Leishmania genus and L. major Assays (Values are per assay reaction)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Assay                     Linear Range1          Assay LOD12       LOD Equates to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leishmania Genus Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014-14,260 pg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14 pg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 genome copies with~200 copies/genome oftarget gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L. major Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.213921,390 pg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 pg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62 genome copies</td></tr></table>

Leish PCR eacion and stil result in  positiv SMART Leish test greater thanequal to 5% of h me.

Table 7. Summary of Assay eLOD for the Leishmania genus and L. major Assays Using Parasite Samples. Values are per extraction.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay                                eLOD&#x27;                            LOD Equates to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leishmania Genus Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 parasites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~5 genome copies at assayreaction stage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L. major Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 parasites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~30 genome copies at assayreaction stage</td></tr></table>

'95% accuracy across different operators and days and from multiple L. major strains

u  iAh determined across different operators, different days, and using multiple L. major strains.

# Reproducibility

Precision was evaluated internally at the study sites. The following tables summarize the between laboratory reproducibility results for the Leishmania genus and L. major assays, ic parasites, and mock human samples. The negative mock human samples were not further tested using the L. major assay if the initial Leishmania genus assay result was negative.

Table 8. Summary of Between Laboratory Reproducibility Results for the Leishmania Genus Assay   

<table><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>Sample ID</td><td>Concentration</td><td>Number of Replicates (over 5 days)</td><td>Laboratory A (WRAIR)</td><td>Laboratory B C (BAMC)</td><td>Laboratory C (MAMC)</td><td>Total Agreemen t</td><td>% Total Agreemen t</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>genome equivalents/μL</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Purified DNA</td><td>Low</td><td>2.0</td><td>20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>60/60</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Medium</td><td>20</td><td>20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>60/60</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>High</td><td>200</td><td>20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>60/60</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>Positive Agreement for Puriied DNA</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>180/180</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(parasites/ extraction)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cultured Parasites</td><td>Low</td><td>1,000</td><td>20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>60/60</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Medium</td><td>10,000</td><td>20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>60/60</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>High</td><td>25,000</td><td>20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>20/20</td><td>60/60</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>Positive Agreement for Cultured Parasites</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>.</td><td>180/180</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>Mock</td><td></td><td>(parasites/ extraction</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Human Samples</td><td>Negative</td><td>0</td><td>10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Positive</td><td>1.1x10^6</td><td>14</td><td>14/14</td><td>13/14</td><td>14/14</td><td>41/42</td><td>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td>Overall Agreement for Mock Human Samples</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>71/72</td><td>98.6%</td></tr></table>

Table 9. Summary of between Laboratory Reproducibility Results for the Leishmania major Assay   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofRepllicatesover 5days)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LaboratoryA(WRAIR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LaboratoryB(BAMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratoryc(MAMC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PurifiedDNA</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>37/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveAgreementfor PurifiedDNA</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(parasites/extraction)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CulturedParasites</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveAgreementforCulturedParasites</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(parasites/extraction)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MockHumanSamples</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1x10^6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallAgreementfor MockHumanSamples</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The Leishmania genus assay and the multiplexed positive IC assay were evaluated with known PCR inhibitors. The inhibitors tested were: hemoglobin, hemin, ferric ammonium citrate (FAC), and EDTA. Presence of inhibition was defined as a false negative result (negative result for a true positive sample). The inhibitor concentrations tested and the maximum inhibitor concentration that did not induce inhibition in the Leishmania genus and positive IC assays are listed in the table below.

Table 10. Results of Testing the Effects of Known Inhibitors on the Leishmania Genus and IC Assays   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PCR Inhibitor</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentrations Tested(final concentration in PCRreaction tube)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Maximum Concentration without InhibitionDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leishmania Genus Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03, 0.06, 0.12, 0.24, 0.48, 0.96,and 1.92 µg/μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92 μg/μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 μg/μl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03, 0.06, 0.12, 0.24, 0.48, 0.96,and 1.92 µg/μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 μg/μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 μg/μl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03125, 0.0625, 0.125, 0.25, 0.50,and 1.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3125, 0.625, 1.25, 2.5, 5, and 10mM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 mM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 mM</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion from Nonclinical and Clinical Performance Testing

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical and clinical testing, and comparative methodology review, demonstrate the effectiveness of the SMART Leish for the intended use.

Department of the Army   
U.S Army Medical Material Development Activity   
c/o Robert E. Miller, Ph.D., RAC   
Director, Division of Regulated Activities and Compliance   
1430 Veterans Drive   
Fort Detrick, MD 21702-5009   
Re: k081868   
Trade/Device Name: SMART Leish PCR Assay   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3870   
Regulation Name: Trypanosoma spp. Serological Reagents   
Regulatory Class: Class I   
Product Code: OUZ   
Dated: May 23, 2011   
Received: May 24, 2011

MAY 2 5 2011

Dear Dr. Miller:

We have reviewed your Section S10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to v   l and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class I (Special Controls), it may be subject to such adiional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Tie , Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

Page 2 -

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, Ph.D., MSc.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number (if known): k081868

Device Name: SMART Leish

Indications for Use:

The SMART Leish is a qualitative diagnostic real-time PCR test for the rapid detection of Leishmania species and the identification of L. major in skin lesion scrapings and punch biopsies from individuals suspected of having cutaneous leishmaniasis. The test utilizes real-time polymerase chain reaction assay on the Cepheid SmartCycler® II Dx to detect Leishmania species and L. major. The SMART Leish is indicated for use in patients with clinical presentations and travel history.

# WARNING

The SMART Leish is intended for use only by trained laboratory personnel in Department of Defense laboratories. Clinical performance has not been established with strains other than L. major.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Dyision Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety SMART Leish 510(k) k081868 Page 1 of 1 510(k) Notification