# OCT 2 4 2008

Ms. Cynthia C. Knapp Director Lab Services Trek Diagnostic System, Inc. 982 Keynote Circle Suite 6 Cleveland, OH 44131

Re: K081520 Trade/Device Name: The Sensititre® Vizion® Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JWY Dated: October 21, 2008 Received: October 22, 2008

Dear Ms. Knapp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index_html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall atty

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT Vizion

510(k) Number (k081520):

Device Name: The "Sensititre® Vizion

# Indications for Use:

The Sensititre® Vizion is intended for use with the Sensititre® MIC or BP Susceptibility Test System. The "Sensititre Vizion" is an instrument that takes a digital image of a Sensititre® susceptibility plate and magnifies it through the use of a dedicated software and a monitor. The Sensititre Vizion® is an alternate manual reading method for the Sensititre® MIC plates for non-fastidious Gram positive, Gram negative and fastidious organisms comprising of Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococci pneumoniae and Streptococci other than $\hat { S }$ pneumoniae.

NOTE: Please refer to the Sensititre® 18-24 hour MIC or Breakpoint Susceptibility System package insert for additional instructions, limitations, and references.

This $\bf 5 1 0 ( k )$ is for the addition of: "Vizion®

The Vizion® captures an image of a Sensititre 96 well micro-titre susceptibility plate and projects it onto a touch screen monitor. The user determines the MIC by visually looking for the presence or absence of growth in the wells.

The "Vizion" can be used as an alternate method where the user manually read the MIC result on the Sensititre System.

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Saety

510(k) K081526