JUN 2 5 2008

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Gloria Lee, Ph.D.   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs (Global Submissions) Luminex Molecular Diagnostics Inc.   
439 University Ave.   
Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Y8   
Canada   
Tel: 416.593.4323 x374   
Fax: 416.593.1001   
Email: glee@luminexcorp.com

# 2.0 Date Submitted

June 24, 2008-06-23

3.0 Device Name(s): Proprietary Name: xTAGTM Respiratory Viral Panel Classification Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay [866.3980]

# 4.0 Legally Marketed Device

xTAGTM Respiratory Viral Panel claims substantial equivalence to the xTAGTM Respiratory Viral Panel originally cleared under FDA 510(k) k063765.

# 5.0 Device Description

The xTAGTM Respiratory Viral Panel includes the following components:

• Multiplex PCR primer mix (without dNTPs)   
$\bullet$ Multiplex target specific primer extension (TSPE) primers (includes dNTPs)   
$\bullet$ Coupled bead mix   
• 10x buffer xTAGTM Data Analysis Software (TDAS RVP-I)

# 6.0 Intended Use

The $\mathbf { x } \mathrm { T A G ^ { T M } }$ Respiratory Viral Panel (RVP) is a qualitative nucleic acid multiplex test intended for the simultaneous detection and identification of multiple respiratory virus nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections.The following virus types and subtypes are identified using RVP: Influenza A, Influenza A subtype H1, Influenza A subtype H3, Influenza B, Respiratory Syncytial Virus subtype A, Respiratory Syncytial Virus subtype B, Parainfluenza 1, Parainfluenza 2, and Parainfluenza 3 virus, Human Metapneumovirus, Rhinovirus, and Adenovirus. The detection and identification of specific viral nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory viral infection if used in conjunction with ther clinical and laboratory findings. It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for Influenza B, Respiratory Syncytial Virus subtype A and B, Parainfluenza 1, Parainfluenza 2, Parainfluenza 3 and

Adenovirus, after examination using RVP be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions. Positive results do not rule out bacterial infection, or co-infection with other viruses. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of disease. The use of additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial culture, immunofluorescence, radiography) and clinical presentation must be taken into consideration in order to obtain the final diagnosis of respiratory viral infection.

Due to seasonal prevalence, performance characteristics for Influenza A/H1 were establisher primarily with retrospective specimens.

The RVP assay cannot adequately detect Adenovirus species C, or scrotypes 7a and 41. The RVP primers for detection of hinovirus cross-react with enterovirus. A hinovirus reactive result should be confirmed by an alternate method (e.g. cell culture).

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza A/H3 and A/Hl were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance charerisi may aryI ecins wi a ovel Inluenza Avirus s spece base  curet c and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected wit apropriate nfection control precautions or novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent toa sa or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate (Description of the Modification to the Legally Marketed Device)

The xTAGTM Respiratory Viral Panel performance parameters remain unchanged

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data

Not applicable.

# JUN 2 5 2008

Gloria Lee, Ph.D.   
Senior Regulatory Associate   
Luminex Molecular Diagnostics 439 University Ave.   
Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Y8

Re: k081483 Trade/Device Name: xTAGTM RVP (Respiratory Viral Panel) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OEM, OEP Dated: May 27, 2008 Received: May 28, 2008

Dear Dr. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall attoy

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): k081483 Device Name: xTAGTM Respiratory Viral Panel Indication For Use:

The xTAGTM Respiratory Viral Panel (RVP) is a qualitative nucleic acid multiplex test intended for the simultaneous detection and identificationofmultiple respiratoryvirus nuclcic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following virus types and subtypes are identified using RVP: Influenza A, Influenza A subtype H1, Influenza A subtype H3, Influenza B, Respiratory Syncytial Virus subtype A, Respiratory Syncytial Virus subtype B, Parainfluenza 1, Parainfluenza 2, and Parainfluenza 3 virus, Human Metapneumovirus, Rhinovirus, and Adenovirus. The detection and identification of specific viral nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory viral infection if used in conjunction with oher clinical and laboratory findings. It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for Influenza B, Respiratory Syncytial Virus subtype A and B, Parainfluenza 1, Parainfluenza 2, Parainfluenza 3 and Adenovirus, after examination using RVP be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.Positive results do not uleout bacterial infection, o co-nfection with other vis. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of disease.The use of additional laboratory testing (e.. bacterial culture, immunofluorescence, radiography) and clinical presentation must be taken into consideration in order to obtain the final diagnosis of respiratory viral infection.

Due to seasonal prevalence, performance characteristics for Influenza A/H1 were established primarily with retrospective specimens.

The RVP assay cannot adequately detect Adenovirus species C, or serotypes $\mathbf { 7 a }$ and 41. The RVP primers for detetin ivirus coss-react wi etvirus.Ahvius reactiv esult ould be cnr y an alternate method (e.g. cell culture).

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance chc my vIs wa ovelIAvi s  basnurr and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collectd wiapppriatenfection control reutions ornovelvirulent Inuenzavirues n sent o se or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)