# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Device Manufacturer: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
Contact name: Libby Warriner, Regulatory Affairs Senior Compliance Specialist   
Fax: 916-374-3144   
Date prepared: April 23, 2008   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels   
Trade Name: MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels   
Intended Use: Detection of inducible clindamycin resistance in staphylococci   
510(k) Notification: New antimicrobial test - Inducible Clindamycin   
Predicate device: MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels are designed for use in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive cocci.

The antimicrobial susceptibility tests are miniaturizations of the broth dilution susceptibility test that have been diluted in broth and dehydrated. Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in broth to concentrations bridging the range of clinical interest. Panels are rehydrated with water after inoculation with a standardized suspension of the organism. After incubation in a non-CO2 incubator for 16-20 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is read by determining the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth.

The proposed MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel with the Inducible Clindamycin test demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI D-zone disk diffusion test, as defined in the FDA document "Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", dated March 5, 2007, and "Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff— Statistical Guidance on Reporting Results from Studies Evaluating Diagnostic Tests", dated March 13, 2007. The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of the MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel with the Inducible Clindamycin test.

The external design validation (Clinical Trial) was conducted with fresh and stock Efficacy isolates and stock Challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed Dried Gram-Positive Panel by comparing its performance with results of the CLSI D-zone disk diffusion test. Challenge strains were compared to Expected Results determined prior to the evaluation.

The MicroScan Inducible Clindamycin test demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Categorical Agreement of $9 8 . 7 \%$ when compared with the CLSI D-zone disk diffusion test. Overall sensitivity was $9 8 . 1 \%$ and specificity was $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ .

Inoculum and instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated aceptable reproducibility and precision with Inducible Clindamycin, regardless of which inoculum method (i.e., Turbidity and Prompt™M), or instrument (autoSCAN- $4 ^ { \mathfrak { Q } }$ and WalkAway) was used.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for the MicroScan Inducible Clindamycin test.

Ms. Libby Warriner   
Regulatory Affairs Compliance Specialist   
Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
1584 Enterprise Blvd   
West Sacramento, CA 95691

# AUG - 8 2008

Re: K081182 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram Positive MIC/Combo Panels with the Inducible Clindamycin test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JWY, LRG, LTT, LTW Dated: July 23, 2008 Received: July 25, 2008

Dear Ms. Warriner:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally markete preicatedevi results n  classiication or yourdeviceand thus, permits your eve to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall attog

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K0818

Device Name: MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels with the Inducible Clindamycin Test

Indications For Use:

The MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive cocci. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 16  24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non$\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ incubator, and read either visually or with MicroScan instrumentation, according to the Package Insert.

The MicroScan Inducible Clindamycin test is intended to detect inducible clindamycin resistance in staphylococci in a broth microdilution system. The ICd test applies to isolates that are erythromycin resistant or intermediate and clindamycin susceptible or intermediate.

This particular submission is for the addition of the Inducible Clindamycin test, consisting of $4 \mathrm { m c g / m l }$ of erythromycin and $0 . 5 \mathrm { m c g / m l }$ of clindamycin, to the test panel.

The gram-positive organisms which may be used for the Inducible Clindamycin test in this panel are:

Staphylococcus spp