# Applicant:

DIAGNOSTIC HYBRIDS, INC. 1055 East State Street Suite 100 Athens, OHI0 45701

# DEC 2 3 2008

# Contact Information:

Gail R. Goodrum   
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs   
E-mail: goodrum@dhiusa.com   
Telephone: 740-589-3300   
Desk Extension: 740-589-3380   
FAX: 740-593-8437

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

June 13, 2008

# Device Name:

Trade name $- \mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit   
Common name  Fluorescent antibody test for screening Influenza A   
Classification name  Antisera, Cf, Influenza Virus A, B, C   
Product Code  GNW   
Regulation  21 CFR 866.3330, Class I, Influenza virus serological reagents; Panel   
Microbiology (83)

Legally marketed device to which equivalence is claimed:

K061101, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit

Intended Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Scrcening Kit, is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of influenza A, while screening for influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 viral antigens, in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates or in cell culture. The assay detects viral antigens by immunofluorescencc using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A H3N2 and influenza A H1N1 were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological sereening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to a state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Device Description:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. devicc, ${ \mathrm { D } } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit, uses a blend of viral antigen-specific murine MAbs. MAbs for influenza A virus are directly labeled with R-phycoerythrin (R-PE) for the rapid detection and identification of influenza A virus. MAbs for influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 are directly labeled with fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC), for rapid detection of these agents.

Kit components:

•D3 Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Reagent - R  
phycoerythrin-labeled murine MAbs directed against influenza A virus and a mixture of fluorescein-labeled murine MAbs directed against influenza B, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution also contains Evans Blue as a counterstain and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.   
Normal Mouse Gamma Globulin DFA Reagent - a mixture of fluorescein labeled murine gamma globulin that has been shown to be non-reactive with any of the listed respiratory viruses. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evans Blue as a counter-stain and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.   
Respiratory Virus Antigen Control Slides  five individually packaged control slides containing wells with cell culture-derived positive and negative control cells. Each positive well is identified with the virus infected cells present, i.e., influenza A virus, influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3. The negative well contains uninfected cultured cells. Each slide is intended to be stained only one time.   
Wash Solution Concentrate - a 40X concentrate consisting of Tween 20 and $4 \%$ sodium azide $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide after dilution in de-mineralized water) in a $4 0 X$ phosphate buffered saline solution.

Mounting Fluid an aqueous, buffered stabilized solution ofglycerol and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide.

The cells to be tested, derived from a clinical specimen or cell culture, are placed onto a glass slide and allowed to air dry. The cells are fixed in acetone. The $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Reagent is added to the cells which are then incubated for 15 to 30 minutes at 35° to 37°C in a humidified chamber or humidified incubator. The stained cells are then washed with the diluted wash solution, a drop of the supplied Mounting Fluid is added and a coverslip is placed on the prepared cells. The cells are examined using a fluorescence microscope. The influenza A virus infected cells will fluoresce golden-yellow, while cells infected with any of the other six viruses will fluoresce apple-green. Uninfected cells will contain no fluorescence but will be stained red by the Evans Bluc counter-stain. If only golden-yellow fluorescent cells are present the specimen can be reported as positive for influenza A antigen. If only apple-green fluorescent cells are prescnt, the particular virus may be identified using the individual reagents from the D³ Ultra™M DFA Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit (D3 Ultra) on new, separate cell preparatis.I both golden-yellow and apple-green are presnt, the aitial iusy sgheviual t $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra on new, separate cell preparations.

# Technological Characteristics:

The DHI device, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 } ~ D u e t$ , has been compared directly to the DHI device, $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra, as the legally marketed device. The technology used in both devices is based on a standard immunofluorescence assay technique utilizing either R-PE or FITC-labeled MAbs. A summary is provided in Table 5.1 below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TABLE 5.1: Technological Characteristics Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D Ultra DFA Respiratory VirusScreening &amp; ID Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Monoclonal antibodies (MAbs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Influenza A/Respiratory Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Respiratory Virus DFA Screening</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DFA Screening Reagentcontains 12 MAbs to 6 differentrespiratory viruses (influenza B virus,respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virus type 1,parainfluenza virus type 2,parainfluenza virus type 3), plus 2MAbs to influenza A virus.One of the 2 MAbs to influenza Avirus is different from either of thoseused in the D³ Ulira Reagent; thesecond is the same.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagentcontains 12 MAbs to 6 differentrespiratory viruses (influenza B virus,respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virus type 1,parainfluenza virus type 2,parainfluenza virus type 3), plus 2MAbs to influenza A virus.</td></tr></table>

Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. D' duet DfA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit Page 4 of 13   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>TABLE 5.1: Technological Characteristics Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>D Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^ Ultra DFA Respiratory VirusScreening &amp; ID Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Labeling method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Direct labeling,- using R-phycoerythrin (R-PE) tolabel the MAbs to influenza A virusantigens- using fluorescein isothiocyanate(FITC) to label all other MAbs withfluorescein moiety</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct labeling,- using fluorescein isothiocyanate(FITC) to label all MAbs withfluorescein moiety</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fluorescein-labeled MAbs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Influenza B virus, respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus, parainfluenza virustype 1, parainflucnza virus type 2,parainfluenza virus type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus, influenza B virus,respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virus type I,parainfluenza virus type 2,parainfluenza virus type 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Phycoerythrin-labeled MAbs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Influenza A virus(Phycoerythrin-labeled influenza Avirus MAbs stain with golden-yellowfluorescence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None(Fluorescein-labeled influenza A virusMAbs stain with apple-greenfluorescence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cell Fixative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cell Fixative is the same for both devices:Acetone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Performance characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Staining patterns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Staining patterns are the same for both devices:Influenza A and B: The fluorescence is cytoplasmic, nuclear or both.Cytoplasmic staining is often punctate with large inclusions while nuclearstaining is uniformly bright.Respiratory Syncytial Virus: The fluorescence is cytoplasmic and punctatewith small inclusions in the syncytia.Parainfluenza 1, 2, 3: The fluorescence is cytoplasmic and punctate withirregular inclusions. Types 2 and 3 cause the formation of syncytia.Adenovirus: The fluorescence is cyloplasmic and punctate or bright nuclear orboth.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Analytical sensitivity, accordingto 96-well cell culture platesinfected with Flu A diluted togive a TCID50 of 1 per 0.2-mLinoculum (reported as avcrageof 4 runs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>There is no significant difference betwcen the two devices for analyticalsensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>34.3 ± 12.0culture positives out of 96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>34.8 + 9.7culture positives out of 96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Analytical specificity (forinfluenza A virus strains; MAbsare reactive with all listedstrains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Mabs to influenza A virus were shown to be reactive with these virus strains:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>9 Flu A strains (Aichi, VR-547(H3N2); Mal, VR-98 (H1N1); HongKong, VR-544 (H3N2); Denver, VR-546 (H1N1); Port Chalmers, VR-810(H3N2); Victoria, VR-822 (H3N2);New Jersey, VR-897(H1N1); WS, VR-1520 (H1N1); PR, VR-95 (H1N1))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>9 Flu A strains (Aichi, VR-547(H3N2); Mal, VR-98 (H1N1); HongKong, VR-544 (H3N2); Denver, VR-546 (H1N1); Port Chalmers, VR-810(H3N2); Victoria, VR-822 (H3N2);New Jersey, VR-897(H1N1); WS, VR-1520 (H1N1); PR, VR-95 (H1N1))</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Analyticalspecificity (crossreactivity studies;various strains ofmicroorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Device Screening Reagent is not reactive with thesc microorganisms:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydiaspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 5.1: Technological Characteristics Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Characteristicand cell lines)     YeastProtozoanCell lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^ Ultra DFA Respiratory VirusScreening &amp; ID Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protozoan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr></table>

# Non-Clinical Performance:

Staining patterns of the phycoerythrin-labeled influenza A virus MAbs on influenza A virus infected cells were similar to those of the Predicate device.

# Precision/Reproducibility:

Assay precision, intra-assay variability and inter assay variability were assessed with a panel of proficiency-level antigen control slides. The pancl consisted of slides spotted with cell preparations of the following:

1. Low level influenza A (Victoria strain)   
Mid level influenza A (Victoria strain)   
3. Low level influenza A (Victoria strain) mixed with Mid level RSV (Washington strain)   
4. Mid level influenza A (Victoria strain) mixed with Low level RSV (Washington strain)   
5. Low level respiratory virus (either influenza virus B {Taiwan strain}, adenovirus type 1, Parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, or 3 (strains C35, Greer, C243 respectively). This panel member was rotated during the 5-days of testing so that cach virus is tested twice.

6Negative — no infected cells present

The low level is estimated to contain between 4 to 10% infected cells per cell spot. The mid level is estimated to contain between 20 to 25% infected cells per cell spot. Both levels were below the level used in quality control slides. Each panel member was re-coded daily to prevent its identification. Each panel was stained twice per day for 5-days by three different laboratorics.

The following results were recorded for both the control slide and the panel slide:

1. Presence or absence of Yellow-gold fluorescence.   
2. Percent of cells exhibiting Yellow-gold fluorescence   
3. Presence or absence of Green fluorescence   
4. Percent of cells exhibiting Green fluorescence   
The combined data for negative specimens - no infected cells present - from the three sites demonstrates that the R-PE labeled and FITC labeled MAbs   
reproducibly do not stain uninfected cells. No fluoresccnt cells were scen in $100 \%$ (60/60) of the wells lacking infected cells.

The combined data from the three sites demonstrates reproducible detection of influenza A virus by the R-PE labeled MAbs. The presence of influenza A virus infected cells was reported in $9 5 . 3 \%$ (143/150) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Influenza A virus detection SSummary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl Slide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low LevelSlide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid-LevelSlide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Level withMid-Level RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid-Level withLow Level RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3% (25/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% (28/30)</td></tr></table>

The combined data demonstrates the reproducibility of the detection of respiratory syncytial virus by the FITC labeled MAbs. The presence of respiratory syncytial virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (90/90) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Respiratory syncytial virus detection Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control Slide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Level Influenza Awith Mid-Level RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid-Level Influenza Awith Low Level RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr></table>

The combined data demonstrates that the presence of R-PE fluorescent cells reproducibly does not interfere with the detection of respiratory syncytial virus by the FITC labeled MAbs. The presence of respiratory syncytial virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (53/53) of the wells in which the R-PE stained infected cells were present:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Respiratory syncytial virus detection in the presence of R-PE positive cellsSummary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Level R-PE stained cells with Mid-Level RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid-Level R-PE stained cells with LowLevel RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (25/25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (28/28)</td></tr></table>

The combined data from all three sites demonstrates that the presence of R-PE in the stain reproducibly does not interfere with the FITC staining of other viruses. The presence of influenza B virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (36/36) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of adenovirus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (36/36) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of parainfluenza virus type 1 virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (36/36) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of parainfluenza virus type 2 virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (36/36) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of parainfluenza virus type 3 virus infccted cells was reported in EPY $100 \%$ (36/36) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected.

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Respiratory virus detection in the presence of R-PE Summary</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

D² duet DFa Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit Page 7 of 13   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusControl Slide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low LevelAdenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BVirus ControlSlide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low LevelInfluenza BVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenzatype 1Control Slide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low LevelParainfluenzatype 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenzatype 2Control Slide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low LevelParainfluenzatype 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenzatype 3Control Slide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low LevelParainfluenzatype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

The reproducibility study data demonstrates that the presence of R-PE in the stain reproducibly does not interfere with the detection of the 5 respiratory viruses by their respective FITC labeled MAbs.

# Analytical specificity

Results for analytical detection limit for the seven viruses detected by the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ EY Duet were reported in numbers of fluorescent cells per cell monolayer. Each master stock virus preparation was diluted in a ten-fold manner. Four wells of a 96-well cell culture plate were inoculated with each dilution. The plates were centrifuged at $7 0 0 \mathrm { x g }$ for 60 minutes, and then incubated at $3 5 ^ { \circ }$ to $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24- hours. Four wells from each dilution were stained with the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet. Each well was then examined at $2 0 0 \mathrm { x }$ magnification and the number of fluorescent cells counted. The table below lists the virus identity and strain along with the fluorescent cell count.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity of D³ Duet compared with that ofD^{ Ultra MAbs(values are numbers of fluorescent cells per cellmonolayer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Virus strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">VirusDilutions frommaster stock</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Fluorescent staining cells/well</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ }Duet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ Ultra</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Influenza A virus(PR, VR-95 HINl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 3, 2, 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 3, 0, 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,0, 1, 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$0,0,1,0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 0, 0, 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$00,00$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Influenza B virus(Hong Kong, VR-823)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4, 1, 6, 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 4, 3, 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-5$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 0, 1, 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 0, 2, 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 0, 0, 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,0, 0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Adenovirus (Type8, VR-8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 1, 3, 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 3, 2, 4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,0, 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 0, 0, 0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV (Washington,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 0, 3, 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2, 3, 2, 0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity of D³ Duet compared with that ofD^{ Ultra MAbs(values are numbers of fluorescent cells per cellmonolayer)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Virus strainVR-1401)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">VirusDilutions frommaster stock</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Fluorescent staining cells/well</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D{ Duet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^3 Ultra</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,1, 1, 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,1, 0,0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,0,0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parainfluenza 1 (C-35, VR-94)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7, 7, 6, 8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9,8, 4,6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2, 2, 3, 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,0,2, 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 0, 0, 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,0,0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parainfluenza 2(Greer, VR-92)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4,0,3,1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4, 3, 1, 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 2, 0, 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$01,1,1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,0,0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$0,0,0,0$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parainfluenza 3 (C243, VR-93)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3, 3, 0, 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 1, 3, 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 0, 1, 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,1,1,0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,0,0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,0,0,0</td></tr></table>

Analytical reactivity (inclusivity) o the $\mathbb { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet was evaluated using 10 influenza A virus and 4 influenza B virus strains. Four wells of a 96-well cell culture plate were inoculated with each viral strain (diluted to less than 20- EY $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ per $0 . 2 { \cdot } \mathrm { m L }$ inoculum). The plates were centrifuged at $7 0 0 \mathrm { x g }$ for 60 minutes, and then incubated at $3 5 ^ { \mathrm { { o } } }$ to $3 7 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ for 24-hours. Four wells from cach strain were stained with the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet, and each well was then examined at $2 0 0 \mathbf { x }$ magnification and the number of fluorescent cells counted. The table below lists the virus idcntity and strain along with the fluorescent cell count.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Analytical Reactivity (inclusivity) of D² Duet with various influenza A virus and influenza B virus strains (values are numbers of fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza strain</td><td>per cell monolayer) Fluorescent staining cells/cell monolayer</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Wisconsit/56/ 2005</td><td>3, 2, 1, 0</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A WS, VR-1520 (H1N1)</td><td>6, 6, 6, 4</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Hong Kong, VR-544 (I13N2)</td><td>3, 4. 5, 5</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A New Jersey, VR-897</td><td>9, 12, 14, 15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Analytical Reactivity (inclusivity) of D³ Duetwith various influenza A virus andinfluenza B virus strains(values are numbers of fluorescent cellsper cell monolayer)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenzastrain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescent staining cells/cellmonolayer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza ΛVictoria, VR-822(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3, 3, 3, 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A PR,VR-95 (I1INI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3, 9, 9, 6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A PortChalmers, VR-810(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6, 6, 9, 10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influcnza A Aichi,VR-547 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3, 7, 9, 11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza ADenver, VR-546(HINI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13, 14, 11, 10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Mal,VR-98 (H1NI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8, 3, 6, 4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza BGL/1739/54, VR-103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7, 6, 7, 7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influcnza BTaiwan/2/62, VR-295</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3, 1, 2, 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B IIongKong/5/72, VR-823</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3, 2, 0, 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza BMaryland/1/59,VR-296</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5, 6, 6, 8</td></tr></table>

Based on the data presented above, the assay can reliably detect influenza A virus and influenza B virus strains exhibiting both temporal and geographical diversity at viral levels near the limit of detection in cell culture. Analytical sensitivity of the phycoerythrin-labeled influenza A MAbs of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet was determined, and compared to that of the fluorescein-labeled influcnza $\Lambda$ MAbs of the $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra. Cell monolayers of R-Mix in 96-well plates were inoculated with prepared virus stock of influenza A virus, Victoria strain, VR-822 (H3N2), diluted to give a $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } \mathrm { } ^ { \mathrm { } \mathrm { } \mathrm { } ^ { \mathrm { } \mathrm { } \mathrm { } } }$ of 1 per 0.2-mL inoculum. The plates were incubated at $3 7 ^ { \circ } C$ for 24 hours. Monolayers were stained using the procedures in the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra's labeling or the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet's draft labeling. The assay was performed four times. Results indicate that analytical sensitivities of the phycoerythrin-labeled and the fluorcscein-labeled influenza A MAbs are not statistically different, by a paired t-testb.

# Clinical Performance:

# Direct fresh specimens:

A study was performed prospectively at three sites with 1203 fresh specimens that were received for respiratory virus testing. Each specimen was evaluated by the D² Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit and a cleared DSFA device for the presence of influenza A, influenza B, respiratory syncyial virus, adenovirus, parainflucnza 1, parainfluenza 2 and parainfluenza 3 in cells derived from clinical specimens. A total of nineteen specimens were excluded from analysis due to a site deviations, duplicate specimen, insufficient cell numbers, or high background. These cxclusions left 1184 specimen results for analysis.

The following tables detail the summary of the comparison of the $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet and the cleared DSFA comparator assay, combined for study sites $1 , 2 ,$ and 3:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>D² Duet R-PE identification of influenza A virus positive specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Specimen (1184 Specimens)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D Ultra Final Identification(influenza A virus)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>D^{ Duet R-PE(influenza A virus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1084</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99% (99/100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI- PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI- NPA</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7, 100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">D Duet FITC detection of influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, andparainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 viruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Direet Specimen (1184 Specimens)</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">→</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D Ultra Final Identification</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">D Duel FITC Screen</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">386</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">798*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (386/386)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">95% CI- PPA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">−</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% CI- NPA</td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5,100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">    psy ov u e.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Virus Follow-up Identification of 386 D² Duet FITC Positive Specimens for influenza Bvirus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3viruses, using D' Ultra Identification Reagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Virus</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">95%CIforSensitivity</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">95% CIforSpecificity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TP/(TP+FN)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">percent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TN/(TN+FP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">percent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza Bvirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74.12, 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1173/1173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7, 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52/52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.1,100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1132/1132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7,100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzatype 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.0, 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1180/1180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7, 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzatype 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.1, 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1183/1183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7, 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzatype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2, 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1165/1165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7, 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RespiratorySyncytial Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">299/299</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.7, 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">885/885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6, 100</td></tr></table>

The ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet's ability to identify influenza A virus using phycoerythrin in direct specimens was compared to the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra's ability using fluorescein. The positive percent agreement was $9 9 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI range of $9 4 . 5 \%$ to $9 9 . 8 \%$ ). The negative percent agreement was $100 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI range of $9 9 . 7 \%$ to $100 \%$ When the ability of the ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet to detect the six other respiratory viruses using fluorescein in direct specimens was compared to the $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra's ability using fluorescein, the positive percent agreement was $100 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI range of $9 9 . 0 \%$ EY to $100 \%$ . The negative percent agreement was $100 \%$ $9 5 \%$ Cl range of $9 9 . 5 \%$ EY to $100 \%$

Specimen type distribution:

Tables below show the study results by the claimed specimen type. Results from sites $1 , 2 .$ , and 3 have been combined.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Influenza A virus by specimen type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimentype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PPA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95%CI forPPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>NPA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI forNPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TN/(TNFP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>percent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>61/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4, 99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>525/525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3, 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>38/38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8, 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>501/501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2, 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>D Duet FITC detection of influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus,and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 viruses by specimen type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Specimentype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95%CI forPPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NPA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>95% CI forNPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>percent</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196/196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1, 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391/391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0, 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173/173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8, 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366/366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0, 100</td></tr></table>

# Cultured specimens:

To evaluate the performance of this device using cultured clinical specimens, a fourth study was performed with 298 frozen specimens to compare performance of the $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit with that of the predicate for the presence of Influenza A, Influenza B, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Adenovirus, Parainfluenza 1, Parainfluenza 2 and Parainfluenza 3 (Para 3) from cultured clinical specimens. At Study Site 4, 298 frozen specimens wcre processed for cell culture testing in accordance with the procedure in the Comparator product insert (same procedure for both Subject and Comparator devices) using R-Mix TooTM FreshCellsTM in 48/24-fll multi-well plates. All specimens at study site 4 were derived from nasopharyngeal specimens. The results of this study are presented below. The table below shows the age distribution for individuals studied at site 4:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 4 (culture) - Age Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1 month - 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;2 - 12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;12 - 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 - 30 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31-40 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41- 50 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51- 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 - 70 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 - 80 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81- 90 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;90 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td></tr></table>

The following tables detail the results of the cell culture study's comparison of $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet's phycoerythrin-labeled MAbs identification of influenza A virus positive specimens, and $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet's fluorescein-labeled MAbs detection of influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types $1 , 2 ,$ and 3 positive specimens.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Study Site 4 (culture) - D² Duet R-PE identification of influenza A virus positive specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cell Culture (298 Specimens)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">D Ultra Final Identification(influenza A virus)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">D^{ Duet R-PE(influenza A virus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">231</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (67/67)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI- PPA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.6, 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI- NPA</td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.4, 100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Study Site 4 (culture) -D² Duet FITC detection of influenza B virus, respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Culture (298 Specimens)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D Ultra Final Identification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>D Duet FITC Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (72/72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI- PPA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI- NPA</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4,100%</td></tr></table>

A variety of viral respiratory pathogens werc isolated. Virus identification of D3 Duet FITC Positive Specimens using $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra Identification Reagents yiclded the following isolates: influenza A virus [prevalence $2 2 . 5 \%$ (67/298)], influenza B virus [prevalence $6 . 7 \%$ (20/298)], respiratory syncytial virus [prevalence EY $1 1 . 1 \%$ (33/298)], adenovirus [prevalence $3 . 4 \%$ (10/298)], parainfluenza type 1 virus [prevalence $1 . 7 \% ( 5 / 2 9 8 ) ] ,$ , parainfluenza type 2 virus [prevalence $1 . 0 \%$ EY (3/298)], and parainfluenza type 3 virus [prevalencc $3 . 0 \%$ (9/298)).

There were sixteen co-infections as follows: three influenza A virus $^ +$ parainfluenza type 3 virus, one influenza A virus $^ +$ parainfluenza type 1 virus, one influenza A virus $^ +$ parainfluenza type 2 virus, two influenza A virus $^ +$ respiratory syncytial virus, one influenza A virus $^ +$ adenovirus, one influenza B virus $+$ parainfluenza type 2 virus, one influenza B virus $+$ parainfluenza type 3 virus, one influenza B virus $+$ respiratory syncytial virus, one respiratory syncytial virus $+$ parainfluenza type 1 virus, two respiratory syncytial virus $^ +$ parainfluenza type 3 virus, one adenovirus $^ +$ parainfluenza type 1 virus and one adenovirus $+$ parainfluenza type 3 virus.

Gail R. Goodrum   
Vice President of Regulatory Affairs Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc.   
1055 East State Street   
Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701

Re: k081746 Trade/Device Name: ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GNW Dated: November 26, 2008 Received: November 28, 2008

Dear Ms. Goodrum:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sall atto

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Section 04 - Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k081746

Device Name: D³ Duet DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit

Indication for Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, D³ Duer DFA Influenza A/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit, is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of influenza A, while screening for influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 viral antigens, in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates or in cell culture. The assay detects viral antigens by immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A H3N2 and influenza A H1N1 were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to a state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)