BIOMERIEUX

K082346   
MAR 1 6 2009

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Doripenem

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

bioMerieux, Inc.

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

# Contact Person:

Jolyn Tenllado Associate Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Phone Number. Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
August 14, 2008

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Doripenem $( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 8 | | g / \min | )$

Classification Name:

Fuly Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-GN Doripenem

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK 2 Gram Negative Levofloxacin (K072038)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Doripenem is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative microorganisms. It is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Doripenem has been shown to be active against the organisms listed below according to the FDA label for the antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Acinetobacter baumannii   
Escherichia coli   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Proteus mirabilis   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Active in vitro but clinical significance unknown:   
Citrobacter freundii   
Enterobacter cloacae   
Enterobacter aerogenes   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Morganella morganii   
Serratia marcescens

The antimicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in 0.45 - 0 .50% saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK 2 System automatically ills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK 2 Compact has a manual filing and sealing operation. The VITEK 2 monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours).At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MiC value along with the interpretive category result for each antbiotic contained on the card.

VITEK 2 Gram Negative Doripenem demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA, Issued March 5, 2007.

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK 2 Gram Negative Doripenem. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates and stock challenge strains. The extemal evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK 2 Gram Negative Doripenem by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms, as evidenced in the AST equivalency study presented in the VITEK 2 Compact 510(k), K050002. VITEK 2 Gram Negative Doripenem demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 7 . 9 \%$ overall Category Agreement Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

MAR I 6 2009

Ms. Jolyn Tenllado   
Associate Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
bioMérieux   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: k082346 Trade/Device Name: VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ Gram Negative Doripenem $( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Short-Term Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: March 12, 2009 Received: March 13, 2009

Dear Ms Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Numer(ikw): 0823467

Device Name: VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Doripenem $( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m l } )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Doripenem is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative microorganisms and is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK 2 Gram Negative is a quantitative test. Doripenem has been shown to be active against the microorganisms listed below according to the FDA label for the antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Acinetobacter baumannii   
Escherichia coli   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Proteus mirabilis   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Active in vitro but clinical significance unknown:   
Citrobacter freundii   
Enterobacter cloacae   
Enterobacter aerogenes   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Serratia marcescens

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative sutibility stigolatcolns rheostclinically nfiant aerobam negative bacili Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp. Streptococcus agalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.

Prescription Use _X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

,  Dvi

tal at Division Sign-Off :

Page 1 of 1

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety