# 510 (k) Summary

# Applicant Contact Information:

Applicant: Address:

Maine Molecular Quality Controls, Inc. (MMQCI)   
10 Southgate Road, Suite 170   
Scarborough, Maine 04074

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number:

Joan H. Gordon, President   
207-885-1072   
207-885-1079

Preparation Date:

October 19, 2008

Device Trade Name: INTROLTM CF Panel I Control

Device Regulatory Information: Regulation No.: Common name: Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.5910   
Quality control, genetic, DNA control   
Quality Control Material for Cystic Fibrosis Nucleic Acid   
Assays   
Class II   
NZB   
Immunology (82)

Regulatory Class: Product Code: Panel:

Predicate Device: K060070

# INTROLTM CF Panel I Control

# Device Description (same as predicate):

Modified INTROLTM CF Panel I Control consists of synthetic (recombinant) CFTR DNA suspended in a matrix of carrier DNA of non-human species, preservatives, dye, and stabilizers. CFTR DNA is stabilized in the matrix and released when processed through common extraction methods as if it were a whole blood specimen. INTROLTM CF Panel I Control was modified to contain additional wild type CFTR DNA required for primer annealing of some CFTR detection assays.

# 510(k) Summary (Cont.)

# Device Intended Use (same as predicate):

INTROLTM CF Panel I Control is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a quality control to monitor analytical performance of the extraction, amplification and detection steps of diagnostic assays used in the detection of the Cystic FibrosisTransmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) gene mutations and variants. This product is intended to be extracted and analyzed routinely with each CFTR assay run. The INTROLTM CF Panel I Control is designed to monitor the detection of 38 CFTR mutations associated with cystic fibrosis, including the 23 mutations recommended for testing by American College of Medical Genetics (ACMG) and American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG). The INTROLTM CF Panel I Control also monitors 3 polymorphisms (I506V, I507V, F508C) and the 5/7/9T variants.

# Substantial Equivalence:

In view of technical, physical, and performance characteristics, MMQCI believes modified INTROLTM CF Panel I Control is substantially equivalent to INTROLTM CF Panel I Control (K060070) as to intended use and fundamental scientific technology.

# Summary of Performance Nonclinical Data

Verification and validation testing performed as needed according to risk analysis showed that modified INTROLTM CF Panel I Control performed as well or better than INTROL™M CF Panel I Control (K060070). Test methods were the same as those used for 510(k) submission of the predicate. Design outputs of modified INTROL CF Panel I Control meet design inputs in conformance with design control requirements as specified in 21 CFR 820.30.

# Conclusions

Based on analysis and performance testing, we conclude that modified INTROLTM CF Panel I Control is substantially equivalent to INTROLTM CF Panel I Control (K060070), is as safe and effective as the predicate, and performs better than the predicate in certain CFTR detection assays.

Maine Molecular Quality Controls, Inc. c/o Ms. Joan H. Gordon   
President   
10 Southgate Road, Suite 170   
Scarborough, Maine 04074

# DEC 1 6 2008

Re: k083171 Trade/Device Name: INTROLTM CF Panel I Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.5910 Regulation Name: DNA quality control material for genetic testing Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: NZB Dated: October 19, 2008 Received: October 27, 2008

Dear Ms. Gordon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice

Page 2 - MMQCI

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Duphune Dan for Acring I. Csin Dhiector Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

510 (k) Number: K083171

# Device Name:

INTROLTM CF Panel I Control

Indications for Use:

The intended use for the cleared and modified INTROLTM CF Panel I Controls is the same. The INTROL TM CF Panel I Control is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a quality control to monitor analytical performance of the extraction, amplification and detection steps of diagnostic assays used in the detection of the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) gene mutations and variants. This product is intended to be extracted and analyzed routinely with each CFTR assay run.

The INTROL ™ CF Panel I Control is designed to monitor the detection of 38 CFTR mutations associated with cystic fibrosis, including the 23 mutations recommended for testing by American College of Medical Genetics (ACMG) and American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG). The INTROL CF Panel I Control also monitors 3 polymorphisms (1506V, I507V, F508C) and the 5/7/9T variants.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IFNEEDED Atiphin Pautii Divisiog Signl-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K083171