Arbor Vita Corporation AVantage™ A/H5N1 Flu Test Pre-market Notification

K083278

APR - 8 2009

# SECTION 7

510(k) SUMMARY

# SECTION 7 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is K083278.

807.92 (a)(1): Name:

AVantage™M A/H5N1 Flu Test

Address:

772 Lucerne Drive Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Phone: 408-585-3909 FAX: 408-585-3901 Contact: Dr. Linda McAllister

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade name: AVantageTMA/H5N1 Flu Test

Common Name: Reagents for the qualitative detection of influenza virus subtype H5N1

Classification: CFR §21. 866.3332

807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate device The AVantage™M A/H5N1 Flu Test is substantially equivalent to two previously cleared products, namely the CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-time RT-PCR Detection and Characterization Panel (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA) based on intended use and cleared under K080570, and the QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ Test (Quidel Corporation, San Diego, CA), based on technological characteristics and cleared under K053146.

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test is a rapid diagnostic device that detects the presence of the H5N1 subtype from throat swabs or nose swabs collected from patients with flu symptoms, or in viral cultures for the presumptive laboratory identification of influenza H5N1 virus. It is an immunoassay, using a combination of monoclonal antibodies and recombinant proteins containing PDZ domains to capture and detect NS1.

The AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test begins with the extraction of the influenza A H5N1 NS1 viral antigen. The patient sample is prepared by delivering the swab to the transport medium. Sample is then transferred to the lyophilized Lysis Buffer vial (Reagent A) which contains a lysing agent where cells are lysed, releasing intracellular proteins. Next, the Loading Buffer (Reagent B) is added to condition the sample." The sample is then added to the Detector (Reagent C), which contains lyophilized colloidal gold-conjugated monoclonal anti-influenza A antibodies that recognize a broad range of influenza A subtypes and strains. After re-suspension of the antibodies, the solution is added to the"sample well of the AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test cassette, where NS1 in the specimen will react with reagents on the membrane of the cassette. The results are read visually by observing the presence or absence of lines on the membrane at the indicated locations.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test is intended for the in vitro qualitative detection of influenza A/H5Ni virus directly from symptomatic patient nasal or throat swab specimens or in viral cultures for the presumptive laboratory identification of influenza A/H5N1 virus.

Results from testing with the AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test should be used in conjunction with other laboratory testing and clinical and epidemiological risk factors for the presumptive identification of patients infected with Influenza H5N1 virus. AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test is intended as a Prescription Use. device.

Testing should not be performed unless the patient meets the most current U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) clinical and epidemiologic criteria for testing suspect A/H5 specimens. The definitive identification of influenza A/H5 either directly from patient specimens or from viral cultures requires additional laboratory testing, along with clinical and epidemiological assessment in consultation with national influenza surveillance experts.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arbor Vita AVantageTM A/H5N1 CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-timeRT-PCR Detection andCharacterization Pannel(rRT-PCR Flu Panel) K080570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel QuickVue Influenza A+B Test)K053146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use×:(</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The AVantage™M A/H5NI Flu Test isintended for the in vitro qualitativedetection of Influenza H5N1 virusdirectly from symptomatic patient nasalfor throat swab specimens or in viralculture for the presumptive laboratoryidentification of Influenza HSN1 virus.Results from testing with theAVantage™M A/H5N1 Flu Test shouldbe used in conjunction with otherlaboratory testing and clinical andepidemiological risk factors for thepresumptive identification of patientsinfected with Influenza H5N1 virus.AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test isintended as a Prescription Use device.Testing should not be performed unlessthe patient meets the most current U.S.Department of Health and HumanServices (DHHS) clinical andepidemiologic criteria for testingsuspect A/H5 specimens. Thedefinitive identification of influenzaA/H5 (Asian lineage) either directlyfrom patient specimens or from viralcultures requires additional laboratorytesting, along with clinical andepidemiological assessment inconsultation with national influenzasurveillance experts.Negative results do not preclude</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test is intended for use in real-time RT-PCR assays on an ABI 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR instrument in conjunction withclinical and epidemiological information:1)for qualitative detection of influenzavirus type A or B in symptomaticpatients from viral RNA innasopharyngeal and/or nasal swabspecimens,2  for determination of the subtype ofseasonal human influenza A virus, asseasonal A/H1 or A/H3, if present, fromviral RNA in nasopharyngeal and/ornasal swab specimens,for presumptive identification of virus inpatients who may be infected withinfluenza A/H5 (Asian lineage) fromviral RNA in human respiratoryspecimens and viral culture inconjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors4) to provide epidemiologic information forsurveillance for influenza viruses.The definitive identification of influenza A/H5(Asian lineage) either directly from patientspecimens or from virus cultures requiresadditional laboratory testing, along withclinical and epidemiological assessment inconsultation with national influenzasurveillance experts. Negative results do notpreclude influenza virus infection and shouldnot be used as the sole basis for treatment orother management decisions.All users, analysts and any person reportingdiagnostic results from this device should be</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapid qualitative detection of influenza type Aand type B antigens directly from nasal swab,nasal wash and/or nasal aspirate specimens.Intended for uses as an aid in the rapid diagnosisof acute influenza virus infections. Negativeresults should be confirmed by culture.</td></tr></table>

Ses (o : os   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arbor Vita AVantageTM A/H5N1Flu Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-timeRT-PCR Detection andCharacterization Pannel(rRT-PCR Flu Panel) K080570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel QuickVue Influenza A+B Test)K053146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza virus infection and should notbe used as the sole basis for treatmentor other patient management decisions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>trained to perform and interpret the resultsfrom this procedure by a CDC instructor ordesignee prior to use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse/Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription use onlyThe AVantageTM A/H5Nl Flu Test isindicated for use only in highcomplexity laboratories.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Same as Intended Use)Special instrument required is the ABI 7500Fast Dx Real-Time PR instrument. Thespecial condition for use is for prescription useonly.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For In Vitro diagnostic use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat or nasal swab, or virus culture.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal or nasal swab respiratoryspecimens, or virus culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal swab, nasal wash and/or nasal aspirate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&#x27;1)Sample Preparation61.31.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M4 viral transport media and swabssupplied by REMEL should be used forsample collection. Swabs are applied tothe cellular specimen matrix. cDNA isthe throat or nose, and rotation andslight pressure are applied to collectSpecimen. The specimen in the swab isamplified DNA fragments and the fluorescentthen placed in 3 mL M4 Viral Transportsignal is monitored by the ABI 7500 Fast DxMedia (REMEL).i.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Using reagents and specific lots recommendedby CDC, RNA is extracted and purified fromsample collection. Swabs are applied tothe cellular specimen matrix. cDNA isproduced from RNA with RT-PCR reaction.Fluorescently labeled probes anneal toSpecimen. The specimen in the swab isamplified DNA fragments and the fluorescentthen placed in 3 mL M4 Viral Transportsignal is monitored by the ABI 7500 Fast Dxinstrument during each PCR cycle.Amplification of target is recorded as increaseof fluorescence over time in comparison of abackground signal.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal swabs are applied to nostril with mostsecretion, and pressed against the nasal wall wirotation. The material from the swab is thenextracted with reagents supplied in the kit.Nasal aspirates/wash are collected by instillingwith a syringe 2.5 ml sterile normal saline intoone nostril of the patient. Collect fluid into a dspecimen container. Swabs are supplied in thekit.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1).Methodology$I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two step test (gold-mAb detector driedin a tube). Test is based onimmunochromatographic principles.!</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNA is extracted and purified from thecellular specimen matrix. Using reversetranscription, cDNA is made from the RNA.The cDNA is amplified, and an increasingfluorescent signal is produced through eachPCR cycle by fluorescently labeled probes thatanneal to amplified DNA fragments. Thefluorescence intensity is monitored by the ABI7500 Fast Dx instrument during each cycle.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One step test (latex-mAb detector dried in a pawithin a dipstick). Test is based onimmunochromatographic principles.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:Quality Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Each kit contains a positive control(external quality control) that must besuccessfully run before using the kit.Testing with the negative control (M4Viral Transport Media (not included inthe kit) must also be performed beforeusing the kit. When running the test, the the specimen as well as overall instrumentappearance of a red Control Line ineach test indicates proper function of</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The kit contains several controls:2The Internal positive control, the humanRNASE P (RP) primer and probe set detectshuman RP and ensures that adequate isolationof nucleic acid resulted from extraction fromusing the kit. When running the test, the the specimen as well as overall instrumentperformance.The Human Specimen Control (HSC) is a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Each kit contains external positive and negativecontrol swabs supplied in the kit. Controlsshould be tested with each new lot or shipmentof materials. The test also contains built-inprocedural control features. The appearance ofblue procedural Control Line provides threeforms of positive internal control bydemonstrating:, 2) capillary flow occurred, 3)functional integrity of the Test Strip was</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arbor Vita AVantageTM A/H5N1Flu Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-timeRT-PCR Detection andCharacterization Pannel(rRT-PCR Flu Panel) K080570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel QuickVue Influenza A+B TestK053146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>the buffer reagents, capillary flow, andfunctional integrity. If the control linedoes not appear, the test is consideredInvalid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>noninfectious cultured human cell materialthat demonstrates successful recovery of RNAas well as extraction reagent integrity.The Seasonal Influenza Virus Control (SIVC)consists of three different influenza virusesrepresenting A/H1, A/H3 and Influenza Bviruses and cultured human cells. The SIVCcontrol demonstrates that the master mix andprimer probe sets are functioning properly.The influenza Virus A/H5N1 Positive Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>maintained. If the Control Line does not showup, the test is considered invalid. .</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(H5VC) is a genetically modified reassortanthuman influenza virus (BSL2 category) andcultured human cells. This controldemonstrates that the master mix and primerand probe sets for Influenza A, InfluenzaA/H5 (H5a, H5b), and RP are functioningproperly.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual                   </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real Time Fluorescence which is monitoredby fluorimeter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use         .1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC Influenza Division will limit thedistribution of this device to only those userswho have successfully completed trainingprovided by CDC instructors or designees.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofDetection/Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection levels were:  :36 TCID5g/ml for H5N1 isolate2006914724 (Influenza A virus)(A/Egypt/14724-NAMRU3/2006(H5N1) (CDC GenbankLoD of 101.0 EID5g/ml for200512134 TCIDso/ml for H5N1 isolate2008903158 (Influenza A virus)(A/Egypt/3 158-NAMRU3/2008(H5N1)A/Anhui/01/2005xA/Puerto Rico/8/34(CDC Genbank # FJ226060)In addition to the two samples describedretrospective H5N1-Positive clinicalabove, an additional 22 H5N1-positive specimens were tested, with 100% Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection levels were reported forinfluenza A/H1N1, A/H3N2, A/H5N1 and B.The following are the LoD&#x27;s reported forA/H5N1:A/Vietnam/1203/2004xA/Puerto Rico/8/34reassortant.LoD of 101° EID50/ml for(A/Egypt/3 158-NAMRU3/2008(H5N1)A/Anhui/01/2005xA/Puerto Rico/8/34reassortantWith respect to clinical sensitivity, fiveIn addition to the two samples describedretrospective H5N1-Positive clinicalabove, an additional 22 H5N1-positive specimens were tested, with 100% Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection levels range from 6.6x10&quot;&#x27; pfu/ml tc1.6x10&#x27; pfu/ml for influenza A viruses</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arbor Vita AVantageTM A/H5N1CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-timeFlu Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arbor Vita AVantageTM A/H5N1CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-timeRT-PCR Detection andCharacterization Pannel(rRT-PCR Flu Panel) K080570</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel QuickVue Influenza A+B Test)K053146</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cultured specimens (total of 24) weretested, with 100 % positive agreementwith viral culture. All samples were ofClade 2.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement with viral culture (56.6%-100%) 95% CI. A total of 19 H5N 1-positivecultured specimens were also tested, with 100% positive agreement (83.2-100%) 95 % CIwith viral culture. Samples tested were fromClades 2.2.1, 2.2, and 2.3.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:Cross-ReactivityTi.':1.nl1crI0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The AVantageT A/H5NI Flu Test didnot cross-react with 21 bacterial isolatesand 28 viral isolates (including seasonalinfluenza A and B). Bacterial isolateswere evaluated at a concentration of:1.5x10° cfu/ml. Viral isolates wereevaluated at a concentration of at least8.89x10³ TCIDs/ml111in.1.I'.ti:.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The H5N1 component of the rRT-PCR FluPanel test did not cross-react with ten (10)influenza virus strains of A/H1N1, A/H3N2and Influenza B at low virus concentrations at10{2 TCIDs/ml.The rRT-PCR Flu Panel test did not cross-react with nucleic acids extracted from 27organisms (9 non-influenza A/B viruses, 17bacteria, and 1 yeast) representing commonrespiratory pathogens or flora commonlypresent in specimens from the nasopharynxFregion. Bacteria and yeast were tested atconcentrations greater than or equal to 10cfu/ml. Non-influenza respiratory viruseswere tested at concentrations greater than 106TCID5/ml with the exception of humanTCIDsg/ml and Human Corona viruses OC43(50.4 ng/ul of total RNA from culture) and299E (3 1.6 ng/ul total RNA from culture).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QuickVue Influenza Test was evaluatedwith a total of 62 bacterial and viral isolates.Bacterial isolates were evaluated at aconcentration between 10' and 10 org/ml. Viralisolates were evaluated at a concentration of atleast 104-10° TCIDso/ml. None of the organismstested gave a positive result in the QuickVueInfluenza Test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% negative agreement with 440throat and 447 nasal swab samples(95% CI:99.1% - 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A total of 415 prospective seasonal specimenscollected for routine influenza testing fromnasal and nasopharyngeal swabs were used inthis study. The H5N1 component of the rRT-PCR Flu Panel test had 100 % PercentNegative Agreement with viral culture(99.1%-100%) 95 % CI.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Swabs: 96 % [95% C.I. 91%-98%]160/167Nasal Wash or Aspirates: 99 % [95 % C.1. 91%-100%] 68/69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood, Mucin and 12 over-the-counter (OT) products were tested and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood, Mucin and 19 over-the-counter(OTC) products were tested in excess of</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arbor Vita AVantageTM A/H5N1 CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-timeFlu Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arbor Vita AVantageTM A/H5N1 CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-timeRT-PCR Detection andCharacterization Pannel(rRT-PCR Flu Panel) K080570</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel QuickVue Influenza A+B Test)K053146</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">did not interfere with the AVC AvianFlu Test.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">physiological levels and did not interfere withthe Quick Vue Influenza Test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Reproducibility1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Testing of AVantage™M A/H5N1 FluTest was conducted at three sites usinga panel of coded specimens containingrecombinant H5Ni NS1 protein. Twooperators at each site performed threereplicates/sample, for a total of 24 testsper day for five days. Panei containednegative, high negative, moderatepositive and high positive specimens.The fifth day contained an extrachallenge sample for an additional 6measurements. No significantdifferences were observed between runs(5 days), between operators (2operators) or between sites (3 sites).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reproducibility and precision studies weredone at 3 sites, using a panel of 9 simulatedsamples (two viral concentrations: low viralRNÅ titer range concentration and 1:10dilution of the previous sample) for influenzaA/H1N1, A/H3N2, A/H5N1 (reassortant) andThe panels and assay controls were testedat each site by two operators on five (5)different days within a 10-day period. The"low viral RNA titer" concentration was</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Evaluation of QuickVue Influenza Test wasconducted at three Physicians Offices using apanel of coded specimens. Personnel withdiverse backgrounds performed the test. Panelcontained neg., low positive and moderatepositive specimens. Each specimen level wastested in each site in replicates of at least sixover a period of three days. The results at eachsite agreed 99 % with the expected results. Nosignificant differences were observed within run(6 replicates), between runs (3 different days), or</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">generally one log above the assay cutoff for allbetween the three sites.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sanalytes, whereas the 1:10 dilution of the same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sample approximated a sample at the assaycutoff. Each participating clinical site testedone of four RNA purification methods toevaluate reproducibility of the CDC rRT-PCRFlu Panel on the validated ABI 7500 Fast DxReal-Time PCR instruments.For H5N1 studies, the total agreement withexpected results was as follows:H5a (low viral titer): 40/40 (95 % CI: 91.2-100 %H5b (low viral titer): 39/40 (95 % CI: 86.8-99.9 %)H5a (1/10 of low viral titer): 31/40 (95 % CI:61.6-89.2)H5b (1/10 of low viral titer): 27/40 (95 % CI:50.9-81.4 %</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1) and 807.92 (b)(2):

# Brief Description of Nonclinical and Clinical Data

The precision/repeatability of the AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test was demonstrated by conducting within-laboratory tests at a range of recombinant H5N1 NS1 protein analyte concentrations over twelve consecutive days. Performance of the assay was consistent, with the high negative sample yielding $8 \%$ positive results while the low positive and moderate positive samples yielding respectively $96 \%$ and $100 \%$ positive results.

The reproducibility of the AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test was determined by measuring the consistency of assay performance using negative control, and high negative, moderate positive, and high positive recombinant protein H5N1 NS1 samples over five days at three sites with two operators at each site. The results showed reproducible performance across days, sites and operators.

Due to the rare occurrence of H5N1 infection and the absence of infection in the United States, sensitivity studies of the AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test were performed using H5N1 isolates from infected individuals, collected in the course of WHO/NAMRU-3 pandemic surveillance and response activities. All isolates studied herein were classified as Clade 2.2 and are part of the CDC global H5N1 repository.

The 24 human-derived H5Nl viral culture specimens were grown in MDCK cells or eggs. Included in the study were three H5N1 negative sämples. Study personnel were blinded to the true H5N1 status. The reference method used to verify H5N1-positive status of the viral culture samples was HAI. Eleven of these specimens were from first passage cultures, and 13 of the specimens were from second .passage cultures. The study was conducted in BSL-3 labs at NAMRU-3 by NAMRU-3 personnel. The AVantage™M A/H5N1 Flu Test used in this study was performed according to the AVC Test Instructions for Use.

AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test results showed $100 \%$ positive agreement for all 24 H5N1-positive samples. The three H5N1-negative specimens reported as H5N1-negative in the AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test.

Performance Summary - AVantageTM A/H5N1 testing with viral culture samples   
Section 7: 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NAMRU-3Comparison: tResultsT      M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SS0  2259r4Virus Culture, (Gold Standard) Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> Performance;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1 (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1 (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVantage ™ AH5N1Flu Test Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a nerin wergrtassitien</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% Positive Agreement*95% CI = (86.2%, 100% )</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVantage ™ AH5N1Flu Test Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% Negative Agreement95% Cl = ( 43.8%, 100% )</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Twenty four $\mathrm { H } 5 \mathrm { N } 1 +$ viral culture specimens; eleven were from first passage cultures, and thirteen were from second passage cultures. Sample status was confirmed by HAI. 111115

The specificity of the AVantageTM A/H5N1Flu Test was assessed in a prospective clinical study during the 2007-2008 flu season. Symptomatic subjects were recruited from four clinics at three sites into a broader surveillance study conducted by the Naval Health Research Center (NHRC). A portion of subjects (464) was recruited into the AVC study. Of these 464 symptomatic subjects, 110 had influenza infection (73, Influenza A and 37 Influenza B). AVC testing was performed in two laboratories and yielded no false positive results.

Performance Summary - AVantage™M A/H5N1 testing prospective clinical samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NHRCComparisonResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Virus Culture (Gold Standard) Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSN1(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A (+)H5N1 (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B (+)H5N1 (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A&amp;B (-)H5N1 (-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVantageTMA/H5N1Flu Test Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVantageTMA/H5N1Flu Test Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%Specificity95%CI =(99.57%;100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Sample status was confirmed by IFA and haemagglutination-inhibition test (HAI). \* No true positive samples were identified by Gold Standard methods. $* * \ 8$ samples were not subtyped by IFA or HAI, but were determined to be $H 3$ by Lightcycler RTPCR using primers developed by the Air Force Institute of Operational Health.

The AVantage™M A/H5N1 Flu Test was evaluated for potential cross-reactivity with a total of 49 bacterial and viral isolates. The bacterial isolates were tested at concentrations of approximately $1 . 5 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cfu/mL. The viral isolates were used at concentrations of $1 \dot { 0 } ^ { 4 } - 1 \dot { 0 } ^ { 9 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } ^ { \cdot \cdot } \dot { / } \dot { \mathrm { m L } }$ , or $1 0 ^ { 2 } -$ $1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

None of the pathogens tested showed cross-reactivity with the assay.

Bacterial Panel:   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Bordetella pertussis   
Corynebacterium xerosis   
Escherichia coli   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Lactobacillus casei   
Legionella pneumonphila   
Moraxella catarrhalis   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Neisseria mucosa   
Peptostreptococcus anaerobius   
Porphyromonas asaccharolyticus

Section 7: 510(k) Summary

Pseudomonas aeruginosa Staphylococcus aureus Staphylococcus epidermidis Streptococcus pneumoniae Streptococcus pyogenes Group.A Streptococcus salivarius Streptococcus sp. Group B Streptococcus sp. Group C

# Viral Panel

Adenovirus, Type 2   
Adenovirus Type 3   
Adenovirus Type 7   
Adenovirus Type 14   
Coronavirus OC 43   
Coronavirus 299E   
Coxsackievirus Type A9   
Coxsackievirus Type B5   
Cytomegalovirus   
Echovirus Type 2   
Echovirus Type 3   
Echovirus Type 6   
Enterovirus   
Herpes simplex virus Type 1   
Measles virus   
Mumps virus   
Parainfluenza virus Type 1   
Parainfluenza virus Type 2   
Parainfluenza virus Type 3   
Rhinovirus Type 1A   
Respiratory Syncytial virus Type A   
Respiratory Syncytial virus Type B   
A2/Wisconsin/67/2005 (H3N2-like)   
A/Hiroshima/52/2005 (H3N2-like)   
A/Port Chalmers/1/73 (H3N2)   
A/PR8/34 (HIN1)   
A1/Denver/1/57   
B/Hong Kong/5/72

Substances commonly encountered in nasal and throat specimens were tested for their potential inhibitory effect on the performance of the AVantage™M A/H5N1 Flu Test. Listed below are the substances and concentrations at which they were tested. None of the substances tested had an inhibitory effect on assay performance.

Whole blood $( 2 \% )$ EMPY Mucin $( 5 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ Section 7: 510(k) Summary

Mouthwash (Scope $\mathfrak { P }$ $( 2 5 \% )$ EPY   
Dextromethoraphan (Robitussin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $( 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / m l } )$   
Acetaminophen (Tyelenol $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ) $( 1 0 \mathrm { m g / m l } )$ EPY   
Throat losange (Cepacol $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ - cetypyridium chloride, benzocaine and menthol) $( 2 5 \% )$ E   
Oxymetazoline (Afrin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $( 1 0 \% )$   
Erythromcyin $( 2 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ EPY   
Nasal corticosteroids (triamcinolone) $( 2 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / m l } )$   
Zanamivir (Relenza $\textcircled{8}$ $( 1 ~ \mathrm { m g / m l } )$ EMPY   
Phenyephrine (Neosynephrine $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 0 $( 1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / m l } )$ EPY   
Diphenhydramine (Benadry) $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $( 1 ~ \mathrm { m g / m l } )$ EMPY   
Luffa operculata, Galphimia glauca, Histaminum hydrochloricum and sulfur (Zicam $\otimes$ $( 1 \% )$   
Rimantadine $( 2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l } )$

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical and Clinical Testing

Nonclinical and clinical testing was performed for the AVantage™M A/H5N1 Flu Test. The test system was shown to be safe and effective for its intended use.

Linda McAllister, MD, PhD   
Executive Vice President of Diagnostics   
Chief Medical Officer   
Regulatory Affairs   
Arbor Vita Corporation   
772 Lucerne Drive   
Sunnyvale, CA 94087

Re: K083278 Trade/Device Name: AVantage™MA/H5N1 Flu Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3332 Regulation Name: Reagent for detection of specific novel influenza A viruses Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OMS Dated: April 7, 2009 Received: April 7, 2009

Dear Dr. McAllister:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requiremenits as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls) and is subject to additional controls as outlined in the Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Reagents for Detection of Specific Novel Influenza A Viruses including the post market measures described in Section 8 "Postmarket Measures".

Sincerely yours, Sole a

Sally A."Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K083278

Device Name: AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test

Indication For Use:

The AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test is intended for the in vitro qualitative detection of influenza A/H5Nl virus directly from symptomatic patient nasal or throat swab specimens or in viral cultures for the presumptive laboratory identification of influenza A/H5N1 virus.

Results from testing with the AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test should be used in conjunction with other laboratory testing and clinical and epidemiological risk factors for the presumptive identification of patients infected with Influenza H5N1 virus. AVantageTM A/H5N1 Flu Test is intended as a Prescription Use device.

Testing should not be performed unless the patient meets the most current U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) clinical and epidemiologic criteria for testing suspect A/H5 specimens. The definitive identification of influenza A/H5 either directly from patient specimens or from viral cultures requires additional laboratory testing, along with clinical and epidemiological assessment in consultation with national influenza surveillance experts.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Prescription Use X And/Or Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)