SEcTION 05, 510(K) SUMMARy

Applicant: DIAGNOSTIC HYBRIDS, INC. 1055 East State Street Suite 100 Athens, OHIO 45701

Contact Information: Gail R. Goodrum Vice President, Regulatory Affairs E-mail: goodrum@dhiusa.com Telephone: 740-589-3300 FAX: 740-593-8437

Date of preparation of 510(k) summary: December 22, 2008

# Device Name:

Trade name - ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit   
Common name — Fluorescent antibody test for detecting human metapneumovirus   
Classification name - (blank)   
Product Code - OMG   
Regulation  21 CFR 866.3980, Class II, Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic   
acid assay reagents; Panel Microbiology (83)

Legally marketed device to which equivalence is claimed:

K082688, Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay

Intended Use: The Pro hMPV $+$ Assay is a Real Time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of human Metapneumovirus (hMPV) nucleic acid isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal swab (NP) specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. This assay targets a highly conserved region of the Nucleocapsid gene of hMPV. The detection of hMPV nucleic acid from symptomatic patients aids in the diagnosis of human respiratory hMPV infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. This test is not intended to differentiate the four genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

# Device Description:

The $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit uses a blend of three hMPV antigen-specific murine MAbs that are directly labeled with fluorescein for detection of hMPV. The reagent detects but does not differentiate between the four recognized subtypes of hMPV (subtypes A1, A2, B1, and B2).

Kit Components:

1. Metapneumovirus DFA Reagent, 5-mL. One dropper bottle containing a blend (see below for MAb discussion) of fluorescein-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against MPV. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evans Blue as a counter-stain and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as a preservative.

2.hMPV Antigen Control Slides, 5 slides. Five individually packaged control slides, each with a well containing cell culture-derived MPV positive cells and a well containing cell culture-derived negativc cells. Each slide is intended to be stained only one time. Control material has been treated to be non-infectious; however normal laboratory precautions are required when the material is handled.

3. 40X PBS Concentrate, $2 5 \mathrm { - } \mathrm { m L }$ .One bottle containing a 40X concentrate consisting of $4 \%$ sodium azide $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide after dilution to 1X using de-mineralized water)in PBS.

4. Mounting Fluid, $7 { \cdot } { \mathrm { m l } } .$ Onropper bottcnaig  queous, bufstabiz solution of glycerol and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide.

The cells to be tested, derived from a clinical specimen or cell culture, are placed onto a glass slide, allowed to air dry and are fixed in acetone. The Metapneumovirus DFA Reagent is added to the cells which are then incubated for 15 to 30 minutes at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ to $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a humidified chamber or humidified incubator. The stained cclls are then washed with the diluted phosphate buffered saline (PBS), a drop of the supplied Mounting Fluid is added and a coverslip is placed on the prepared cells. The cells are examined using a fluorescence microscope. The hMPV infected cells will fluoresce apple-green. Uninfected cells will contain no fluorescence but will be stained red by the Evans Blue counter-stain.

It is recommended that specimens found to contain no fluorescent cells after examination of the direct specimen be confirmed by an FDA cleared hMPV molecular assay.

# Intended Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit, is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of human metapneumovirus (hMPV) in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes or cell culture. The assay detects hMPV antigens by immunofluorescence using a blend of three monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. This assay detects but is not intended to differentiate the four recognized genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen results be confirmed by an FDA cleared hMPV molecular assay.

# Technological Characteristics, Compared to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">TABLE 1: Technological Characteristics Comparison of Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^² DFA Metapneumovirus IdentificationKit (Subject)</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Pro hMPV+ Assay (Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHI Human MetapneumovirusReal-Time, Reverse TranscriptionPCR Assay (Reference)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target:</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Searchcs of the National Center forBiotechnology Information (NCBl)databases" yielded presumptive evidence thatthe target for each of the 3 MAb clones is theMPV nucleoprotein. Nine proteins areknown to be encoded in the hMPV genome.Of the nine proteins, only the nucleoproteinis of a size equivalent to the 46 kDa sizenoted on the Western of the 3 MAb clones.</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">The Pro hMPV+ Supermix containsoligonucleotide primers and target-spccific oligonucleotide probes. Theprimers are complementary to highlyconserved regions of geneticsequences of the nucleocapsid ofhMPV.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DHI Human MetapneumovirusReal-Time, Reverse TranscriptionPCR Assay master mix containsoligonucleotide primers and target-specific oligonucleotide probes. Theprimers are complementary to highlyconscrved sequences within thenucleocapsid gene of hMPV.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen:</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs andaspirates or cell culture.</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab specimensusing a polyester, rayon or nylontipped swab and placed into viraltransport medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs andaspirates or cell culture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Detection Methods:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">The assay detccts specific hMPV viralantigens by immunofluorescence usingmonoclonal antibodies (MAbs). The cells tobe tested, derived from a clinical specimen orcell culture, are placed onto a glass slide andallowed to air dry. The cells are fixed inacetone. The hMPV DFA reagent is added tothe cells which are then incubated for 15 to30 minutes at 35° to 37°C in a humidifiedchamber or humidified incubator. Thestained cells are thcn washed with the dilutedphosphate buffered saline (PBS), a drop ofthe supplied Mounting Fluid is added and acoverslip is placed on the prepared cells. Thecells are examined using a fluorescencemicroscope. The hMPV infected cells willfluoresce apple-green. Uninfected cells will</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="3">Reverse transcription of the RNA inthe sample into complementary DNA(cDNA) and subsequentamplification of DNA is performedin a Cepheid SmartCycler®IIinstrument. In this process, the probeanneals spccifically to the templatefollowed by primer extension andamplification. The Pro hMPV+Assay is based on TaqManchemistry, which utilizes the 5' - 3'{exonuclease activity of the Taqpolymerase to cleave the probe thusseparating the reporter dye from thequencher. This generates an increasein fluorescent signal upon excitationfrom a light source. With each cycle,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Reverse transcription of the RNA in[the sample into complementary DNA(cDNA) and subsequent amplificationof DNA is performed in a StratageneMx3000p instrument. In this process,the probe anneals specifically to the[template followed by primer extensionand amplification. The DHI HumanMetapneumovirus Real-Time, ReverseTranscription Assay is based onTaqMan chemistry, which utilizes the5' - 3' exonuclease activity of the Taqpolymerase to cleave the probe thusseparating the reporter dye from thequencher. This generates an increasein fluorescent signal upon excitationfrom a light source. With each cycle,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">quencher. This ge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">in fluoresce</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Section 5 - Page 4 of 13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TABLE 1:Technological Characteristics Comparison of Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D² DFA Metapneumovirus IdentificationKit (Subject)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pro hMPV+ Assay (Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHI Human MetapneumovirusReal-Time, Reverse TranscriptionPCR Assay (Reference)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">contain no fluorescence but will be stainedred by the Evans Blue counter-stain.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">additional reporter dye molecules arecleaved from their respective probes,further increasing fluorescent signal.The amount of fluorescence at anygiven cycle is dependent on theamount of amplification productspresent at that time. Fluorescentintensity is monitored during eachPCR cycle by the SmartCycler IIinstrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">additional reporter dye motecules arecleaved from their respective probes,further increasing fluorescent signal.The amount of fluorescence at anygiven cycle is dependent on theamount of amplification productspresent at that time. Fluorescentintensity is monitored during eachPCR cycle by the Stratagene Mx3000pinstrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical sensitivity:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmalow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical detection limits on directspecimens for the D³ DFAMetapneumovirus Identification Kitwere addressed using quantified culturesof characterized isolates of each of the 4recognized genetic sublineages of hMPV(A1, A2, B1, and B2). The infectedculture cells from a 1,000 infectedcells/mL culture were serially dilutedwith a suspension of uninfected LLC-MK2 cells. 25-μL aliquots from eachdilution level were spotted onto 10replicate microscope slides, then fixedand stained according to the instructionsfor use described in this product insert.Each cell spot was examined at 200xmagnification. Results were reported asnumbers of positive replicates for eachset of 10. Analytical detection limits foreach of the 4 hMPV genetic sublineageswere defined as the lowest dilutions atwhich at least 9 out of 10 replicates weredetected. Based on this testing the LoDfor each subtype was A1= 25 infectedcells/mL, A2 = 200 infected cells/mL, B1 =50 infected cells/mL., B2 = 100 infectedcells/mL.Detection limit on cell culture amplifiedspecimens of the D^ DFA MetapneumovirusIdentification Kit was addressed using a cellculture system. Analytical detection limits oncell culture amplified specimens for hMPVsubtypes A1, A2, B1, and B2 wereestablished with results reported in numbersof fluorescent cells per cell monolayer. Eachmaster stock virus preparation was diluted ina ten-fold manner. Eight wells of a 48-wellR-Mix cell culture plate were inoculated with</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The analytical sensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) of the Pro hMPV+Assay was determined usingquantified (TCIDso/mL) cultures of 2hMPV (subtype A2 and subtype B2)strains serially diluted innasopharyngeal clinical matrix. Eachviral strain was cxtracted using theRoche MagNA Pure LC and tested inreplicates of 20 per concentration ofvirus. Analytical sensitivity (LoD) asdefined as the lowest concentration atwhich ³ 95% of all replicates testedpositive, ranged from 102 to 101TCIDso/ml.D ConcentrationhMPV subtype A2 102 TCID50/mLhMPV subtype B2 101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical validation of the real-time hMPV RT-PCR followed bybi-directional sequencing analysiscomparator assay includedanalytical sensitivity and reactivitystudy, analytical specificity study,and extraction efficiency study.The analytical sensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) of the real-timehMPV RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing analysiscomparator assay was determinedusing quantified (TCIDso/mL)stocks of the 4 hMPV (subtypesA1, A2, B1 and B2) strains dilutedin hMPV negative nasopharyngealclinical matrix, and ranged from 10-50 TCID5o/mL.</td></tr></table>

Analytical specificity (cross reactivity studies; various strains of microorganisms and cell lines)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 1: Technological Characteristics Comparison of Devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>D² DFA Metapneumovirus IdentificationKit (Subject)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pro hMPV+ Assay (Predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0.2-mL volumes of each dilution. The plateswere centrifuged at 700 xg for 60 minutes,and then incubated at 35°C to 37°C for 48-hours. Each well was stained with the D3DFA Mctapneumovirus Identification Kitthen examined at 200x magnification and thenumber of fluorescent cells counted. In thisstudy, the detection limit for the test on cellculture amplified specimens is defined as thelowest inoculum level at which positive wells(i.e. containing fluorescent cells) areobserved, in terms of TCID5o. Table 1.1below summarizes the results:</td><td rowspan=15 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TABLE 1.I: Limit of Detection of the DDFA Metapneumovirus IdentificationKit for Cell Culture AmplifiedSpecimens (values are numbers offluorescent staining cells per cellmonolayer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirusStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc. ofInoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescentstaining cells/well</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>hMPVA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47,39,41,31,26,30,21,29</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0,0,3,1,0,2,0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-TCID5o</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>hMPVA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,13,23,13,23,15,17,12</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,1,1,4,2,2,0,0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>hMPVB1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36,56,23,41,28,29,34,28</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,7,0,3,1,0,4,4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>hMPVB32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,49,36,41,53,68,43.27</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3,1,1,5,6,3,5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-TCIDs0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:6i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protozoan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>TABLE 1: Technological Characteristics Comparison of Devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=3>D³ DFA Metapneumovirus IdentificationKit (Subject)Cell lines           17Human genomicAHuman total RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pro hMPV+ Assay (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI Human MetapneumovirusReal-Time, Reverse TranscriptionPCR Assay (Reference)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human genomicA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human total RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance:

The MAbs all recognize a hMPV protein, approximately 46 kiloDaltons in size, which corresponds with the size of hMPV nucleoprotein, but do not compete with one another for binding sites (as demonstrated by SDS-PAGE analyses, against lysates of cell culture infected with hMPV subtypes A1, A2, B1, and B2).

Analytical specificity of the MPV DFA Reagent was evaluated against other respiratory viruses (multiple strains of adenovirus, influenza A, influenza B, respiratory syncytial virus, and parainfluenza types 1, 2, and 3), as well as strains of 8 other viruses, and 30 other microorganisms that could be encountered in a respiratory specimen, cell culture contamination, or laboratory processing.

# Reproducibility

Assay reproducibility was assessed at 3 laboratory sites with a panel of proficiencylevel antigen control slides. The reproducibility panel consisted of 5 panel members. Each panel member was a 2-well slide spotted with the same cell preparation in each well. The cell preparations used to construct the slides are the following:

1. Non-infected LLC- $\mathbf { \mathrm { . } } \mathbf { \mathrm { M } } \mathbf { K } _ { 2 }$ cells.   
2. Low level hMPV (A1 strain) grown in LLC-MK2 cells (manufactured to contain between 4 to $10 \%$ infected cells).   
3. Mid level hMPV (A1 strain) grown in LLC- ${ \bf \cdot M K } _ { 2 }$ cells (manufactured to contain between 20 to $30 \%$ infected cells).   
4.High level hMPV (A1 strain) grown in LLC. ${ \bf { \cdot M K } } _ { 2 }$ cells (manufactured to contain between 50 to $7 5 \%$ infected cells).

Each panel was tested daily in two separate runs for 5-days by three different laboratories (30 total runs). The panel members were randomized with different slide identification numbers to act as a "blinded" panel. An hMPV Antigen Control Slide (two-well slide, one well contains cell culture-derived hMPV positive cells and one well contains cell culture-derived negative cells) was stained according to the ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit instructions for use with each run. The following results were recorded for both the control slides and the panel slides:

1.Presence or absence of green fluorescence.   
2. Percent of cells exhibiting green fluorescence.

A single lot of $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 } \mathrm { M P V }$ Kit was used. A total of 210 data points were included in the reproducibility study data analysis (7 samples and controls/run X 2 runs/day X 5 days $\mathrm { ~ X ~ } 3 \mathrm { ~ s i t e s } = 2 1 0 \rangle$ . The combined data from the three sites demonstrated that the detection of hMPV occurs in a reproducible manner. The presence of hMPV infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which infected cells were present. The combined data from the three sites also demonstrated that no hMPV was detected in non-infected cells. The absence of hMPV was reported in $100 \%$ (90/90) of the wells in which infected cells were not present. The total percent agreement for the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit was $100 \%$ EP (210/210). The Table below summarizes the reproducibility study results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Reproducibility Study Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV AILow Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV AIMid Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV AIHigh Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV AINegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeCControl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %Agrecment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 30%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 to 75%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 to 75%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-infectedcclls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sile 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agrcementwith Expectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210/210(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%-100%</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance:

Performance characteristics of the DHI $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit testing direct respiratory specimens were established during prospective studies at 3 geographically diverse U.S. clinical laboratories during the 2005 and 2006 respiratory virus seasons (December 2005  April 2006 and December 2006 March 2007). All specimens used in the studies meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria represented excess, remnants of respiratory specimens that were prospectively collected from symptomatic individuals suspected of respiratory infection, and were submitted for routine care or analysis by each site, and that otherwise would have been discarded. Individual specimens were delinked from all patient identifiers and given a study sample code. All clinical sites were granted waivers of informed consent by their IRBs for this study.

Performance of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit was assessed and compared to a predetermined algorithm that used composite comparator methods at clinical study site 1 and 2. The composite comparator methods consisted of viral culture and a validated real-time RT-PCR comparator assay targeting the hMPV nucleocapsid gene followed by bi-directional sequencing analysis". "True" hMPV positive was defined as any sample that either tested positive by viral culture, or had bi-directional sequencing data meeting pre-defined quality acceptance criteria that matched hMPV sequences deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov), with acceptable Evalues. True" hMPV negative was defined as any sample that tested negative by both viral culture and the hMPV real-time RT-PCR comparator assay..

Performance of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit at clinical study site 3 was evaluated and compared only to the validated hMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing analysis comparator assay described above. Any sample that had bi-directional sequencing data meeting pre-defined quality acceptance criteria that matched hMPV sequences deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov), with acceptable E-values, was considered as hMPV positive, and the real-time hMPV RT-PCR comparator assay negatives were considered as hMPV negatives at this site.

# Study Site 1

Study Site 1 evaluated a total of 1564 fresh respiratory specimens submitted, December 2006 through March 2007, to the laboratory for respiratory virus testing. Slides were prepared from Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS)-washed cells from the fresh specimens and fixed according to the prescribed protocol. The slides were stained in accordance with the procedure in the product insert.

Table 2 shows the age and gender distribution for individuals studied at study site 1:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TA BLE 2: Site 1 - Age and Gender Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>687</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>877</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age: &lt;lm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ lm to &lt;2y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>617</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥2y to &lt;12y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 12y to &lt; 18y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥18yto&lt;21y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Of the 1564 fresh respiratory specimens tested, 1509 were nasal wash/nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens. Due to insufficient sample numbers to establish performance of the ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit, 55 other types of respiratory specimens were removed from performance analysis. Of the 1509 fresh nasal wash/nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens tested, 27 were further excluded from the performance analysis due to insufficient volume for the comparator methods, resulting in a total of 1482 fresh nasal wash/nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens for analysis. Table 3 below shows the study results of the claimed specimen type at study site I:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 3: Study Site 1- Comparison of Results using D3 DFA MPVKit, with Results using the Composite Comparator Methods</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh NasalWash/NasopharyngealAspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Comparator Methods</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1357</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1482</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122/230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.6%-59.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1249/1252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%-99.9%</td></tr></table>

# Study Site 2

Study Site 2 evaluated a total of 371 fresh respiratory specimens submitted, December 2005 through January 2006, to the laboratory for respiratory virus testing. Slides were prepared from Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS)-washed cells from the fresh specimens and fixed according to the prescribed protocol. The slides were stained in accordance with the procedure in the product insert.

Table 4 below shows the age and gender distribution for individuals studied at study site 2:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TABLE 4: Site 2 -Age and Gender Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age: &lt;]m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ Im to &lt;2y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥2y to &lt;12y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 12y to &lt; 18y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥18y10&lt;21y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Of the 371 fresh respiratory specimens tested, all were nasal/nasopharyngeal swab specimens. 3 were excluded from the performance analysis due to insufficient volume for the comparator methods, resulting in a total of 368 fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab specimens for analysis. Table 5 below shows the study results of the claimed specimen type at study site 2:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 5: Study Site 2- Comparison of Results using D² DFA MPVKit, with Results using the Composite Comparator Methods</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Nasal/NasopharyngealSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Comparator Methods</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>326</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>368</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.3%-81.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309/310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%-100%</td></tr></table>

# Study Site 3

Study Site 3 evaluated a total of 174 fresh respiratory specimens submitted, March 2006 through April 2006, to the laboratory for respiratory virus testing. Slides were prepared from Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS)-washed cells from the fresh specimens and fixed according to the prescribed protocol. The slides were stained in accordance with the procedure in the product insert.

Table 6 below shows the age and gender distribution for individuals studied at study site 3:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TA BLE 6: Site 3-Age and Gender Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex Not Reported</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age:&lt;lm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ lm to &lt;2y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥2y to &lt;12y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 12y to &lt; 18y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥18yto&lt;21y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr></table>

Of the 174 fresh respiratory specimens tested, 62 were nasal   
wash/nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens, and 110 were   
nasal/nasopharyngeal swab specimens. Of the 62 nasal   
wash/nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens, 30 were excluded from the   
performance analysis due to insufficient volume for the comparator method,   
resulting in a total of 32 fresh nasal wash/nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens   
for analysis. Of the 110 nasal/nasopharyngeal swab specimens, 44 were   
excluded from the performance analysis due to insufficient volume for the   
comparator method, resulting in a total of 66 fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal   
swab specimens for analysis. Table 7 and 8 below show the study results of   
the claimed specimen types at study site 3:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 7: Study Site 3- Comparison of Results using D²DFA MPV Kit, withResults using the hMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directionalsequencing analysis comparator assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh NasalWash/NasopharyngealAspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.4%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.2%-100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 8: Study Site 3- Comparison of Results using D² DFA MPV Kit, withResults using the hMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directionalsequencing analysis comparator assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Nasal/NasopharyngealSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr></table>

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { \mathbf { 3 } }$ DFA MetApneuMovIRus IdetifIcation Kit

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4%-99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2%-100%</td></tr></table>

\*Since the performance of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Mu not assessed against the predetermined composite comparator methods, positive and negative percent agreements, instead of sensitivity and specificity, are used in the performance presentation.

# Cultured Cells Testing

Performance characteristics of the DHI $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit testing cultured cell specimens were established during a prospective study at DHI during the 2007 respiratory virus seasons (January  April 2008). All specimens used in the studies meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria represented excess, remnants of respiratory specimens that were prospectively collected from symptomatic individuals suspected of respiratory infection, and were submitted for routine care or analysis by each collection site, and that otherwise would have been discarded. Individual specimens were delinked from all patient identifiers and given a study sample code.

Performance of the ${ \mathrm { D } } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit testing cultured cell specimens was evaluated and compared to the same validated hMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing analysis comparator assay as described earlier, at clinical study site 4. Any cultured cell specimen that had bidirectional sequencing data meeting pre-defined quality acceptance criteria that matched hMPV sequences deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) GenBank database (www.ncbi.nIm.nih.gov), with acceptable Evalues, was considered as hMPV positive, and the real-time hMPV RT-PCR comparator assay negative cultured cell specimens were considered as hMPV negatives.

# Study Site 4

Study Site 4 evaluated a total of 74 freeze-thawed nasopharyngeal swab specimens that were cultured and stained in accordance with the ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit procedure. Table 9 below shows the study results testing cultured cell specimens at study site 4:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 9: Study Site 4- Comparison of Results using D³ DFA MPV Kit, withResults using the hMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directionalsequencing analysis comparator assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Freeze-thawedNasopharyngeal SwabAmplified in Cell Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DHI hMPV RT-PCR Followed by SequcncingComparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9%-99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%-100%</td></tr></table>

# MAR 6 2009

Ms. Gail Goodrum   
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs   
Diagnostic Hybrids   
1055 East State Street Suite 100   
Athens, OH 45701

Re: K090073 Trade/Device Name: D3 DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OMG Dated: December 22, 2008 Received: January 12, 2009

Dear Ms. Goodrum:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendmenits, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require apal preark proval apliatin (AYoumay, theee, mark he device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k090073

Device Name: $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit

Indication For Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit, is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of human metapneumovirus (hMPV) in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes or cell culture. The assay detects hMPV antigens by immunofluorescence using a blend of three monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. This assay detects but is not intended to differentiate the four recognized genetic sublineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen results be confirmed by an FDA cleared hMPV molecular assay.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Ue

Division Sign-Off V Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety