# Section 05, 510(k) Summary

Applicant: DIAGNOSTIC HYBRIDS, INC. 1055 East State Street Suite 100 Athens, OHIO 45701

Contact Information: Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Product Realization, Management and Marketing 1055 East State Street Suite 100 Athens, Ohio 45701 740-589-3300 - Corporate number 740-589-3373 - Desk phone 740-593-8437  Fax lollar@dhiusa.com

Date of preparation of 510(k) summary: April 17, 2009

# Device Name:

Trade name - $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit Common name - Respiratory virus DFA assay   
Classification name - Antisera, Cf, Influenza Virus A, B, C   
Product Code - GNW   
Regulation — 21 CFR 866.3330, Class I, Influenza virus serological reagents; Panel Microbiology (83)

Legally marketed devices to which equivalence is claimed:

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit (k061101)

Intended Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA (direct fluorescent antibody) Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit $( \mathbb { D } ^ { 3 } U l t r a )$ is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of the influenza A, influenza B, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), adenovirus, parainfluenza 1, parainfluenza 2 and parainfluenza 3 virus in respiratory specimens, by either direct detection or cell culture method, by immunofluorescence using fluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies (MAbs). It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen

result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established when influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.   
If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a ${ \tt B S L 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit (k081928)

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet RSV Kit), is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of respiratory syncytial virus, while screening for influenza A virus, influenza B virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 viral antigens, in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates or in cell culture. The assay detects viral antigens by immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A (H3N2) and influenza A (H1N1) were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A H3N2 and influenza A H1Nl were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to a state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit (k090073)

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit $\left( \mathrm { D } ^ { 3 } \mathrm { M P V } \mathrm { K i t } \right)$ , is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of human metapneumovirus (hMPV) in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes or cell culture. The assay detects hMPV antigens by immunofluorescence using a blend of three monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. This assay detects but is not intended to differentiate the four recognized genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen results be confirmed by an FDAcleared hMPV molecular assay.

# Device Description:

The ${ \mathrm { D } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit uses three blends (each called a "L-DFA Reagent") of viral antigen-specific murine monoclonal antibodies that are directly labeled with either R-PE (influenza A virus, respiratory syncytial virus, and parainfluenza virus) or fluorescein (influenza B virus, metapneumovirus, and adenovirus) for the rapid identification of respiratory viruses in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

# Kit Components:

1. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent, 4.0-mL. One dropper bottle containing a mixture of PE-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against influenza A virus antigens and FITC-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against influenza B virus antigens. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evans Blue and propidium iodide as counter-stains and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.

2. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Reagent, $4 . 0 { \div } \mathrm { m L }$ One dropper bottle containing a mixture of PE-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against respiratory syncytial virus antigens and FITC-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against metapneumovirus antigens. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evans Blue and propidium iodide as counter-stains and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.

3. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA PIV/Adenovirus Reagent, $4 . 0 { \cdot } \mathrm { m L }$ One dropper bottle containing a mixture of PE-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, or 3 antigens and FITClabeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against adenovirus antigens. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evans Blue and propidium iodide as counter-stains and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.

4. 40X PBS Concentrate, $2 5 \mathrm { - } \mathrm { m L }$ . One bottle of 40X PBS concentrate containing $4 \%$ sodium azide ( $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide after dilution to 1X using de-mineralized water).

5. Re-suspension Buffer, $6 . 0 { \cdot } { \mathfrak { m l } } ,$ .One bottle of a buffered glycerol solution and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide.

6. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Antigen Control Slides, 5-slides. Five individually packaged control slides containing 6 wells with cell culture-derived positive and negative control cells. Each positive well is identified as to the virus infected cells present, i.e., influenza A virus, influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, metapneumovirus, parainfluenza virus, and adenovirus. The negative wells contain noninfected cells. Each slide is intended to be stained only one time.

The cells to be tested are derived from respiratory specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The cells are permeabilized and stained concurrently in a liquid suspension format in 3 separate vials, each containing one of the 3 above reagents. After incubating at 35°C to 37°C for 5 minutes, the stained cell suspensions are rinsed with 1X PBS. The rinsed cells are pelleted by centrifugation and then re-suspended with the resuspension buffer and loaded onto a specimen slide well. The cells are examined using a fluorescence microscope. Cells infected with influenza A virus, respiratory syncytial virus, or parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 will exhibit goldenyellow fluorescence due to the PE. Cells infected with influenza B virus, metapnemovirus or adenovirus will exhibit apple-green fluorescence due to the FITC. Non-infected cells will exhibit red fluorescence due to the Evans Blue counter-stain. Nuclei of intact cells will exhibit orange-red fluorescence due to the propidium iodide.

# Intended Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit is intended for the qualitative identification of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, human metapneumovirus, adenovirus and to screen for the presence of parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection by direct detection of immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs).

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for influenza A virus, influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus or parainfluenza viruses after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Specimens found to be negative for human metapneumovirus after examination of the direct specimen results should be confirmed by an FDA cleared human metapneumovirus molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A (H3N2) and influenza A (H1N1) were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. Since influenza strains display antigenic drift and shift from year to year, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected, based on clinical and epidemiological screening criteria communicated by public health authorities, collect specimens following appropriate infection control precautions and submit to state or local health departments, for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility' is available to receive and culture specimens."

# Technological Characteristics, Compared to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Table 5.: Characteristics of the D FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the followin Diagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>D3 FastPoint L-DFA Kit Subject Device The Diagnostic</td><td>D^3 Ultra Kit 510(k) #k061101 The Diagnostic</td><td>D3 Duet RSV Kit 510(k) # k081928 The Diagnostic</td><td>D^3 MPV Kit 510(k) # k090073 The Diagnostic</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Hybrids, Inc. device, D^{ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit is intended for the</td><td>Hybrids, Inc. D3 UltraTM DFA (direct fluorescent antibody Respiratory Virus</td><td>Hybrids, Inc. device, D^{}Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit, is intended for the</td><td>Hybrids, Inc. device, D DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit, is intended for the</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Table 5.1: Characteristics of the D FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compard to those of the following.Diagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D3 FastPoint L-DFAKit Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{3}MPVKit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qualitativeidentification ofinfluenza Avirus, influenza Bvirus, respiratorysyncytial virus,humanmetapneumovirus,adenovirus and toscreen for thepresence ofparainfluenza virustypes 1, 2, and 3 innasal andnasopharyngealswabs andaspirates/washesspecimens frompatients with signsand symptoms ofrespiratory infectionby direct detectionofimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs).It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativefor influenza Avirus, influenza Bvirus, respiratorysyncytial virus,adenovirus orparainfluenzaviruses afterexamination of thedirect specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Specimens found tobe negative forhumanmetapneumovirusafter examination ofthe direct specimenresults should beconfirmed by anFDA cleared human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screening &amp; ID Kitis intended for thequalitative detectionand identification ofthe influenza A,influenza B,respiratory syncytialvirus (RSV),adenovirus,parainfluenza 1,parainfluenza 2 andparainfluenza 3virus in respiratoryspecimens, by eitherdirect detection orcell culture method,byimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs).It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativeafter examination ofthe direct specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Negative results donot precluderespiratory virusinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qualitative detectionand identification ofrespiratory syncytialvirus, whilescreening forinfluenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus, andparainfluenza virustypes 1, 2 and 3 viralantigens, in nasaland nasopharyngealswabs and aspiratesor in cell culture.The assay detectsviral antigens byimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs),from patients withsigns and symptomsof respiratoryinfection.It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativeafter examination ofthe direct specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Negative results donot precludeinfluenza virusinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qualitative detectionand identification ofhumanmetapneumovirus(hMPV) in nasal andnasopharyngealswabs andaspirates/washes orcell culture. Theassay detects hMPVantigens byimmunofluorescence using a blend ofthree monoclonalantibodies (MAbs),from patients withsigns and symptomsof acute respiratoryinfection. Thisassay detects but isnot intended todifferentiate the fourrecognized geneticsub-lineages ofhMPV.Negative results donot preclude hMPVinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions. It isrecommended thatspecimens found tobe negative afterexamination of thedirect specimenresults be confirmedby an FDA-clearedhMPV molecularassay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Table 5.1:Characteristics of the D² FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the followingDiagnostic Hybrids (DHD) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^² FastPoint L-DFAKit Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^3 MPV Kit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">metapneumovirusmolecular assay.Negative results donot precluderespiratory virusinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Viruses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus,metapneumovirus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratorysyncytial virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratorysyncytial virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Monoclonal antibodies(MAbs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The D² FastPoint L-DFA Reagentscontain 18 MAbs to8 differentrespiratory viruses(influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus,metapneumovirus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The RespiratoryVirus DFA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TheRSV/Respiratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TheMetapneumovirusDFA Reagentcontains 3 MAbs tometapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screening Reagentcontains 15 MAbs to7 differentrespiratory viruses(influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus DFAScreening Reagentcontains 15 MAbs to7 differentrespiratory viruses(influenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1, parainfluenzavirus type 2,parainfluenza virustype 3), plus 2 MAbsto respiratorysyncytial virus.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labeling method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct labeling,- using R.Phycoerythrin (R-PE) to label theMAbs to influenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct labeling,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct labeling,- using R-Phycoerythrin (R-PE) to label theMAbs to respiratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct labeling,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Table S.1:Diagnostic Hybrids (DHI) predicate devices             t,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D3 FastPoint L-DFAKit Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^3 Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D' MPV Kit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A virus, RSV andparainfluenza virustypes 1, 2 and 3.using fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to labelinfluenza B virus,metapneumovirusand adenovirusMAbs withfluorescein.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to label allMAbs withfluorescein.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">syncytial virus. using fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to label allother MAbs withfluorescein.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to label allMAbs withfluorescein.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R-Phycoerythrin-labeledMAbs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, parainfluenzavirus type 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">respiratory syncytialvirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescein-labeled MAbs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B virus,metapneumovirus,adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1, parainfluenzavirus type 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cell Fixative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary Non-Acetone basedsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cell Counter-stain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propidium Iodide,Evans Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evans Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evans Blue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evans Blue</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">     0644</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staining patterns</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A and B:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic orbright nuclear orboth. Cells appearround.RespiratorySyncytial Virus:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic. Cellsappear round.Metapneumovirus:The fluorescence is</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A and B:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic, nuclearor both.Cytoplasmicstaining is oftenpunctate with largeinclusions whilenuclear staining isuniformly bright.RespiratorySyncytial Virus:The fluorescence is</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A andB: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic,nuclear or both.Cytoplasmicstaining is oftenpunctate with largeinclusions whilenuclear staining isuniformly bright.RespiratorySyneytial Virus:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metapneumovirus:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate with smallinclusions in thesyncytia.Negative: Entirecell fluoresce reddue to the EvansBlue counter-stain.</td></tr></table>

Sec05_FastPoint_L-DFA_Final.doc

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=5>Table 5.1:Characteristics of the D³ FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the followingDiagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D FastPoint L-DFAKit Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^3 Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{3 $MPVKit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cytoplasmic andpunctate. Cellsappear round.Parainfluenza 1, 2,3: The fluorescenceis cytoplasmic. Cellsappear round.Adenovirus: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic orbright nuclear orboth. Cells appearround.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red due tothe Evans Bluecounter-stain.Nuclei: Cell Nucleifluoresce orange-reddue to thePropidium Iodidecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cytoplasmic andpunctate with smallinclusions in thesyncytia.Parainfluenza 1, 2,3: The fluorescenceis cytoplasmic andpunctate withirregular inclusions.Types 2 and 3 causethe formation ofsyncytia.Adenovirus: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate or brightnuclear or both.Negative: Cells fluoresce red due tothe Evans Bluecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The fluorescenceis cytoplasmic andpunctate withsmall inclusions inthe syncytia.Parainfluenza 1,2, 3: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate withirregularinclusions. Types2 and 3 cause theformation ofsyncytia.Adenovirus: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate or brightnuclear or both.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red dueto the Evans Bluecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analytical specificity (forinfluenza A virus strains;MAbs are reactive with alllisted strains)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 influenza Astrains: Influenza AMexico/4108/2009(H1N1) from CDC*,Influenza ACalifornia/07/2009(H1N1) from CDC*,Aichi (H3N2), Mal(HIN1), Hong Kong(H3N2), Denver(HIN1), PortChalmers (H3N2),Victoria (H3N2),New Jersey (H1N1),WS (H1N1), PR(H1N1), Wisconsin(H3N2), WS(H1N1),A/NWS/33 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 influenza Astrains: Aichi(H3N2), Mal(HINI), Hong Kong(H3N2), Denver(H1N1), PortChalmers (H3N2),Victoria (H3N2),New Jersey (HiN1),WS (H1N1),PR,(H1N1),A/NWS/33 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 influenza Astrains: Aichi(H3N2), Mal(HIN1), Hong Kong(H3N2), Denver(H1N1), PortChalmers (H3N2),Victoria (H3N2),New Jersey (HiN1),WS (H1NI), PR(HINI), A/NWS/33(H1NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No reaction wasseen to any of thetested influenza Aviruses with theMetapneumovirusDFA Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analytical specificity (forInfluenza B virus strains;MAbs are reactive with alllisted strains)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 influenza Bstrains: Hong Kong,Maryland, Mass,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 influenza Bstrains: Hong Kong,Maryland, Mass,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 influenza Bstrains: Hong Kong,Maryland, Mass,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No reaction wasseen to any of thetested influenza B</td></tr></table>

Sec05_FastPoint_L-DFA_Final.doc

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 5.1: Characteristics of the D FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the following·F:                Diagnostic Hybrids (DHI) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D² FastPoint L-DFAKit Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D&#x27; MPV Kit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GL, Taiwan,B/Lee/40, Russia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GL, Taiwan,B/Lee/40, Russia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GL, Taiwan,B/Lee/40, Russia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>viruses with theMetapneumovirusDFA Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Analyticalspecificity(cross-reactivitystudies; variousstrains ofmicroorganismsand cell lines)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydiaspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protozoan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr></table>

\*Although the $\overline { { \mathbf { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent has been shown to detect the 2009 H1N1 virus in two culture isolates, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for the $2 0 0 9 \mathsf { H l N l }$ influenza virus have not been established. The $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B DFA Reagent can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it cannot differentiate influenza subtypes.

# Analytical Performance:

# Precision/Reproducibility:

Assay precision, intra-assay variability and inter assay variability were assessed with 3 panels of proficiency-level antigen control slides. Each of the 3 reproducibility panels consisted of 5 randomized panel members.

The Influenza A/B panel consisted of the following:

a. Low level influenza A (Victoria strain) infected cells.   
b. Low level influenza B (Taiwan strain) infected cells.   
c. Low level influenza A (Victoria strain) infected cells mixed with mid level influenza B (Taiwan strain) infected cells.   
d. Low level influenza B (Victoria strain) infected cells mixed with mid level influenza A (Victoria strain) infected cells.   
e. Mid level non-infected (negative) cells.

The RSV/hMPV panel consisted of the following:

a. Low level RSV (Washington strain) infected cells.   
b. Low level hMPV (A1 subtype) infected cells.   
c. Low level RSV (Washington strain) infected cells mixed with mid level hMPV (A1 subtype) infected cells.   
d. Low level hMPV (A1 subtype) infected cells mixed with mid level RSV (Washington strain) infected cells.   
e. Mid level non-infected (negative) cells.

The HPIV/Adenovirus panel consisted of the following:

a. Low level Para 1 (C-35 strain) infected cells.   
b. Low level Adenovirus (ATCC type 1) infected cells.   
c. Low level Para 1 (C-35 strain) infected cells mixed with mid level Adenovirus (ATCC type 1) infected cells.   
d. Low Adenovirus (ATCC type 1) infected cells mixed with mid level Para 1 (C-35 strain) infected cells.   
e. Mid level non-infected (negative) cells.

The low level is estimated to contain between 4 to $10 \%$ infected cells in the sample. The mid level is estimated to contain between 20 to $2 5 \%$ infected cells in the sample. Each sample contains 2.5 x105 to 3.5 x10° total cells.

Each panel was tested daily in two separate runs for 5-days by four different laboratories (40 total runs). The following results were recorded:

a. Presence or absence of golden-yellow fluorescence.   
b. Percent of cells exhibiting golden-yellow fluorescence.   
c. Presence or absence of apple-green fluorescence.   
d. Percent of cells exhibiting apple-green fluorescence.

For the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFAInfluenza A/Influenza B Reagent, the combined data from the four Study Sites demonstrated reproducible detection of influenza A virus by the R-PE labeled MAbs and reproducible detection of influenza B virus by the FITC-labeled MAbs. The presence of influenza A virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of influenza B virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The absence of infected cells was reported in $9 5 \%$ (38/40) of the wells in which infected cells were not present. The total percent agreement for the D³ FastPoint L-DFAa A/Influenza B Reagent was 99.3% (278/280):

<table><tr><td colspan="10" rowspan="1">Table 5.2:  Reproducibility Study Results using the D² FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PanelMember</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Flu ALowLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Flu BLowLevel</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mixed Infection</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mixed Infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Total %Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A MidLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B LowLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A LowLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B MidLevel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noinfectedcells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 30%infectedcells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 30%infectedcells</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/10(80%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.68/70(97.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="10" rowspan="1">Table 5.2.  Reproducibility Study Results using the D FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent   ;.                       .i</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AgrecmentwithExpectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10.(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalAgreementwith Expectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38/40(95%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40/40(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40/40(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40/40(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40/40(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">· 40/40(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40/40(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">278/280(99.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.1-99.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.2-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.2-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.2100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.2-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.2-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.2-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.4-99.9%</td></tr></table>

For the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV Reagent, the combined data from the four Study Sites demonstrated reproducible detection of RSV by the RPE labeled MAbs and reproducible detection of hMPV by the FITC-labeled MAbs. The presence of RSV infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of hMPV infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The absence of infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (40/40) of the wells in which infected cells were not present. The total percent agreement for the $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV Reagent was $100 \%$ (280/280):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 5.3:  Reproducibility Study Results using the D3 FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RSVLowLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>hMPVLowLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total %Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV MidLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPVLow Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV LowLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV MidLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noinfected. cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 30%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 30%infectedcells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr></table>

Sec05_FastPoint_L-DFA_Final.doc

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 5.3:Reproducibility Study Results using the D&#x27; FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV Reagent$$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreementwith Expectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280/280(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 -100%</td></tr></table>

For the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/Adenovirus Reagent, the combined data from the four Study Sites demonstrated reproducible detection of HPIV-1 by the R-PE labeled MAbs and reproducible detection of Adenovirus by the FITC-labeled MAbs. The presence of HPIV-1 infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of Adenovirus infected cells was reported in $1 0 0 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The absence of infected cells was reported in $1 0 0 \% ( 4 0 / 4 0 )$ of the wells in which infected cells were not present. The total percent agreement for the D³ FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/Adenovirus was $100 \%$ (280/280):

Table 5.: Reproducibility Study Results using the D FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/Adenovirus Reagent "i#4 n   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HPIV-1LowLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AdenovirusLow Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total %Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPIV-1MidLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus LowLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPIV-1Low Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusMid Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noinfectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to30%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 30%infectedcells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreementwith Expectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280/280(100%)</td></tr></table>

SecO5_FastPoint_L-DFA_Final.doc

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 5.4:  Reproducibility Study Results using the D³ FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/Adenovirus Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7-100%</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection

Analytical Limit of Detections (LoDs) of the ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Reagents was addressed using dilution series of infected model cells. Model cells for 8 characterized respiratory virus isolates; influenza A virus (ATCC Victoria strain), influenza B virus (ATCC Taiwan strain), respiratory syncytial virus (ATCC Washington strain), adenovirus (ATCC type 1), human metapneumovirus subtype A1 (clinical strain), parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 (ATCC strains C-35, Greer, and C243 respectively) were diluted with non-infected cells to produce a suspension equivalent to 1,000 infected cells per milliliter. This level theoretically yields approximately 25 infected cells per 25- $\mu \mathrm { L }$ of suspension. This suspension was then serially diluted to a theoretical level of less than 1 cell per milliliter. (NOTE: This level was the target to begin with a low positive level. Actual starting levels vary, however, and are within 1 dilution of the 25 infected cell target level). $2 5 \mathrm { - \mu L }$ aliquots from each dilution level were spotted onto 10 replicate microscope slides, and then stained according to the instructions for use described in this product insert. Each cell spot was examined at 200x magnification. Results were reported as numbers of positive replicates for each set of 10. Analytical detection limits for each of the 8 analytes were defined as the lowest dilutions at which at least 9 out of 10 replicates were detected. LoD study results are summarized in Table 5.5 below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.5: Limit of Detections of the D³ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus IdentificationKit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of replicates withpositive cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD determination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Flu A(ATCC Victoria strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>50 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Flu B(ATCC Taiwan strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>50 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr></table>

SccO5_FastPoint_L-DFA_Final.doc

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.5:: Limit of Detections of the D&#x27; FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus IdentificationKit                                                    </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of replicates withpositive cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD determination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>RSV(ATCC Washingtonstrain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>100 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>hMPV AI(Clinical strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>100 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Adenovirus(ATCC type 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>100 infected cells/ml.&#x27;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>HPIV-1(ATCC strain C-35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>100 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>HPIV-2(ATCC strain Greer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>25 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>HPIV-3(ATCC strain C243)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>50 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10</td></tr></table>

SecO5_FastPoint_L-DFA_Final.doc

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.5: Limit of Detections of the D FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification. Kit &quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of replicates withpositive cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD determination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr></table>

# Analytical reactivity (inclusivity)

Analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent was evaluated using 13 influenza A virus and 7 influenza B virus strains. Low concentration infected cell suspensions (approximately $4 \%$ cells infected, 25-50 infected cells) were prepared for each viral strain. The suspensions were stained with the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 5.6: Analytical Reactivity (inclusivity) of the D FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/lnfluenza BReagent on various influenza A virus and influenza B virus strains</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Strains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected Cell Concentration(as multiples of the respectiveestablished LoD concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D³3 FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Mexico/4108/2009(H1N1) from CDC*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A California/07/2009(H1N1) from CDC*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Wisconsin/56/2005I  (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A WS, VR-1520 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Hong Kong, VR-544(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A New Jersey, VR-897(H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A A/NWS/33(H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Victoria, VR-822 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A PR, VR-95 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Port Chalmers, VR-810(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Aichi, VR-547 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Denver, VR-546 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Mal, VR-98 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B GL/1739/54, VR-103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Taiwan/2/62, VR-295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Hong Kong/5/72, VR-823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Maryland/1/59, VR-296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Russia, VR-790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr></table>

Table 5.6: Analytical Reactivity (inclusivityof the D FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza Reagent on various influenza A virus and influenza B virus strains   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Strains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected Cell Concentration(as multiples of the respectiveestablished LoD concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D² FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Massachusetts, VR-523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr></table>

\*Although the $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent has been shown to detect the 2009 H1N1 virus in two culture isolates, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for the 2009 H1Nl influenza virus have not been established. The ${ \bf { \dot { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B DFA Reagent can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it cannot differentiate influenza subtypes.

Analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV DFA Reagent was evaluated using 3 RSV virus and 4 hMPV virus strains. Low. concentration infected cell suspensions (approximately $4 \%$ cells infected, 25-50 infected cells) were prepared for each viral strain. The suspensions were stained with the $\mathrm { D } ^ { \hat { 3 } }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV Reagent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 5.7: Analytical Reactivity (inclusivity) of the D FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV DFAReagent on various RSV virus and hMPV virus strains</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV and hMPV Strains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected Cell Concentration (asmultiples of the respectiveestablished LoD concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D3 FastPoint L-DFA RSV/hMPV ReagentResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV 9320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Washington</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Long</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr></table>

Analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/Adenovirus DFA Reagent was evaluated using 3 HPIV virus and 10 Adenovirus strains. Low concentration infected cell suspensions (approximately $4 \%$ cells infected, 25-50 infected cells) were prepared for each viral strain. The suspensions were stained with the $D ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/Adenovirus Reagent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 5.8: Analytical Reactivity (inelusivity) of the D&#x27; FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/AdenovirusReagent on various HPlV virus and adenovirus strains</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza and Adenovirus Strains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected Cell Concentration(as multiples of the respectiveestablished LoDconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^² FastPoint L-DFA HPIV/AdenovirusReagent Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 1 C-35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 2 Greer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 3 C-243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGlow</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 1 VR-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 3 VR-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 5 VR-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 6 VR-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 7 VR-7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 8 VR-1366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 10 VR-1087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus VR-14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Dewitt ATCCStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 31 VR-1109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance:

Performance of the ${ \mathrm { D } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit testing direct respiratory specimens were established during prospective studies at 4 geographically diverse U.S. clinical laboratories during the 2009 respiratory virus seasons (January 2009 - March 2009). All specimens used in the studies meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria represented excess, remnants of respiratory specimens that were prospectively collected from symptomatic individuals suspected of respiratory infection, and were submitted for routine care or analysis by each site, and that otherwise would have been discarded. Individual specimens were delinked from all patient identifiers and given a study sample code. All clinical sites were granted waivers of informed consent by their IRBs for this study.

Performance of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit was assessed and compared to a predetermined algorithm that used composite comparator methods. The composite comparator methods for influenza A virus, influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, parainfluenza virus, and adenovirus consisted of Direct Specimen Fluorescent Antibody (DSFA) test with an FDA cleared device and viral culture confirmation of all the negatives (as determined by the comparator DSFA test). For human metapneumovirus the composite comparator methods consisted of DSFA with an FDA cleared device, and confirmation of all negative specimens (as determined by the comparator

DSFA test) using a validated² hMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bidirectional sequencing analysis comparator assay. The hMPV real-time RTPCR comparator assay targets the hMPV Nucleocapsid gene. "True" positive was defined as any sample that either tested positive by the comparator DSFA test or viral culture, or had bi-directional sequencing data meeting pre-defined quality acceptance criteria that matched hMPV sequences deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm,nih.gov), with acceptable E-values4 True" negative was defined as any sample that tested negative by both the comparator DSFA test and either viral culture or the hMPV real-time RT-PCR comparator assay.

Prevalence of the respiratory viruses within this population as determined by the ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit direct specimen testing is noted in Table 5.9 below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Table 5.9: &quot; Respiratory Virus Prevalence                      &#x27;      &quot;t&quot;         µ\:.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSpecimcnsEvaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPIV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalencc)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-1month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (27.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (3.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1month to2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (4.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (3.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154 (26.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 (7.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (1.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 (5.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;2years to12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 (11.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104 (26.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 (6.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (4.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (1.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;12$years to21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (11.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 (23.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 yearsto 30years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (5.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (24.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 yearsto 40years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (12.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (12.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (4.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 yearsto 50years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (9.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (9.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

3 Analytical validation of the real-time hMPV RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing analysis comparator assay included analytical sensitivity and reactivity study, analytical specificity study, and extraction efficiency study.The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the real-time hMPV RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing analysis comparator assay was determined using quantified (TCIDso/mL) stocks of the 4 hMPV (subtypes A1, A2, B1 and B2) strains diluted in hMPV negative nasopharyngeal clinical matrix, and ranged from $1 0 - 5 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 5.9:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Respiratory Virus Prevalence    : :</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalSpecimensEvaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPIV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 yearsto 60years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (6.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (6.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (6.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 yearsto 70years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (6.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (6.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (3.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (3.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 ycarsto 80years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (12.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (6.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (6.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (25.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81 yearsandabove</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (14.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (14.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age NotReported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (4.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (34.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115 (7.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213 (14.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203(13.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77(5.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (0.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 (2.6%)</td></tr></table>

\* There were seven (7) co-infections detected: 2 - respiratory syncytial virus $^ +$ EMPY metapneumovirus, 2- adenovirus $^ +$ respiratory syncytial virus, 2- influenza $\textsf { A } +$ metapneumovirus, 1-respiratory syncytial virus $+$ adenovirus and 1-respiratory syncytial virus $^ +$ parainfluenza virus

# Tables 5.10 through 5.15 below show the study results of the NP wash/aspirate specimen type (Sites 1, 2, and 3 combined):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.10:&quot; FluA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DH1 DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>578</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>637</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGtllwb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.9-92.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568/571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5-99.9%</td></tr></table>

Tabl i vh, 6:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culturc withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHI DSFA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">617</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">619</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">617</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">628</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.2-97.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">617/617</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh nasal/nasopharyngcalwash/aspirate</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHI DSFA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">204</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">205</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">462</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">465</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">463</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">670</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">204/207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.8-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">462/463</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8-100%</td></tr></table>

# Table 5.13Adenovirus

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tolal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>632</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentaYnntYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.0-99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619/619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

/ Table 5.14:HPIV   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (ncgatives followed by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>601</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>628</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.0-99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>599/603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3-99.8%</td></tr></table>

0Ta665:15: MPV   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives confirmed by a validatedhMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directionalsequencing analysis comparator assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>639</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>694</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.4-78.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>614/614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

Tables 5.16 through 5.21 below show the study results of the NP swab specimen type (Sites 3 and 4 combined):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>:                                       Table5.16 Flu A     ,2yl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives followcd by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>624</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>689</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.2-94.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>623/624</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1-100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>^&#x27;I                 Table 5.17: FluB.I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>710</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203/231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.7-92.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478/479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.18:  RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culture withDFA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>646</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>647</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>646</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentntaYYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scnsitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>646/646</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.19: Adenovirus            l:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>679</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>680</td></tr></table>

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>679/679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5-100%</td></tr></table>

Note: The sensitivity performance of the $\overrightarrow { \mathbf { D } } ^ { \mathbf { J } }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus ID Kit detecting adenovirus from direct nasal/nasopharyngeal swab specimens has not been adequately established in the clinical study due to low adenovirus prevalence at the clinical study sites. However, the same MAb pool for adenovirus was validated in previous clinical trials for a number of FDA cleared DSFA devices. Users may wish to further evaluate the sensitivity performance of this kit detecting adenovirus using prospective nasal/nasopharyngeal swab samples.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.20:HHIPIV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives followed by culture withDFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>668</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>681</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentaYelaGentaYelowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.1-99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667/667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.21hMPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA (negatives confirmed by a validatedhMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directionalsequencing analysis comparator assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>651</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>675</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.8-69.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631/631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

Overall at the four Study Sites, the performance results of the $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint LDFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit, when compared to those of the comparator devices, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra Kit, ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ Duet RSV Kit, and $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Metapneumovirus DFA Reagent, demonstrate that the devices detect respiratory virus antigens in a similar manner.

Mr. Ronald Lollar   
Senior Director, Product Realization, Management, and Marketing Diagnostic Hybrids Inc.   
1055 East State Street Suite 100   
Athens, OH 45701

Re: K091171 Trade/Device Name: $D ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name:Respiratory viral panel multiplex ucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OMG, LKT, GNX, GQS, GNY Dated: September 2, 2009 Received: September 8, 2009

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classifid (see above)into either class I (Special Controls) or class ⅢII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to thie market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entiled, "Misrandng by reference  premarket notifiation (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours, te Stf Ar

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K091171

Device Name: D² FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit

Indications For Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Respiratory Virus Identification Kit is intended for the qualitative identification of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, human metapneumovirus, adenovirus and to screen for the presence of parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection by direct detection of immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs).

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for influenza A virus, influenza B virus, respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus or parainfluenza viruses after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Specimens found to be negative for human metapneumovirus after examination of the direct specimen results should be confirmed by an FDA cleared human metapneumovirus molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A (H3N2) and influenza A (H1N1) were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. Since influenza strains display antigenic drift and shift from year to year, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected, based on clinical and epidemiological screening criteria communicated by public health authorities, collect specimens following appropriate infection control precautions and submit to state or local health departments, for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility' is available to receive and culture specimens."

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C) e Sy Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Page 1 of 2 Evaluation and Safety

510(k) k01171