# SECTION 2: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

# Intended Use:

chromlD ™m MRSA agar is a selective and differential chromogenic medium for the qualitative detection of nasal colonization by methicilin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. The test is performed on anterior nares swab specimens from patients and healthcare workers to screen for MRSA colonization. chromlD ™ MRSA agar is not intended to diagnose MRSA infection nor to guide or monitor treatment for infections.

# Device Description:

chromID ™m MRSA agar is a selective and differential chromogenic medium for the qualitative detection of MRSA from anterior nares swab specimens.

chromID™m MRSA agar consists of a rich nutritive base combining different peptones. It also contain a chromogenic substrate of $\pmb { \alpha }$ -glucosidase and a combination of several antibiotics, which favor the growth of MRSA including hetero-resistant strains. The antibiotics include: cefoxitin $( 4 m g / 1 )$ aztreonam $( 6 4 \ m g / 1 )$ , and amphotericin B $( 3 m g / 1 )$ .The selective mixture of antibiotics inhibits most bacteria not belonging to the genus Staphylococcus, as well as yeasts. The MRSA strains are identified by the presence of green colonies that result from the chromogen incorporated in the medium. The chromogen targets the $\pmb { \alpha }$ -glucosidase activity of S. aureus. The $\pmb { \alpha }$ glucosidase produced by S. aureus cleaves the chromogenic substrate, which gives a green color to the S. aureus colonies growing on the medium. This chromogen is identified as "Green $\pmb { \alpha }$ -glucoside" (5- Bromo-4-chloro-3-indoxyl-N-methyl- $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathbf { G }$ -D-glucoside) (patent registered).

# Device Comparison Table:

The similarities and differences of ChromlD™ MRSA agar when compared to the predicate device are described in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DevicechromID™ MRSA Agar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateBBL ™ CHROMaGar™ MRSA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">chromID™ MRSA agar is aselective and differentialchromogenic medium for thequalitative detection of nasalcolonization by methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) to aidin the prevention and control ofMRSA infections in healthcaresettings. The test is performed onanterior nares swab specimensfrom patients and heaithcareworkers to screen for MRSAcolonization. chromtD™ MRSAagar is not intended to diagnoseMRSA infection nor to guide ormonitor treatment for infections.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BBL ™ CHROMagar™ MRSA is a selectiveand differential medium for the qualitativedirect detection of nasal colonization bymethicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA) to aid in the prevention and controlof MRSA infections in healthcare settings.The test is performed on anterior naresswab specimens from patients andhealthcare workers to screen for MRSAcolonization. BBL ™ CHROMagar ™" MRSAis not intended to diagnose MRSA infectionnor to guide or monitor treatment forinfections.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct Specimen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anterior nares specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anterior nares specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DevicechromID™ MRSA Agar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateBBL ™" CHROMagar™ MRSA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">chromID™ MRSA contains achromogenic substrate and acombination of severalantibiotics including cefoxitin.The chromogenic substrateprovides for the direct detectionof MRSA by revealing a-glucosidase activity whichproduces green colonies(patent registered).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BBL ™ CHROMagar™ MRSA containsspecific chromogenic substrates andcefoxitin. MRSA strains growing in thepresence of these substrates willproduce mauve-colored coloniesresulting from hydrolysis of thechromogenic substrate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IncubationConditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24h at 35-37°C in aerobicconditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-48 h in 33-37°C in aerobic conditions</td></tr></table>

# Discussion:

Both devices have similar Intended Use statements.The technological characteristics are similar but not identical. Both devices, chromID™ MRSA agar and BBL ™ CHROMagar™ MRSA, are chromogenic media incorporated with cefoxitin for the direct detection of methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus from anterior nares specimens. Both devices incorporate selective agents in the agar to most bacteria not belonging to the genus Staphylococcus, as well as yeasts.chromlD™ MRSA agar contains chromogenic substrates that reveal $\pmb { \alpha }$ -glucosidase activity of MRSA strains and produce green colonies. BBL ™ CHROMagar ™ MRSA contains specific chromogenic substrates. MRSA strains growing in the presence of these substrates will produce mauve-colored colonies resulting from hydrolysis of the chromogenic substrate

The safety and effectiveness of the chromlD ™m MRSA agar is not impacted by the technology differences. The chromlD ™ MRSA agar utilizes nutrient agar medium that contains selective and differential agents and is very similar to the BBL ™ CHROMagar ™ MRSA agar. The significant technological difference between the two media is the type of chromogenic substrate incorporated in the media to indicate the presence of MRSA colonies.

Clinical studies were performed and demonstrate acceptable performance of chromID ™ MRSA. The overalI agreement for detection of MRSA and non-MRSA by chrom!D ™M MRSA compared to conventional methods including the identification and susceptibility testing was $9 8 . 6 \%$ (1242/1259) at $\pmb { 2 4 } \hbar$ . Performance comparisons to confirmed MRSA and non-MRSA strains can be found in the following table:

Clinical Performance Compared to Conventional Methods after $2 4 \hbar$ Incubation:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-MRSA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMRSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7% (304/321)95% Cl = 91.7 - 96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (938/938)95% CI = 99.6 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSAB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6% (294/321)95% Cl = 88.0 - 94.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (938/938)95% CI = 99.6 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cMRSA vs. Latex Agglutination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3% (309/321)95% CI = 93.6 - 98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4% (923/938)95% Cl = 97.4 - 99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cMRSA vs. Cefoxitin Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3% (309/321)95% CI = 93.6  98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4% (923/938)95% CI = 97.4 - 99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMRSA vs. meCA PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (321/321)95% Cl = 98.9 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% (918/938)95% CI = 96.7 - 98.7%</td></tr></table>

CI $=$ Confidence Interval

Performance is based on the number of true positives detected from either medium during the trial (true positives $=$ number of samples positive by TSAB $^ +$ number of samples that are false negative by TSAB and positive by chromiD™M MRSA).

# Conclusion:

The analytical and clinical performance data presented in this submission support a substantial equivalence decision. Based on the Substantial Equivalence Decision Tree, the chromID™ MRSA agar is substantially equivalent to the BBL™ CHROMagar™ MRSA agar.

JUL 1 7 2009

# Food and Drug Administration 10903 New Hampshire Avenue Building 66 Silver Spring, MD 20993

Biomerieux, Inc.   
c/o Nancy Weaver   
Director, Regulatory Affairs 595 Anglum Rd   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: k091024 Trade/Device Name: chromIDTM MRSA Agar Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1700 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JSO Dated: July 8, 2009 Received: July 9, 2009

Dear Ms. Weaver,

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will alow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 - Ms. Nancy Weaver

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office or In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,   
Hall aA   
Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): KD9 /02Y

Device Name: chromID™ MRSA Agar

Indications For Use:

chromlD ™m MRSA agar is a selective and differential chromogenic medium for the qualitative detection of nasal colonization by methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) to aid in the prevention and control of MRsA infections in healthcare settings. The test is performed on anterior nares swab specimens from patients and healthcare workers to screen for MRSA colonization. chromID ™m MRSA agar is not intended to diagnose MRSA infection nor to guide or monitor treatment for infections.

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K091024