# K092322

MAR 1 2 2010

# 510(k) Summary

Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 (317) 521 - 3723

Contact Person: Theresa A. Bush

Date prepared: March 12, 2010

# Device Name

Proprietary name: (1) Elecsys Rubella lgM Immunoassay (2) Elecsys Rubella IgM PreciControl

Common name: (1) Rubella IgM Iinmunoassay ) Rubella IgM PreciControl

Classification name: (1) Rubella Virus serological reagents Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed)

Device Description

(I ) The Elecsys Rubella lgM Immunoassay is a two-step sandwich   
immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection. The Rubella IgM is composed of a biotin-labeled monoclonal antibody-against-human IgM, a Rubella-like particle and a ruthenium-labeled anti-Rubella antibody. A relationship exists between the concentration of the IgM antibody targets present in a patient sample and the level of signal count detected by the systein. The IgM assay is a qualitative test based on a cut-off formula dependent on the negative and positive calibrators. Cut-off index (COl) is based on the ratio of assay signal to cut-off signal (also abbreviated s/co). COl values equal to or greater than 1.0 are considered positive for the presence of anti-Rubella lgM antibody. Results are determined using a 2 poinit calibration. The test system contains the human serum-based   
calibrators intended for use with the'system:' i ....   
(2) The Elecsys PreciControl Rubella IgM contains two levels of human serum. The positive contro) contains native, inactivated Rubella lgM   
antibodies.

Intended use   (1) The Elecsys Rubella IgM immunoassay is for the in vitro qualitative determination of IgM antibodies to rubella virus in human serum and Liheparin, K3-EDTA, and sodium citrate plasma. This assay may be used as an aid in the presumptive diagnosis of an acute or recent rubella infection in individuals, including women of childbearing age. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers. NOTE: This assay has not been cleared/approved by the FDA for blood/plasma donor screening.

(2) Elecsys PreciControl Rubella IgM is used for quality control of the Elecsys Rubella IgM immunoassay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Indications for Use

(I )The Elecsys Rubella IgM assay may be used as an aid in the presumptive diagnosis of an acute or recent rubella infection, particularly in women of childbearing age.

:: cummmpqry cominued

# Substantial equivalence

The Elecsys Rubella IgM Test system is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States.

(1) Elecsys Rubella lgM Immunoassay is equivalent to the Zeus Scientific   
Rubella IgM EL1SA Test System cleared in K984180   
(2) Elecsys PreciControl Rubella lgM is equivalent to the Elecsys   
PreciControl TnT (K031990)

. . : .…

The devices are compared to their predicates in the tables below.

.. L.·.

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(1) Rubella IgM Immunoassay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Rubella IgMImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Zeus ScientificRubella IgM ELISA Test System(K984180)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Rubella IgMimmunoassay is for the in vitroqualitative determination of IgMantibodies to rubella virus inhuman serum and Li-heparin, K3-EDTA and sodium citrate plasma.This assay may be used as an aidin the presumptive diagnosis of anacute or recent rubella infection.particularly in women ofchildbearing age. Theelectrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; isintended for use on the Elecsysand cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.Note: This assay has not beencleared/approved by the FDA forblood/plasma donor screening.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Zeus Scientific. Inc. LaboratoriesRubella IgM ELISA Test System isdesigned for the qualitative detectionof IgM antibodies to rubella virus inhuman serum. The test system isintended to be used to evaluateserological evidence of acute or recentinfection with rubella virus and is forin vitro diagnostic use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aid in the presumptive diagnosis ofan acute or recent rubellainfection, particularly in wonen ofchildbearing age.    i   &#x27; .1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>is intended to be used to evaluateserological evidence of acute or recentinfection with rubella virus and is forin vitro diagnostic use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectrochemiluninescentImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum. lithium heparinplasma, potassium (K3) EDTAplasma and sodium citrate plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Elecsys 2010 andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170(Elecsys module) and cobas eimunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No automated instrument platform.ELISA equipment/ microwell platereader needed. No specific modelrequired.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included in kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included in kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr></table>

# Elecsys Rubella IgM Test system

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After opening at 2-8C: 8 weeksOn Elecsys 2010/ cobas e 41 1 : upto 5 hoursOn E170/ cobas e 601: use onlyonce</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store between 2-8 C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrationfrequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once per reagent lot andAfter I month when usingsame reagent lotAfter 7 days when usingsame reagent kitAs required per QCfindings or pertinentregulations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Each time the assay is run.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Rubella IgM (soldseparately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative control includedin kit.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche standard with arbitraryunits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery of WHO ReferenceStandard is shown.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened 2-8°C - up to expirationOpened 2-8°C - 12 weeksOnboard2 weeks or 12 weeks(stored alternately in refrigeratorand on the analyzer- ambienttemperature 20-25°C; up to 84hours opened in total.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened kit: Store at 2-8°C.Coated microwell strips: 2-8°C shouldbe immediately resealed withdessicant ; stable 60 days providedindicator on dessicant pouch remainsblue.Conjugate, Control, Calibrator, TMB,and Diluent: 2-8°Wash buffer and Stop Solution: 2-25Diluted wash buffer: stable at roomtemperature 7 days or 30 days at 2-8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intrassay: (range of values)Low Control: Cv 1.38. 5.74%High Control: CV 1.14 - 4.83 %Plasma Samples: CV: 1.03 6.71%Inter-assay:Low Control: CV 2.04 - 10.52%High Control: CV 2.77 - 10.43 %Plasma Sample 1.86 - 17.07 %ufils</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intraassay:Negative: 27-60%Negative close to equivocal: 3.1-7.1%Equivocal: 1.2-10.1%High Positive: 3.4-9.3%Low Positive: 3.2-5.4%Inter-assay:Negative: 48%Negative close to equivocal: 16.4%Equivocal: 3.5%High Positive5.7%Low Positive: 4.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.6 % agreement with predicatefor 60 specimens representing avariety of disease states.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not stated.</td></tr></table>

-- washumerndyon

Elecsys Rubella lgM Test system

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay is unaffected by icterus(bilirubin &lt; 428 μmol/L or &lt; 25ing/dL), hemolysis (Hb &lt; 1.49mmol/L or &lt; 2.4 g/dL), lipeinia(Intralipid &lt; 1500 mg/dL),Immunoglobulin A up to 9.6ing/mL. Iinmunoglobulin G up to42 mg/mL and biotin &lt; 205nmol/L or &lt; 50 ng/mL.Criterion: Recovery of positivesamples within ± 20% of initialvalue.RF factor was not observed tocause any consistent bias, but RFfactor levels higher than 1650IU/mL. may lead to erroneousresults in some instances.Elevated levels of IgM may causeinterference. There is no high dosehook effect up to a COl of 24.0.As with many µ-capture assays aninterference with unspecifichuman IgM is observed.Increasing amounts of unspecifichuman IgM may lead to a decreasein the recovery of positive sampleswith the Elecsys Rubella IgMassay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No anticoagulants or preservativesshould be added; avoid usinghemolyzed, lipemic, or bacteriallycontaminated samples. IgG antibodycan cause false negative results.Epstein-Barr can cause false response,infectious mononucleosis andautoimmune disease can cause falsepositives.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethodComparison(Elecsys vs ZeusScientific/AbbottAxSym and DPCImmulite):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pregnant Subjects:Negative Agreement        99.20% (131/132) 95.90%-99.98%Positive Agreeinent:         0.00% (0/0) 0%-100%Non-Pregnant Subjects:Negative Agreement:         98.90% (364/368) 97.20-99.70%Positive Agreement:           0.00% (0/1) 0.00-97.5%</td></tr></table>

:;1 I ' 11

# Elecsys Rubefla IgM Test system

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3> Precicontrol Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PrecicontrolRubella IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateElecsys PrecicontrolTroponin T (K031990).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlRubella IgM is used forquality control of theElecsys Rubella IgMimmunoassay on theElecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlTroponin T is used forquality control of theElecsys Troponin T(Cardiac T) immunoassayon the Elecsys 2010 andMODULARANALYTICS E170(Elecsys module)immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened: up to thestated expiration dateAfter opening at 2-8C: 8weeksOnboard: 5 hourst</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened: up to the statedexpiration dateAfter reconstituting: at 2-8C: 2 weeksAt -20C: 8 weeksOnboard: 5 hours</td></tr></table>

. . . TT

# MAR 1 2 2010

Roche Diagnostics   
c/o Theresa A Bush   
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN, 46250-3831

Re: k092322 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Rubella IgM Immunoassay Elecsys PreciControl Rubella IgM Regulation Number: 21CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 3 5 1 0$ EMP Regulation Name: Rubella virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFX JJX Dated: March 5, 2010. Received: March 9, 2010

Dear Ms. Bush:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050. This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Viro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Vall atr

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k092322...

Device Name: _Elecsys Rubella IgM Immunoassay

Indications for Use:

The Elecsys Rubella IgM immunoassay is for the in vitro qualitative determination of IgM antibodies to rubella virus in human serum and Li-heparin, K3-EDTA, and sodium citrate plasma. This assay may be used as an aid in the presumptive diagnosis of an acute or recent rubella infection in individuals, including women of childbearing age. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers. NOTE: This assay has not been cleared/approved by the FDA for blood/plasma donor screening.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

We Sif

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k092322

Device Name: PreciControl Rubella IgM

Elecsys PreciControl Rubella IgM is used for quality control of the Elecsys Rubella IgM immunoassay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IFNEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Ure Sif

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

Page 2 of 2