$$
[ \sigma \mathcal { G } ] \sigma \mathcal { S } \sigma \mathcal { G }
$$

# Nanosphere

OCT - 9 2009

# Summary of 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)numbers:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K092566: Verigene® Respiratory Virus Nucleic Acid Test on the Verigene® SP System (RVNATsp)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Summarypreparationdate:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>October 7, 2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submittedby:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nanosphere, Inc.4088 Commercial AvenueNorthbrook, IL 60062Phone: 847-400-9000   Fax: 847-400-9199</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gregory W. Shipp, M.D.Chief Medical OfficerVP, Medical and Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietarynames:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For instrument:Verigene® SP SystemFor the assay:Verigene® Respiratory Virus Nucleic Acid Test on the Verigene® SP System (RVNATsp)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commonnames:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the instrument:Bench-top molecular diagnostics workstationFor the assays:Respiratory panelRespiratory virus panelRespiratory virusesInfluenza A assayInfluenza B assayRSV assayInfluenza A/B and RSV assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonVRNAT andRVNATsp:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional claim to the 510(k) application, K083088 is described.The Verigene Respiratory Virus NucleicAcid Test (VRNAT) wil add the Verigene S System to the labeling as a cleared system.The safety andeffectiveness of the Verigene® Respiratory Virus Nucleic Acid Test on the Verigene SP System(RVNAT sp) is demonstrated with analytical and method comparison studies.The FDA-cleared VRNAT (K083088) is a qualitative test based on identifying virus-specific nucleic acids  I i  v  sample preparation (or nucleic acid extraction), target amplification, and hybridization test and analysistake place on three separate instruments (Table 1).The RvNATs is the same assay with additionalsystem claims for the Verigene SP System, a modified Verigene® System that allows sample preparation,target amplification, and hybridization test and analysis using a single system (Table 1).</td></tr></table>

Device description:   

<table><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="3">Table 1.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Sample Preparation</td><td>Target Amplification</td><td>Hybridization Test and Analysis</td></tr><tr><td>VRNAT (cleared, K083088)</td><td>Nuclisens EasyMAG (bioMerieux)</td><td>Thermocycler</td><td>Verigene System</td></tr><tr><td>RVNAT sP</td><td>Verigene SP System</td><td>Verigene SP System</td><td>Verigene SP System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4">The RVNATssdesigned eniyvirus-peciicucleicacis or Influenza virus, Influenza vis, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The RVNATsp involves: 1) Sample Preparation — magnetic bead-based viral RNA extraction from nasopharyngeal swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients; 2) Target Amplification  Multiplex RT-PCR-based amplification of the eluted viral RNA targets to generate virus-specific amplicons; 3) Verigene Hybridization Test and Analysis  detection and identification of virus-specific amplicons by using gold nanoparticle probe-based technology.</td></tr></table>

The entire $R V N A T _ { S P }$ is performed on the Verigene $\textcircled{8}$ SP System, which is a bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation that consists of two instruments, the Verigene SP Processor and the Verigene Reader. The Verigene $S P$ Processor performs the assay steps on each sample by using a robotic pipettor to transfer and mix reagents within and between separate testing modules designed for nucleic acd extraction, target amplification, and the Verigene Hybridization test.The Verigene hybridization test module is the same as in the previous Verigene System with added modules for nucleic acid extraction and RT-PCR target amplification. Key functions of the Verigene SP Processor include:

1) Reading of the barcode identification label on inserted Test Consumables to maintain positive identification of patient samples throughout processing.   
2) Facilitation of nucleic acid extraction, multiplex RT-PCR target amplification, and the Verigene Hybridization Test.   
3) Real-time communication of test processing status to the Reader.

The Verigene Reader is the same instrument as in the FDA-cleared VRNAT. It is a free-standing instrument with a touch screen control panel and a wand-based barcode scanner It utilizes a graphical u inteac to guide eserhrogh e pro rderg tts n portg esu.Thee serviceable parts and no user calibration is required. Interaction with the touch screen is minimized through barcode use. This instrument also serves as the reader of the Test Cartridges using advanced optics. The key functions of the Verigene Reader include:

Entry and tracking of specimen identification numbers via manual keyboard input or via barcodereader wand.   
2) Test selection for each specimen.   
3) Automated transfer of specimen processing instructions on Test Cartridge-specific basis to linked Processor unit(s). A single Reader unit can control up to 32 Processor units.   
4) Automated imaging and analysis of Test Cartridges.   
Results display.   
6) Results report generation.

RVNATsp consumables within each single-use disposable test kit include: i) Tip Holder Assembly; (i) Extraction Tray: iAmplification Tray; and iv) RV Test Cartrige. The kit components are inserteinto the corresponding module of the Verigene $S P$ Processor prior to each test, and the sample is added to the Extraction Tray. Patient information is entered into the Reader to initiate the test procedure.

Tip Holder Assembly - The robotic pipettor picks up pipettes from the Tip Holder Assembly. The pipettes are used for mixing and transferring reagents within the test procedure.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">2) 3) Amplification Tray - The isolated nucleic acids are amplified by using multiplex RT-PCR within the Amplification Tray. Each Tray contains reagents for a single multiplex RT-PCR procedure. A robotic pite transfers the reagents to a specific well within the Amplification Tray.A set thermal profileis then initiated to perform all of the amplification related steps including UDG-based decontamination,</td><td>Extraction Tray - Nucleic acids are extracted from the sample by using magnetic bead-based methods within the Extraction Tray. Each Tray contains reagents for a single extraction procedure. A robotic pipette transfers reagents to designated wells within the Extraction Tray to affect the steps lysis, capture of nucleic acids onto the magnetic beads, washing, and eluting the isolated nucleic acids from the magnetic beads.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">4) pack via microfluidic channels and pumps. Once the test is complete, the Test Cartridge is removed from the Verigene SP Processor unit and the reagent pack is snapped off and discarded. The remaining slide is now ready for imaging and analysis in the Verigene Reader. 5) End-point detection on the Verigene Reader: The test slide is inserted into the Verigene Reader</td><td>reverse transcription, and multiplex PCR in a single tube.Upon completion, an aliquot of the amplifid sample is mixed with hybridization buffer containing the virus specific mediator probes. The sample is then transferred to the Test Cartridge. RV Test Cartridge for Verigene Hybridization Test  The virus-specific amplicons are detected and identified within a Test Cartridge by using specific nucleic acid probes in conjunction with gold nanoparticle probe-based detection technology. Each Test Cartridge is a self-contained, laboratory consumable that consists of two parts. The upper housing of each cartridge is called the &quot;reagent pack&quot; and contains reservoirs filed with the detection reagents.When in place with the &#x27;substrate holder&#x27;, the reagent pack creates an air-tight hybridization chamber surrounding the region of the substrate containing a target-specific capture array. As each step of the test is completed, old reagents are moved out of the hybridization chamber and new reagents are added from the reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>decision regarding the presence or absence of target.These results are linked to the test and patient information entered at the beginning of each test session to provide a comprehensive results file. The RVNATsp is a qualitative multiplex in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and identification of Influenza AVirus, Influenza B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids purifid from nasopharyngeal swab specimens obtained from patients symptomatic for viral upper respiratory infection. The test is intended to be used on the Verigene® SP System as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B, and RSV infections. The test is not intended to detect Influenza C virus. Negative results donot preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the solebasis</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate device: discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV).</td><td>screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with apopriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or lal healt department or testing.Viral culture should not be atempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ acily is available to receive and culture specimens. The cleared Verigene® Respiratory Virus Nucleic Acid Test (VRNAT), K083088 is claimed as the predicate device Table ). It is a multiplex in vitro diagnostic test for he rapid and qualitative detectin and</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Similarities and Differences between the Cleared and the New System.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VRNAT (Predicate, K083088)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verigene RVNATsp</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Verigene® Respiratory Virus Nucleic Acid Teston Verigene SP System (RVNATsp) is a qualitativemultiplex in vitro diagnostic test for the detection andidentification of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus,and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RsV) nucleic acidspurified from nasopharyngeal swab specimensobtained from patients symptomatic for viral upperrespiratory infection. The test is intended to be usedon the Verigene® SP System as an aid in thedifferential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B, andRSV infections. The test is not intended to detectInfluenza C virus.Negative results do not preclude influenza virus orRSV infection and should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or other management decisions. Itis recommended that negative results be confirmed byculture.Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus wereestablished when Influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were thepredominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. Whenother Influenza A viruses are emerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspectedbased on current clinical and epidemiologicalscreening criteria recommended by public healthauthorities, specimens should be collected withappropriate infection control precautions for novelvirulent influenza viruses and sent to state or localhealth department for testing. Viral culture should notbe attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same test on Verigene SP System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, Influenza B, RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs in sample matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplepreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated extraction of nucleic acids performedexternally on the NucliSENS EasyMAG (bioMerieux)using silica coated magnetic beads and chaotropicsalts using chemistry based on U.S. Patent 5,234,809.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated extraction of nucleic acidsperformed on the Verigene SP Processorusing silica coated magnetic beads andchaotropic salts licensing the identicalpatent chemistry.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitycontrol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal procedural quality control, external qualitycontrol solutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Amplificationmethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex RT-PCR: Target Amplification by RT-PCR isperformed on an external thermocycler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex RT-PCR: Identical reagents;performed within the added AmplificationModule on the Verigene SP Processor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M-MLV Reverse Transcriptase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipetting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipetting between the three steps is performed by theuser.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robotic pipettor added to automate fluidtransfer steps.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verigene Hybridization Test is performed in thehybridization module housed in the Processor of theVerigene® System by using single-use Test Cartridges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decisionalgorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target-specific signal intensities are compared to asignal threshold and ratioed against positive andnegative controls for a decision.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive or negative qualitative results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provides the user interface, controls the Processor,performs image analysis, and provides results.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A custom embedded software application runningunder the Micro-C/OS real-time operating system.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Architecture is the same. Additional softwareprogramming to control the Extraction andAmplification Modules.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentstorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cartridge: 2 - 8 Amplification Kit: -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cartridge and Extraction Tray: 2 - 8 C.Amplification Tray: -20 </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayPerformance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As in the cleared VRNAT (K083088).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical Limits of Detection as the clearedVRNAT.Precision/Reproducibility - Clinically andstatistically equivalent.Method Comparison - Clinically andstatistically equivalent</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics of the RVNATsp

Analytical and method comparison studies to establish the performance of the test on the Verigene SF System are described.

# A.Comparison of Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity of the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ was compared to the cleared VRNAT (K083088) by determining the Limit of Detection (LOD) of Influenza A, Influenza B, RSV A, and RSV B viruses. Strains with established titers were used for each virus. Each virus stock was serially diluted into a sample matrix (Universal Transport Media, Copan), and each concentration was tested in quadruplicate using the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ The LOD was confirmed by performing an additional 20 replicates for each strain in order to demonstrate that the virus was detected $2 9 5 \%$ of the time. The LOD for each virus was identical to the LOD observed with the same strains on the cleared VRNAT (K083088) (Table 3).

Table 3. Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limits of Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A (AWisconsin/67/05)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B (B/Florida/04/2006)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A (Strain Long)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B (B-1 Wild Type (B WV/14617/85))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 TCID50/mL</td></tr></table>

# B. Carryover and Crossover Contamination Studies

High positive samples of Influenza A, Influenza B, RSV A, and RSV B were alternated with high negative samples for al four viruses. Based on the collective data, there was no evidence of crosscontamination from any of the test steps including sample extraction, multiplex RT-PCR step, and the Verigene Hybridization Test.

. Precision/Reproducibility Studies Comparison between the RVNAT $\mathtt { s p }$ and the cleared VRNAT (K083088)

The Precision/Reproducibility Studies were performed at each of three sites. At Site 1, the Reproducibility Study was part of a larger precision study. Precision/Reproducibility Studies for the RVNATsp were conducted exactly as for the previously cleared VRNAT (Ko83088) to allow equivalency comparisons. As before, eight unique samples were created by diluting known concentrations of viral particles with Viral Transport Medium (Table 4). Since the Analytical Sensitivity of the RVNATsp was identical to the cleared VRNAT, the same strains and levels were used in the studies. Each strain was represented at 3 distinct concentrations: high negative, low positive, and moderate positive.

Table 4. Sample panel for the Precision/Reproducibility Studies.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unique Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral Strains and Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A - High Negative; Influenza B - High Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A - High Negative; RSV B - High Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A - Low Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B - Low Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A - Low Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B - Low Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A - Moderate Positive; RSV A - Moderate Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B - Moderate Positive; RSV B - Moderate Positive</td></tr></table>

The Precision Study (Site 1) tested the sample set over 12 non-consecutive days. On each test day, two operators performed the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ in duplicate for each sample (i.e., 4 sample sets per day total). In te eprducibily study pefored by sis 2 and 3, he sample et was tested n triplicate daiy y 2 operators on each of five non-consecutive days.

Performance characteristics of the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ in the Precision/Reproducibility Studies were equivalent to those for the cleared VRNAT (Table 5).

Table 5. Comparison of Precision/Reproducibility data from the new $R V N A T _ { S P }$ to the cleared VRNAT   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Agreement of &#x27;Observed Results&#x27; to &#x27;Expected Results&#x27;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>New RVnaT sp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Cleared VRNAT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AllSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ScorecI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AllSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ScorecI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tune</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3 - 98.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Itzune</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AASA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1 - 99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HRSY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5 98.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOWPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 -100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3 - 100%</td></tr></table>

Method Comparison Studies for RVNAT $\mathtt { S P }$ and the cleared VRNAT (K083088)

A sample set representig Influenza A, Influenza B, and RSV was prepared by dilutig culture positive nasopharyngeal swab samples with negative samples (Table 6).Dilutions were aimed to yield viral lad levl close  the low positive levels or each virus tye. A total   nique samples wee diuted, aliqote, and frozen.The sample set was tested at the internal sie Site )using the cleared VRNAT, and at all three sites using the RVNAT $\ S P$ for a total of $6 2 \times 4 = 2 4 8$ unique tests.

Each sample set yielded a total of 186 decisions from 62 unique samples as each test provides a decision of 'Detected' or 'Not Detected' for each of the 3 viruses, Influenza A, Influenza $\mathsf { B } _ { \mathsf { i } }$ and RSV. Of the 62 samples, 3 samples had dual infections where 2 viruses were present.

Table 6. Method Comparison Study Sample Set.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td></tr></table>

\*3 samples had 2 viruses raising the total number of positives from 62 to 65

Decisions on the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ for each site were compared to the cleared VRNAT. The Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) are provided in Tables 7 - 10. The two systems are equivalent based on the collected data.

Table 7. $R V N A T _ { S P }$ Method Comparison Data collected at Site 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>VRNAT (OId System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RVNAT sp(New System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA 100.0 %(95%CI=94.4% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA 100.0%(95%CI=96.9% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 8. RVNATsp Method Comparison Data collected at Site 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>rAll Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>VRNAT (Old System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RVNATsp(New System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA 98.5 %(95%C1=91.8% - 99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA 100.0%(95%C|=96.9% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Low positive discordant Influenza A. Repeat tests were positive and gave the expected result.

Table 9. $R V N A T _ { S P }$ Method Comparison Data collected at Site 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>VRNAT (Old System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RVNATsp(New System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA 95.4 %(95%CI=87.3% -98.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$3}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA 100.0%(95%CI=96.9% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

All discordant samples were Influenza A low positiveRepeat tests were positive and gave he expe result.

Table 10. RVNATsp Method Comparison Data - Combined data from all 3 sites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All Viruses/All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>VRNAT (Old System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RVNATsP(New System)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA 97.9 %(95%CI=94.8% -99.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA 100.0%(95%C/=99.0% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>558</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Alldiscordant samples were Influenza A low positive.Repeat tests were positive and gave the expected result.

# Conclusions Concerning Claim of Substantial Equivalence

The FDA-cleared VRNAT (Ko83088) is a multiplexed, qualitative test, based on identifying virus-specific eic acids or Inflenza A virus, Influenza B virus, and Respiratoy Syncytial Virus (RSV).Nucic acids are externally extracted and amplified from viruses and then detected within the Verigene@ System by using single-use disposable Test Cartridges.

The $R V N A T _ { S P }$ is the identical test as the cleared VRNAT with regard to sample extraction chemistry, RT-PCR amplification reagents, and assay detection methods, but it is performed on the Verigene $S P$ System, a fully automated 'sample-to-result' device. As with the Verigene System, the Verigene $s P$ System comprises two units: Reader and $\mathtt { S } P$ Processor, The $\mathsf { S P }$ Processor has the same hybridization module as the Verigene Processor plus additional modules for sample extraction and multiplex RT-PCR - steps that are performed externally on two separate instruments in the cleared VRNAT.

Assay comparison studies were performed for the RVNAT $\overset { \cdot } { s P }$ The studies included:

Analytical Sensitivity (Limits of Detection) determination of the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ The analytical sensitivities or Limits of Detection (LOD) of $R V N A T _ { S P }$ were identical to the cleared VRNAT for the Influenza A, Influenza B, RSV A, and RSV B strains tested, demonstrating that the performance characteristics of the two devices were equivalent. Carryover and Cross-contamination Studies on the RVNATsp   
0 The carryover and cross-contamination studies showed no evidence of contamination in the $R V N A T _ { S P }$   
3) Precision/Reproducibility studies on the RVNAT $\boldsymbol { s p }$ and comparison to the corresponding VRNAT studies O The Precision/Reproducibility studies performed across three clinical test sites replicated the study that was performed previously for the cleared VRNAT. Comparison of the clinical outcomes and the statistical results for the Precision/Reproducibility studies showed equivalence between the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ and the cleared VRNAT.

Method Comparison Studies on the RVNAT $s P$ (New) and VRNAT (Cleared).

In a comparison study conducted across three sites, the same set of samples was compared between the $R V N A T _ { S P }$ and the cleared VRNAT. The collective lower bound $9 5 \%$ CI for the positive and negative percent agreements was greater than $90 \%$ .Moreover, comparisons of signal intensities between the two devices showed equivalent performance across sites and across the individual tests. Collectively, the data showed that the RVNAT $\mathcal { S P }$ and the cleared VRNAT performance were equivalent.

The performance data support the claims of equivalence between the RVNATs and the cleared VRNAT. Thus, the performance characteristics in the package insert for the cleared VRNAT with respect to accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and additional attributes are applicable to the RVNATsp.

Gregory W. Shipp, M.D.   
Vice President, Medical and Regulatory Affairs Nanosphere, Inc.   
4088 Commercial Avenue   
Northbrook, IL 60062

Re: K092566 TraevicNameV®Ro ViNucc cienhV SP System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, NSU Dated: September 29, 2009 Received: September 30, 2009

Dear Dr. Shipp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours, The Sinf for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K092566

Device Name: Verigene® Respiratory Virus Nucleic Acid Test on the Verigene® SP System (RVNATSP)

Indication for Use:

The Verigene® Respiratory Virus Nucleic Acid Test on the Verigene $S P$ System $( \mathrm { R V N A T } _ { S P } )$ is a qualitative multiplex in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and identification of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids purified from nasopharyngeal swab specimens obtained from patients symptomatic for viral upper respiratory infection. The test is intended to be used on the Verigene® SP System as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B, and RSV infections. The test is not intended to detect Influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treaiment or other management decisions. It is recommended that negative test results be confirmed by culture.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza A/H3 and A/Hl were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

And/Or

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)