$$
1 . 0 9 7 9 1 9
$$

# 510(k) Summary

Page l of _l_

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Device Manufacturer: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
Contact name: Shannon Popson, Regulatory Affairs Senior Technical Specialist Fax: 916-374-3330   
Date prepared: September 11, 2009   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels Trade Name: MicroScan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Synergies plus $\mathfrak { P }$ Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels Intended Use: To determine antimicrobial agent susceptibility   
510(k) Notification: Device Modification - Evaluation of Vancomycin (K0603 12) versus S. aureus interpretive criteria $( \mathrm { S } \lesssim 2 , \mathrm { I } = 4 - 8 , \mathrm { R } \geq 1 6 )$ .   
Predicate device: MicroScan $\mathfrak { P }$ Synergies plus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan® Synergies plus Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels, utilizing both the MicroScan™® Rapid Fluorogenic Identification and Dried Overnight Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) technologies, are designed for use in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive staphylococci and enterococci.

The antimicrobial susceptibility tests are miniaturizations of the broth dilution susceptibility test that have been diluted in water and dehydrated.Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in water, buffer, or minute concentrations of broth, to concentrations bridging the range of clinical interest. Panels are rehydrated with Synergies plus® Pos Broth, after inoculation with a standardized suspension of the organism. After incubation in the WalkAway® SI System, or equivalent, for 4.5 - 18 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is read by determining the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth.

The proposed MicroScan® Synergies plus® Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with a frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document "Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", dated March 5, 2007. The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of the MicroScan Synergies plus Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel with vancomycin.

Vancomycin has been cleared for susceptibility testing via Premarket Notification submissions. The Special Premarket Notification $( 5 1 0 \{ { \bf k } \} )$ presents support of a request for a device modification, the updating of the product labeling with S. aureus interpretive criteria of $( \mathsf { S } \le 2 , \mathsf { I } = 4$ $\begin{array} { r } { - 8 , \mathrm { R } \geq 1 6 , } \end{array}$

The S. aureus data from the previously cleared vancomycin external evaluation (K0603 12) was compared to the performance of a CLSI frozen Reference panel utilizing the revised interpretative criteria $( \bar { \bf S } \le 2 , \bar { \bf I } = 4 - 8 , \mathrm { R } \ge 1 6 )$ . Challenge strains were compared to Expected Results determined prior to the evaluation. The Synergies $p \vert \bar { \boldsymbol { \mathsf { u s } } } ^ { \bar { \boldsymbol { \mathfrak { B } } } }$ Gram-Positive Panel demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Essential Agreement of $9 7 . 6 \%$ for vancomycin when compared with the frozen Reference panel.

Ms. Shannon Popson   
Regulatory Affairs Senior Technical Specialist   
Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
2040 Enterprise Blvd   
West Sacramento, CA 95691

Re: k092919 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan® Synergies plus® Gram  Positive MIC/Combo Panels with Vancomycin $( 0 . 2 5 - \dot { 6 } 4 ~ \mathrm { m c g / m I } )$ EY Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Fully automated short-term incubation cycle antimicrobial susceptibility system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, JWY Dated: August 24, 2009 Received: September 23, 2009

Dear Ms Popson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

v ovinass may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Luddi Enfole, s

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k (92919

Device Name: MicroScan Synergies plus® Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels with Vancomycin (0.25 - 64 mcg/ml)

Indication For Use:

The MicroScan® Synergies plus® Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive staphylococci and enterococci. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 4.5 - 18 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ,in WalkAway  uvalent, ad ead y heMiScn Instrumentation. Additionally, the panels may be incubated in a non- $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ incubator and the Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) portions can be read visually, according to the Package Insert.

This particular submission is for the addition of the antimicrobial vancomycin, at concentrations of 0.25 to $6 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m l } .$ , to the test panel.

The gram-positive organisms which may be used for vancomycin susceptibility testing in this panel are:

Enterococcus spp. (e.g., Enterococcus faecalis)   
Staphylococcus spp.   
Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant strains) Staphylococcus epidermidis (including methicillin-resistant strains)

Prescription Use And/Or Over the Counter Use. (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)