# D3 FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Virus Identification Kit

# Section 05, 510(k) Summary

# Applicant:

DIAGNOSTIC HYBRIDS, INC. 1055 East State Street Suite 100 Athens, OHIO 45701

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Product Realization, Management, and Marketing   
1055 East State Street   
Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300  Corporate number   
740-589-3373  Desk phone   
740-593-8437  Fax   
lollar@dhiusa.com

Date of preparation of 510(k) summary: September 14, 2009

# Device Name:

Trade name- $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Virus   
Identification Kit   
Common name - Influenza A/B virus DFA assay   
Classification name - Antisera, Cf, Influenza Virus A, B, C   
Product Code - GNW   
Regulation - 21 CFR 866.3330, Class I, Influenza virus serological reagents; Panel Microbiology (83)

Legally marketed devices to which equivalence is claimed:

$\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit (k061101)

Intended Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA (direct fluorescent antibody) Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit (D² Ultra) is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of the influenza A, influenza B, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), adenovirus, parainfluenza 1, parainfluenza 2 and parainfluenza 3 virus in respiratory specimens, by either direct detection or cell culture method, by immunofluorescence using fluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies (MAbs). It is recommended that specimens found to be negative

after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established when influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. √ If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a ${ \mathrm { B S L 3 + } }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit (k081928)

Intended Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit ( $\mathrm { \dot { D } } ^ { 3 }$ Duet RSV Kit), is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of respiratory syncytial virus, while screening for influenza A virus, influenza B virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 viral antigens, in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates or in cell culture. The assay detects viral antigens by immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A (H3N2) and influenza A (H1N1) were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A H3N2 and influenza A H1N1 were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to a state or local healtl department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Device Description:

The $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Virus Identification Kit $( \mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint A/B Kit) uses a blend (called a "L-DFA Reagent") of viral antigen-specific murine monoclonal antibodies that are directly labeled with either R-PE (influenza A virus) or fluorescein (influenza B virus) for the rapid identification of influenza A virus and influenza B virus in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

The cells to be tested are derived from respiratory specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The cells are permeabilized and stained concurrently in a liquid suspension format with the L-DFA reagent. After incubating at $3 5 \mathrm { ^ \circ C }$ to $3 7 ^ { \circ } C$ for 5-minutes, the stained cell suspensions are rinsed with 1X PBS. The rinsed cells are pelleted by centrifugation and then re-suspended with the re-suspension buffer and loaded onto a specimen slide well. The cells are examined using a fluorescence microscope. Cells infected with influenza A virus will exhibit goldenyellow fluorescence due to the PE. Cells infected with influenza B virus will exhibit apple-green fluorescence due to the FITC. Non-infected cells will exhibit red fluorescence due to the Evans Blue counter-stain. Nuclei of intact cells will exhibit orange-red fluorescence due to the propidium iodide.

# Kit Components:

1. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent, $4 . 0 \mathrm { { \cdot m l } }$ . One dropper bottle containing a mixture of PE-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against influenza A virus antigens and FITC-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against influenza B virus antigens. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evans Blue and propidium iodide as counter-stains and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.

240X PBS Concentrate, $2 5 \mathrm { - } \mathrm { m L }$ . One bottle of 40X PBS concentrate containing $4 \%$ sodium azide $( 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide after dilution to 1X using de-mineralized water).

3. Re-suspension Buffer, $6 . 0 { \cdot } \mathrm { m L }$ . One bottle of a buffered glycerol solution and EPY $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide.

4. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Antigen Control Slides, 5-slides. Five individually packaged control slides containing 2 wells with cell culture-derived positive and negative control cells. Each positive well contains cells infected with either influenza A virus, or influenza B virus. The negative wells contain non-infected cells. Each slide is intended to be stained only one time.

# Intended Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Virus Identification Kit is intended for the qualitative identification of influenza A virus and influenza B virus in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection by direct detection of immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs).

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for influenza A or influenza B virus after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza A or influenza B virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A (H3N2) and influenza A (H1N1) were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. Since influenza strains display antigenic drift and shift from year to year, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected, based on clinical and epidemiological screening criteria communicated by public health authorities, collect specimens following appropriate infection control precautions and submit to state or local health departments, for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility' is available to receive and culture specimens2 .

Technological Characteristics, Compared to Predicate Device:   

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 5.1: Characteristics of the D3 FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Kit arecompared to those of the following Diagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{3FastPointA/B Kit(Subject Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^3 Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiagnosticHybrids, Inc. device,D^{ FastPoint L-DFAInfluenza A/Influenza B VirusIdentification Kit isintended for thequalitativeidentification ofinfluenza A virusand influenza Bvirus in nasal and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiagnosticHybrids, Inc. D3UltraTM DFA (directfluorescentantibodyRespiratory VirusScreening &amp; ID Kitis intended for thequalitative detectionand identification ofthe influenza A,influenza B,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiagnosticHybrids, Inc. device, DDuet DFARSV/Respiratory VirusScreening Kit, isintended for thequalitative detectionand identification ofrespiratory syncytialvirus, while screeningfor influenza A virus,influenza B virus,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 5.1: Characteristics of the D' FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Kit arecompared to those of the following Diagnostic Hybrids (DHI) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ FastPointA/B Kit(Subject Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D^ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasopharyngealswbas andaspirates/washesspecimens frompatients with signsand symptoms ofrespiratory infectionby direct detectionofimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs).It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativefor influenza afterexamination of thedirect specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Negative results donot precludeinfluenza virusinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">respiratory syncytialvirus (RSV),adenovirus,parainfluenza 1,parainfluenza 2 andparainfluenza 3virus in respiratoryspecimens, by eitherdirect detection orcell culture method,byimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs).It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativeafter examination ofthe direct specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Negative results donot precluderespiratory virusinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">adenovirus, andparainfluenza virustypes 1, 2 and 3 viralantigens, in nasal andnasopharyngeal swabsand aspirates or in cellculture. The assaydetects viral antigens byimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs),from patients with signsand symptoms ofrespiratory infection.It is recommended thatspecimens found to benegative afterexamination of thedirect specimen resultbe confirmed by cellculture.Negative results do notpreclude influenza virusinfection and should notbe used as the sole basisfor diagnosis, treatmentor other managementdecisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Viruses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratorysyncytial virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1, parainfluenzavirus type 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal antibodies(MAbs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The L-DFA Reagentcontains 4 MAbs toinfluenza A virus,influenza B virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The RespiratoryVirus DFAScreening Reagentcontains 15 MAbs to7 different</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The RSV/RespiratoryVirus DFA ScreeningReagent contains 15MAbs to 7 differentrespiratory viruses</td></tr></table>

DHI-FastPoint Flu A-B_Sec05_510(k) Summary_09-0914

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.1: Characteristics of the D² FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Kit arecompared to those of the following Diagnostic Hybrids (DHI) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ FastPointA/B Kit(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^3 Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>respiratory viruses(influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(influenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virus type1, parainfluenza virustype 2, parainfluenzavirus type 3), plus 2MAbs to respiratorysyncytial virus.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct labeling,- using R-Phycoerythrin (R-E to label theMAbs to influenzaA virus.- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to labelinfluenza B virus,MAbs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct labeling,- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to label allMAbs withfluorescein.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct labeling,- using R-Phycoerythrin (R-PE)to label the MAbs torespiratory syncytialvirus.- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate (FITC) label all other MAbswith fluorescein.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R-Phycoerythrin-labeledMAbs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>respiratory syncytialvirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescein-labeled MAbs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>in fluenza B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virus type1, parainfluenza virustype 2, parainfluenzavirus type 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Fixative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Non-Acetone basedsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Counter-stain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propidium lodide,Evans Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evans Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evans Blue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staining patterns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A and B:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic orbright nuclear orboth. Cells appear</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A and B:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic, nuclearor both.Cytoplasmic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A and B:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic, nuclearor both. Cytoplasmicstaining is often</td></tr></table>

DHI-FastiPoint Flu A-B_Sec05_510(k) Summary_09-0914

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>compared to those of the following Diagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ FastPointA/B Kit(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>round.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red due tothe Evans Bluecounter-stain.Nuclei: Cell Nucleifluoresce orange-reddue to thePropidium Iodidecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>staining is oftenpunctate with largeinclusions whilenuclear staining isuniformly bright.RespiratorySyncytial Virus:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate with smallinclusions in thesyncytia.Parainfluenza 1, 2,3: The fluorescenceis cytoplasmic andpunctate withirregular inclusions.Types 2 and 3 causethe formation ofsyncytia.Adenovirus: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate or brightnuclear or both.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red due tothe Evans Bluecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>punctate with largeinclusions whilenuclear staining isuniformly bright.RespiratorySyncytial Virus: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate with smallinclusions in thesyncytia.Parainfluenza 1, 2, 3:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate with irregularinclusions. Types 2and 3 cause theformation of syncytia.Adenovirus: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate or brightnuclear or both.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red due tothe Evans Bluecounter-stain.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical specificity (forinfluenza A virus strains;MAbs are reactive with alllisted strains)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 influenza Astrains: Influenza AMexico/4108/2009(H1N1) from CDC*,Influenza ACalifornia/07/2009(H1N1) from CDC*,Aichi (H3N2), Mal(H1N1), Hong Kong(H3N2), Denver(HIN1), PortChalmers (H3N2),Victoria (H3N2),New Jersey (HIN1),WS (H1N1), PR(HIN1), Wisconsin(H3N2), WS(H1N1),</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 influenza Astrains: Aichi(H3N2), Mal(H1N1), Hong Kong(H3N2), Denver(H1N1), PortChalmers (H3N2),Victoria (H3N2),New Jersey (H1N1),WS (HINI),PR,(H1N1),A/NWS/33 (HIN1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 influenza A strains:Aichi (H3N2), Mal(H1N1), Hong Kong(H3N2), Denver(H1N1), Port Chalmers(H3N2), Victoria(H3N2), New Jersey(H1N1), WS (H1N1),PR (HIN1), A/NWS/33(H1N1)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 5.1:  Characteristics of the D²³ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Kit arecompared to those of the following Diagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^3 FastPointA/B KitSubject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cYanmaGntaYelowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/NWS/33 (HIN1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Analytical specificity (forInfluenza B virus strains;MAbs are reactive with alllisted strains)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 influenza Bstrains: Hong Kong,Maryland, Mass,GL, Taiwan,B/Lee/40, Russia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 influenza Bstrains: Hong Kong,Maryland, Mass,GL, Taiwan,B/Lee/40, Russia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 influenza B strains:Hong Kong, Maryland,Mass, GL, Taiwan,B/Lee/40, Russia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Analyticalspecificity(eross-reactivitystudies; variousstrains ofmicroorganismsand cell lines)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydiaspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protozoan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr></table>

\*Although the D² FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent has been shown to detect the 2009 H1N1 virus in two culture isolates, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus have not been established. The $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B DFA Reagent can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it cannot differentiate influenza subtypes.

# Analytical Performance:

# Precision/Reproducibility:

Assay precision, intra-assay variability and inter assay variability were assessed with a reproducibility panel consisting of 5 randomized panel members.

The Influenza A/B panel consisted of the following:

a. Low level influenza A (Victoria strain) infected cells.   
b. Low level influenza B (Taiwan strain) infected cells.   
C. Low level influenza A (Victoria strain) infected cells mixed with mid level influenza B (Taiwan strain) infected cells.   
d. Low level influenza B (Victoria strain) infected cells mixed with mid level influenza A (Victoria strain) infected cells.   
e. Mid level non-infected (negative) cells.

The low level is estimated to contain between 4 to $10 \%$ infected cells in the sample. The mid level is estimated to contain between 20 to 25% infected cells in the sample. Each sample contains 2.5 x10° to 3.5 x10° total cells.

Each panel was tested daily in two separate runs for 5-days by four different laboratories (40 total runs). The following results were recorded:

a. Presence or absence of golden-yellow fluorescence.   
b. Percent of cells exhibiting golden-yellow fluorescence.   
c. Presence or absence of apple-green fluorescence.   
d. Percent of cells exhibiting apple-green fluorescence.

For the L-DFA Reagent, the combined data from the four Study Sites demonstrated reproducible detection of influenza A virus by the R-PE labeled MAbs and reproducible detection of influenza B virus by the FITClabeled MAbs. The presence of influenza A virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of influenza B virus infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The absence of infected cells was reported in $9 5 \%$ (38/40) of the wells in which infected cells were not present. The total percent agreement for the $\mathbf { L }$ -DFA Reagent was $9 9 . 3 \%$ (278/280):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 5.2: Reproducibility Study Results using the L-DFA Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Site†,</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu ALowLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu BLowLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu AMidLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B LowLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu ALow Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B MidLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noinfectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i:4 to 10%infectedcells.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to30%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:20 to 30%infectedcells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/10(80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/70(97.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Agreement withExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38/40(95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278/280(99.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.1-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4-99.9%</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection

. Analytical Limit of Detections (LoDs) of the L-DFA Reagent was addressed using dilution series of infected model cells. Model cells for influenza A virus (ATCC Victoria strain), influenza B virus (ATCC Taiwan strain) were diluted with non-infected cells to produce a suspension equivalent to 1,000 infected cells per milliliter. This level theoretically yields approximately 25 infected cells per $2 5 \mathrm { - } \mu \mathrm { L }$ of suspension. This suspension was then serially diluted to a theoretical level of less than 1 cell per milliliter. (NOTE: This level was the target to begin with a low positive level. Actual starting levels vary, however, and are within 1 dilution of the 25 infected cell target level). $2 5 \mathrm { - } \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquots from each dilution level were spotted onto 10 replicate microscope slides, and then stained according to the instructions for use described in this product insert. Each cell spot was examined at $2 0 0 \mathbf { x }$ magnification. Results were reported as numbers of positive replicates for each set of 10. Analytical detection limits for each of the 8 analytes were defined as the lowest dilutions at which at least 9 out of 10 replicates were detected. LoD study results are summarized in Table 5.3 below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.3:Limit of Detections of the L-DFA Reagent           </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of replicates withpositive cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD determination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Influenza A(ATCC Victoriastrain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>50 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Influenza B(ATCC Taiwan strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>50 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5   </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr></table>

# Analytical reactivity (inclusivity)

Analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the L-DFA Reagent was evaluated using 13 influenza A virus and 7 influenza B virus strains. Low concentration infected cell suspensions (approximately $4 \%$ cells infected, 25-50 infected cells) were prepared for each viral strain. The suspensions were stained with the L-DFA Reagent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>T 5. alyil Reivi lsiyAR u i B virus strains</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Strains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected Cell Concentration(as multiples of the respectiveestablished LoD concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-DFA Reagent Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Mexico/4108/2009(HIN1) from CDC*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A California/07/2009(HIN1) from CDC*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Wisconsin/56/2005(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A WS, VR-1520 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Hong Kong, VR-544(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A New Jersey, VR-897(HIN1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A A/NWS/33 (HINI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Victoria, VR-822 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A PR, VR-95 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Port Chalmers, VR-810(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Aichi, VR-547 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Denver, VR-546 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Mal, VR-98 (HIN1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>canmaGlowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B GL/1739/54, VR-103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Taiwan/2/62, VR-295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Hong Kong/5/72, VR-823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Maryland/1/59, VR-296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Russia, VR-790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Massachusetts, VR-523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr></table>

\* Although the ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Reagent has been shown to detect the $2 0 0 9 \mathrm { H } 1 \mathrm { N } 1$ influenza virus in two culture isolates, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus have not been established. The $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B DFA Reagent can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it cannot differentiate influenza subtypes.

# Clinical Performance:

Performance of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint A/B Kit testing direct respiratory specimens were established during prospective studies at 4 geographically diverse U.S. clinical laboratories during the 2009 respiratory virus seasons (January 2009 - March 2009). All specimens used in the studies meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria represented excess, remnants of respiratory specimens that were prospectively collected from symptomatic individuals suspected of respiratory infection, and were submitted for routine care or analysis by each site, and that otherwise would have been discarded. Individual specimens were delinked from all patient identifiers and given a study sample code. All clinical sites were granted waivers of informed consent by their IRBs for this study.

Performance of the $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint A/B Kit was assessed and compared to a predetermined algorithm that used composite comparator methods. The composite comparator methods for consisted of Direct Specimen Fluorescent Antibody (DSFA) test with an FDA-cleared device and viral culture confirmation of all the negatives (as determined by the comparator DSFA test). "True" positive was defined as any sample that either tested positive by the comparator DSFA test or viral culture. "True" negative was defined as any sample that tested negative by both the comparator DSFA test and viral culture.

Prevalence of Influenza A/B viruses within this population as determined by the ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint A/B Kit direct specimen testing is noted in Table 5.5 below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.5: Influenza A/B Virus Prevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalSpecimensEvaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 1 month to 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (4.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (3.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 2 years to 12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43(11.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104 (26.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 12 years to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19(11.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 (23.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 years to 30 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(5.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (24.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31years to 40years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (12.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (12.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41years to 50 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (9.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (9.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 years to 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 6.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 years to 70 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (6.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(6.1%).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 years to 80 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (12.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(6.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81 years and above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (4.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (34.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115 (7.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213 (14.0%)</td></tr></table>

Tables 5.6 and 5.7 below show the study results of the NP wash/aspirate specimen type (Sites 1, 2, and 3 combined):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.6: Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA(negatives followed by culture with DFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>578</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>637</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.9-92.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568/571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5-99.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.7:  Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA(negatives followed by culture with DFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>628</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.2-97.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>617/617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

Tables 5.8 and 5.9 below show the study results of the NP swab specimen type (Sites 3 and 4 combined):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.8:  Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealswab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA(negatives followed by culture with DFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58           </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>624</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>632</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>690</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.2-94.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>624/625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1-100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.9: Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA(negatives followed by culture with DFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>711</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203/231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.7-92.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479/480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-100%</td></tr></table>

Overall at the four Study Sites, the performance results of the $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint LDFA Influenza A/Influenza B Virus Identification Kit, when compared to those of the comparator devices, ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra Kit, and ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet RSV Kit, demonstrate that the devices detect influenza A virus and influenza B virus antigens in a similar manner.

Mr. Ronald Lollar   
Senior Director, Product Realization, Management, and Marketing Diagnostic Hybrids Inc.   
1055 East State Street Suite 100   
Athens, OH 45701

Re: K092882 Trade/Device Name: ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/ Influenza B Virus Identification Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GNX Dated: September 14, 2009 Received: September 18, 2009

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

. Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other

Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours, Jayahtg

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k092882

Device Name:D² FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Virus Identification Kit

Indications For Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Influenza A/Influenza B Virus Identification Kit is intended for the qualitative identification of influenza A virus and influenza B virus in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection by direct detection of immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs).

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for influenza A or influenza B virus after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza A or influenza B virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performiance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A (H3N2) and influenza A (H1N1) were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. Since influenza strains display antigenic drift and shift from year to year, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected, based on clinical and epidemiological screening criteria communicated by public health authorities, collect specimens following appropriate infection control precautions and submit to state or local health departments; for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility' is available to receive and culture specimens2 .

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Uhe Schre Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Page 1 of _1_ Evaluation and Safety www.cdc.gov 510(k) k092882 2