# 1092500

# ATTACHMENT 9

ProFlu+ Special 510(k) Submission

# 510(k) SUMMARY

August 13, 2009

# CONTACT

Kristine Schraufnagel   
Prodesse, Inc.   
W229 N1870 Westwood Dr.   
Waukesha, WI 53186   
Phone: 262-446-0700 ext. 109   
Fax: 262-446-0600   
Email: kschraufnagcl@prodesse.com

# NAME OF DEVICE

Trade Name: ProFlu+ Assay   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980   
Classification Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assav

PREDICATE DEVICE K081030 - ProFlu+ Assay, Prodesse, Inc. K091667 - D-Tag Respiratory Virus Panel, Luminex Molecular Diagnostics. Inc.

# INTENDED USE

The ProFlu+TM Assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection and discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test is intended for use to aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect Influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza or RSV virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that negative RSV results be confirmed by culture.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established whcn Influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

# ATTACHMENT 9

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

The ProFlu+ Assay enables detection and differentiation of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) (Types A and B), and Internal Control. Nasopharyngeal swab specimens are collected from symptomatic patients using a polyester, rayon or nylon tipped swab and place into viral transport medium.

An Internal Control (IC) is added to each sample prior to nucleic acid isolation to monitor for inhibitors present in the specimens. The isolation and purification of the nucleic acids is performed using cither a MagNA Pure LC Instrument (Roche) and the MagNA Pure Total Nucleic Acid Isolation Kit (Roche) or a NucliSENS easyMAGTM System (bioMérieux) and the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents (bioMérieux).

The purified nucleic acids are added to ProFlu+ Supermix along with enzymes included in the ProFlu+ Detection Kit. The ProFlu+ Supermix contains oligonucleotide primers and target-specific oligonucleotide probes. The primers are complementary to highly conserved regions of genetic sequences for these respiratory viruses. The probes are dual-labeled with a reporter dye attached to the $\bar { \mathsf { \Omega } } ^ { \prime }$ -end and a quencher dye attached to the ${ \mathfrak { z } } ^ { \bullet }$ -end.

Reverse transcription of the RNA in the sample into complementary DNA (cDNA) and subsequent amplification of DNA is performed in a Cepheid SmartCycler II instrument. In this process, the probe anneals specifically to the template followed by primer extension and amplification. The ProFlu+ Assay is based on Taqman chemistry, which utilizes the $5 ^ { \circ } - 3 ^ { \prime }$ exonuclease activity of the Taq polymerase to cleave the probe thus separating the reporter dye from the quencher. This generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation from a light source. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, further increasing fluorescent signal. Thc amount of fluorescence at any given cycle is dependent on the amount of amplification products present at that time. Fluorescent intensity is monitored during each PCR cycle by the SmartCycler instrument.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

The intended use remains the same.

Nasopharyngeal swab samples can bc collected in Remel M4, M5, and M6, Copan Universal Transport Medium and Becton Dickinson Universal Viral Transport and tested using the ProFlu+ Assay.

ProFlu+ Assay is reactive to the 2009 H1N1 Influenza Virus ("Swine Flu") at a concentration near the ProFlu+ Assays' limit of detection for Influenza A for all the five culture isolates tested. In addition, the ProFlu+ Assay detected 5 confirmed clinical positive samples.

MAR 22 2010

Kristen Schraufnagel   
QA Officer   
Prodesse, Inc.   
W229 N1870 Westwood Dr. Waukesha, WI 53186

Re: k092500 Trade/Device Name: Proflu+ Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC Dated: August 13, 2009 Received: August 14, 2009

Dear Ms. Schraufnagel:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of August 20, 2009.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of our labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). Other general information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Saaoty

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Prodesse, Inc. ProFlu+ Assay Special 510(k) Submission

# Attachment 5 Indication for Use

510(k) Number (f known): K092500

Device Name: ProFlu $^ +$ Assay

Indication For Use:

The ProFlu+™ Assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR in vitrodiagnostic test or the rapid and qualitative detection and discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virs, and Respiratory Syncyial Vius (RSV)nuceicacids isolated and purifid from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test is intendcd for use to aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect Influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza or RSV virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that negative RSV results be confirmed by culture.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions or novel viulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use X And/Or (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)