# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit

# Section 05, 510(k) Summary

# Applicant:

DIAGNOSTIC HYBRIDS, INC. 1055 East State Street Suite 100 Athens, OHIO 45701

Contact Information: Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Product Realization, Management, and Marketing 1055 East State Street Suite 100 Athens, Ohio 45701 740-589-3300 - Corporate number 740-589-3373  Desk phone 740-593-8437 - Fax lollar@dhiusa.com

Date of preparation of 510(k) summary: October 5, 2009

# Device Name:

Trade name - $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit   
Common name - RSV/MPV DFA assay   
Classification name  Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay   
Product Code - OMG, LKT   
Regulation - 21 CFR 866.3980   
Regulatory Class - Class II   
Panel Microbiology (83)

Legally marketed devices to which equivalence is claimed:

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit (k061101)

Intended Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA (direct fluorescent antibody) Respiratory Virus Screening & ID Kit $( \mathsf { D } ^ { 3 } U l t r a )$ is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of the influenza A, influenza B, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), adenovirus, parainfluenza 1, parainfluenza 2 and parainfluenza 3 virus in respiratory specimens, by either direct detection or cell culture method, by immunofluorescence using fluoresceinated monoclonal antibodies (MAbs). It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established when influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.   
If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a ${ \mathrm { B S L } } 3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit (k081928)

Intended Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, D³ Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit $\mathrm { \dot { [ } D ^ { 3 } }$ Duet RSV Kit), is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of respiratory syncytial virus, while screening for influenza A virus, influenza B virus, adenovirus, and parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 viral antigens, in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates or in cell culture. The assay detects viral antigens by immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A (H3N2) and influenza A (H1N1) were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. Performance characteristics for influenza A virus detection and identification were established when influenza A H3N2 and influenza A H1N1 were the predominant influenza A strains circulating in the United States. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to a state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a ${ \tt B S L 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit (k090073)

Intended Use: The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit $( \mathrm { D } ^ { 3 } \mathrm { M P V } \mathrm { K i t } )$ , is intended for the qualitative detection and identification of human metapneumovirus (hMPV) in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes or cell culture. The assay detects hMPV antigens by immunofluorescence using a blend of three monoclonal antibodies (MAbs), from patients with signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. This assay detects but is not intended to differentiate the four recognized genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that specimens found to be negative after examination of the direct specimen results be confirmed by an FDA-cleared hMPV molecular assay.

# Device Description:

The ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit uses a blend (called a "L-DFA Reagent") of viral antigen-specific murine monoclonal antibodies that are directly labeled with either R-phycoerythin (PE) (respiratory syncytial virus) or fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) (human metapneumovirus) for the rapid identification of respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

# Kit Components:

1. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Reagent, $4 . 0 { \cdot } \mathrm { m L }$ .One dropper bottle containing a mixture of PE-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against respiratory syncytial virus antigens and FITC-labeled murine monoclonal antibodies directed against human metapneumovirus antigens. The buffered, stabilized, aqueous solution contains Evans Blue and propidium iodide as counter-stains and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.

240X PBS Concentrate, $2 5 \mathrm { - m L }$ . One bottle of 40X PBS concentrate containing $4 \%$ sodium azide $( 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide after dilution to 1X using de-mineralized water).

3. Re-suspension Buffer, $6 . 0 { \cdot } \mathrm { m L }$ . One bottle of a buffered glycerol solution and $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide.

4. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Antigen Control Slides, 5-slides. Five individually packaged control slides containing 2 wells with cell culture-derived positive and negative control cells. Each positive well contains cells infected with either respiratory syncytial virus or human metapneumovirus. The negative wells contain non-infected cells. Each slide is intended to be stained only one time.

5. $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA Specimen Slides and Coverslips, 50-slides with coverslips. Fifty pack of 3-well specimen slides.

The cells to be tested are derived from respiratory specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The cells are permeabilized and stained concurrently in a liquid suspension format with the L-DFA Reagent. After incubating at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ to $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 5-minutes, the stained cell suspensions are rinsed with 1X PBS. The rinsed cells are pelleted by centrifugation and then re-suspended with the Resuspension Buffer and loaded onto a specimen slide well. The cells are examined using a fluorescence microscope. Cells infected with RSV will exhibit golden-yellow fluorescence due to the PE. Cells infected with hMPV will exhibit apple-green fluorescence due to the FITC. Non-infected cells will exhibit red fluorescence due to the Evans Blue counter-stain. Nuclei of intact cells will exhibit orange-red fluorescence due to the propidium iodide.

# Intended Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, D3 FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit is intended for the qualitative identification of respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection by direct detection of immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs).

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for respiratory syncytial virus after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Specimens found to be negative for human metapneumovirus after examination of the direct specimen results should be confirmed by an FDA-cleared human metapneumovirus molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Technological Characteristics, Compared to Predicate Device:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>TABLE 5.1: Characteristics of the D&#x27; FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the followingDiagnostic Hybrids (DHI) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$D^{ }FastPointRSV/MPVIdentification Kit(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{3}MPV Kit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiagnosticHybrids, Inc. device,D^{ FastPoint L-DFARSV/MPVIdentification Kit isintended for thequalitativeidentification ofrespiratory syncytialvirus and humanmetapneumovirus innasal andnasopharyngealswabs andaspirates/washesspecimens frompatients with signsand symptoms ofrespiratory infectionby direct detectionofimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonal.antibodies (MAbs).It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativefor respiratorysyncytial virus afterexamination of thedirect specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Specimens found tobe negative forhumanmetapneumovirusafter examination ofthe direct specimenresults should beconfirmed by anFDA-cleared humanmetapneumovirusmolecular assay.Negative results do</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiagnosticHybrids, Inc. D3UltraTM DFA (directfluorescentantibodyRespiratory VirusScreening &amp; ID Kitis intended for thequalitative detectionand identification ofthe influenza A,influenza B,respiratory syncytialvirus (RSV),adenovirus,parainfluenza 1,parainfluenza 2 andparainfluenza 3virus in respiratoryspecimens, by eitherdirect detection orcell culture method,byimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs).It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativeafter examination ofthe direct specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Negative results donot precluderespiratory virusinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiagnosticHybrids, Inc. device,D^{ }Duet DFARSV/RespiratoryVirus Screening Kit,is intended for thequalitative detectionand identification ofrespiratory syncytialvirus, whilescreening forinfluenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus, andparainfluenza virustypes 1, 2 and 3 viralantigens, in nasaland nasopharyngealswabs and aspiratesor in cell culture.The assay detectsviral antigens byimmunofluorescenceusing monoclonalantibodies (MAbs),from patients withsigns and symptomsof respiratoryinfection.It is recommendedthat specimensfound to be negativeafter examination ofthe direct specimenresult be confirmedby cell culture.Negative results donot precludeinfluenza virus.infection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiagnosticHybrids, Inc. device,D  DFAMetapneumovirusIdentification Kit, isintended for thequalitative detectionand identification ofhumanmetapneumovirus(hMPV) in nasal andnasopharyngealswabs andaspirates/washes orcell culture. Theassay detects hMPVantigens byimmunofluorescenceusing a blend ofthree monoclonalantibodies (MAbs),from patients withsigns and symptomsof acute respiratoryinfection. Thisassay detects but isnot intended todifferentiate the fourrecognized geneticsub-lineages ofhMPV.Negative results donot preclude hMPVinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.It is recommendedthat specimens foundto be negative afterexamination of thedirect specimen</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>TABLE 5.1: Characteristics of the D³ FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the followingDiagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$D^{ FastPointRSV/MPVIdentification Kit(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>D^3 Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D3 Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{3 MPV Kt510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>not precluderespiratory virusinfection and shouldnot be used as thesole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor othermanagementdecisions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>decisions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>results be confirmedby an FDA-clearedhMPV molecularassay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>respiratory syncytialvirus,metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratorysyncytial virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratorysyncytial virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Monoclonal antibodies(MAbs)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The D³ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPVReagent contain 5MAbs to respiratorysyncytial virus (2)andmetapneumovirus(3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The RespiratoryVirus DFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TheRSV/Respiratory</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TheMetapneumovirusDFA Reagentcontains 3 MAbs tometapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Screening Reagentcontains 15 MAbs to7 differentrespiratory viruses(influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus DFAScreening Reagentcontains 15 MAbs to7 differentrespiratory viruses(influenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1, parainfluenzavirus type 2,parainfluenza virustype 3), plus 2 MAbsto respiratorysyncytial virus.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct labeling- using R-Phycoerythrin (R-PE) to label theMAbs to RSV.- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Direct labeling- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to label allMAbs withfluorescein.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct labeling- using R-Phycoerythrin (R-PE) to label theMAbs to respiratorysyncytial virus.- using fluoresceinisothiocyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct labelingusing fluoresceinisothiocyanate(FITC) to label allMAbs withfluorescein.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>TABLE 5.1: Characteristics of the D³ FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the followingDiagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^ FastPointRSV/MPVIdentification Kit(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{3}M PV Kit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(FITC) to label theMAbs tometapneumovirus.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(FITC) to label allother MAbs withfluorescein.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R-Phycoerythrin-labeledMAbs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>respiratory syncytialvirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>respiratory syncytialvirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescein-labeled MAbs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus, adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1,parainfluenza virustype 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A virus,influenza B virus,adenovirus,parainfluenza virustype 1, parainfluenzavirus type 2,parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Fixative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Non-Acetone basedsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Counter-stain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propidium lodide,Evans Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evans Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evans Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evans Blue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staining patterns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RespiratorySyncytial Virus:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic. Cellsappear round.Metapneumovirus:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate. Cellsappear round.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red due tothe Evans Bluecounter-stain.Nuclei: Cell Nucleifluoresce orange-reddue to thePropidium Iodidecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A and B:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic, nuclearor both.Cytoplasmicstaining is oftenpunctate with largeinclusions whilenuclear staining isuniformly bright.RespiratorySyncytial Virus:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate with smallinclusions in thesyncytia.Parainfluenza 1, 2,3: The fluorescenceis cytoplasmic andpunctate withirregular inclusions.Types 2 and 3 causethe formation ofsyncytia.Adenovirus: The</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A andB: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic,nuclear or both.Cytoplasmicstaining is oftenpunctate with largeinclusions whilenuclear staining isuniformly bright.RespiratorySyncytial Virus:The fluorescenceis cytoplasmic andpunctate withsmall inclusions inthe syncytia.Parainfluenza 1,2, 3: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate withirregularinclusions. Types2 and 3 cause the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metapneumovirus:The fluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate with smallinclusions in thesyncytia.Negative: Entirecell fluoresce reddue to the EvansBlue counter-stain.\-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>TABLE 5.1: Characteristics of the D³ FastPoint L-DFA Kit are compared to those of the followingDiagnostic Hybrids (DHl) predicate devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ FastPointRSV/MPVIdentification Kit(Subject Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Ultra Kit510(k) #k061101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{ Duet RSV Kit510(k) # k081928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D^{3MPV Kit510(k) # k090073</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate or brightnuclear or both.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red due tothe Evans Bluecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>formation ofsyncytia.Adenovirus: Thefluorescence iscytoplasmic andpunctate or brightnuclear or both.Negative: Cellsfluoresce red dueto the Evans Bluecounter-stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Analyticalspecificity(cross-reactivitystudies; variousstrains ofmicroorganismsand cell lines)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Device Reagents are not reactive with these numbers of microorganisms.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydiaspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protozoan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance:

# Precision/Reproducibility:

Assay precision, intra-assay variability and inter assay variability were assessed with a reproducibility panel consisting of 5 randomized panel members.

The RSV/hMPV panel consisted of the following:

a. Low level RSV (Washington strain) infected cells.   
b. Low level hMPV (A1 subtype) infected cells.   
c. Low level RSV (Washington strain) infected cells mixed with mid level hMPV (A1 subtype) infected cells.   
d. Low level hMPV (A1 subtype) infected cells mixed with mid level RSV (Washington strain) infected cells.   
e. Mid level non-infected (negative) cells.

The low level is estimated to contain between 4 to $10 \%$ infected cells in the sample. The mid level is estimated to contain between 20 to $2 5 \%$ infected cells in the sample. Each sample contains 2.5 x10° to 3.5 x10° total cells.

Each panel was tested daily in two separate runs for 5-days by four different laboratories (40 total runs). The following results were recorded:

a. Presence or absence of golden-yellow fluorescence.   
b. Percent of cells exhibiting golden-yellow fluorescence.   
C. Presence or absence of apple-green fluorescence.   
d. Percent of cells exhibiting apple-green fluorescence.

For the L-DFA Reagent, the combined data from the four Study Sites demonstrated reproducible detection of RSV by the R-PE labeled MAbs and reproducible detection of hMPV by the FITC-labeled MAbs. The presence of RSV infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The presence of hMPV infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (120/120) of the wells in which the infected cells were expected. The absence of infected cells was reported in $100 \%$ (40/40) of the wells in which infected cells were not present. The total percent agreement for the L-DFA Reagent was $100 \%$ (280/280):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>TABLE 5.2: Reproducibilty Study Results using the L-DFA Reagent                                         •</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RSVLowLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>hMPVLow.Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mixed Infection</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total %Agreement1.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV MidLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPVLow Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSVLowLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPVMidLevel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noinfectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to30%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 10%infectedcells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to30%infectedcells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementwithExpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agreement withExpectedresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280/280(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 - 100%</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection:

Analytical Limit of Detections (LoDs) of the L-DFA Reagent was addressed using dilution series of infected model cells. Model cells for respiratory syncytial virus (ATCC Washington strain) and human metapneumovirus

subtype A1 (clinical strain) were diluted with non-infected cells to produce a suspension equivalent to 1,000 infected cells per milliliter. This level theoretically yields approximately 25 infected cells per $2 5 { \cdot } { \mu } \mathrm { L }$ of suspension. This suspension was then serially diluted to a theoretical level of less than 1 cell per milliliter. (NOTE: This level was the target to begin with a low positive level. Actual starting levels vary, however, and are within 1 dilution of the 25 infected cell target level). $2 5 \mathrm { - } \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquots from each dilution level were spotted onto 10 replicate microscope slides, and then stained according to the instructions for use described in this product insert. Each cell spot was examined at $2 0 0 \mathbf { x }$ magnification. Results were reported as numbers of positive replicates for each set of 10. Analytical detection limits for each of the 8 analytes were defined as the lowest dilutions at which at least 9 out of 10 replicates were detected. LoD study results are summarized in TABLE 5.3 below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 5.3: Limit of Detections of the L-DFA Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of replicates withpositive cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD determination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>RSV(ATCC Washingtonstrain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>100 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>hMPV AI(Clinical strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>100 infected cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr></table>

# Analytical reactivity (inclusivity):

Analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the L-DFA Reagent was evaluated using 3- RSV virus and 4-hMPV virus strains. Low concentration infected cell suspensions (approximately 4% cells infected, 25 to 50 infected cells) were prepared for each viral strain. The suspensions were stained with the L-DFA Reagent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TABLE 5.4:Analytical Reactivity (inclusivity) of the L-DFA Reagent on various RSV virus and hMPVvirus strains</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV and hMPV Strains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infected Cell Concentration(as multiples of the respectiveestablished LoD concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-DFA Reagent Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV 9320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Washington</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Long</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 Golden-yellow fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV AI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV BI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 Apple-green fluorescent cells</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance:

Performance of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint RSV/MPV Kit testing direct respiratory specimens were established during prospective·studies at 4 geographically diverse U.S. clinical laboratories during the 2009 respiratory virus seasons (January 2009  March 2009). All specimens used in the studies meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria represented excess, remnants of respiratory specimens that were prospectively collected from symptomatic individuals suspected of respiratory infection, and were submitted for routine care or analysis by each site, and that otherwise would have been discarded. Individual specimens were delinked from all patient identifiers and given a study sample code. All clinical sites were granted waivers of informed consent by their IRBs for this study.

Performance of the $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint RSV/MPV Kit was assessed and compared to a predetermined algorithm that used composite comparator methods. The composite comparator methods for respiratory syncytial virus consisted of Direct Specimen Fluorescent Antibody (DSFA) test with an FDA-cleared device and viral culture confirmation of al the negatives (as determined by the comparator DSFA test). For human metapneumovirus the composite comparator methods consisted of DSFA with an FDA-cleared device, and confirmation of all negative specimens (as determined by the comparator DSFA test) using a validated' hMPV real-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing analysis comparator assay. The hMPV real-time RT-PCR comparator assay targets the hMPV Nucleocapsid gene. "True"

positive was defined as any sample that either tested positive by the comparator DSFA test or viral culture, or had bi-directional sequencing data meeting pre-defined quality acceptance criteria that matched hMPV sequences deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm,nih.gov), with acceptable E-values.2 "True" negative was defined as any sample that tested negative by both the comparator DSFA test and either viral culture or the hMPV real-time RTPCR comparator assay.

Prevalence of RSV and hMPV within this population as determined by the ${ \sf D } ^ { 3 }$ E FastPoint RSV/MPV Kit direct specimen testing is noted in TABLE 5.5 below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 5.5: RSV/hMPV Prevalence*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalSpecimensEvaluated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># positive(prevalence)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0- 1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (27.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (3.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 1 month to 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154 (26.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 (7.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 2 years to 12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25(6.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (4.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 12years to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(1.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22years to 30years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31years to40years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (4.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41years to50years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51years to60years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (6.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61years to70years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (3.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (3.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71years to 80years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (6.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (25.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81 years and above</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (14.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203 (13.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77 (5.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>* There were 2 - respiratory syncytial virus + metapneumovirus co-infections detected.</td></tr></table>

TABLES 5.6 and 5.7 below show the study results of the NP wash/aspirate specimen type (Sites 1, 2, and 3 combined):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>. TABLE 5.6: Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealwash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA(negatives followed by culture with DFA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204/207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>462/463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 5.7:  Human.metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal/nasopharyngeal. wash/aspirate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator DSFA(negatives confirmed by a validated hMPVreal-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directionalsequencing analysis comparator assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHI DSFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>639</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>694</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.4-78.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>614/614</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

TABLES 5.8 and 5.9 below show the study results of the NP swab specimen type (Sites 3 and 4 combined):

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">TABLE 5.8: Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealswab</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator DSFA(negatives followed by culture with DFA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHI DSFA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">647</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">648</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">647</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">687</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.8-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">647/647</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">3TABLE 5.9: Human metapneumovirus    "i *,"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh nasal/nasopharyngealswab</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator DSFA(negatives confirimed by a validated hMPVreal-time RT-PCR followed by bi-directionalsequencing analysis comparator assay)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHI DSFA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">632</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">652</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">632</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">676</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.8-69.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">632/632</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4-100%</td></tr></table>

Overall at the four Study Sites, the performance results of the $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit, when compared to those of the comparator devices, ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ EP Ultra DFA Respiratory Virus Screening $\&$ ID Kit, $\mathrm { D } ^ { 3 }$ Duet DFA RSV/Respiratory Virus Screening Kit and $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ DFA Metapneumovirus Identification Kit demonstrate that the devices detect RSV and hMPV antigens in a similar manner.

# Food and Drug Administration 10903 New Hampshire Avenue Document Mail Center-WO66-G609 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

Mr. Ronald H. Lollar   
Senior Director Product Realization,   
Management and Marketing   
Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc   
1055 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
Re: k093233   
Trade/Device Name: $\mathsf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L- DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 3 9 8 0$ EY   
Regulation Name: Respiratory viral antigens (respiratory syncytial virus and human   
metapneumovirus)   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: OMG, LKT   
Dated: October 5, 2009   
Received: October 14, 2009

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5460. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours, lhe Sl te

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 510(k) Number (if known): k093233

# Device Name: $\mathbf { D } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit

# Indication for Use:

The Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. device, ${ \boldsymbol { \mathrm { D } } } ^ { 3 }$ FastPoint L-DFA RSV/MPV Identification Kit is intended for the qualitative identification of respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs and aspirates/washes specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection by direct detection of immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibodies (MAbs).

It is recommended that specimens found to be negative for respiratory syncytial virus after examination of the direct specimen result be confirmed by cell culture. Specimens found to be negative for human metapneumovirus after examination of the direct specimen results should be confirmed by an FDA-cleared human metapneumovirus molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

Prescription Use _X Over-The-Counter Use AND/OR (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Livision Sign-Off e S Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) k 093233