# K100433

# 510(k) Summary as Required by 21 CFR 807.92

Submitter: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 5210 Pacific Concourse Drive Los Angeles, CA 90045-6900

Contact Person: Robert C. Eusebio Director Regulatory Affairs 1584 Enterprise Blvd West Sacramento, CA 95691 (916) 374-3183

Date Prepared: May 10, 2010

Device Trade Name: IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 CMV IgM

Common Name: Cytomegalovirus serological reagents 21 CFR 866.3175

Substantial K933549 Equivalence: VIDAS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CMV IgM assay

Device Description: IMMULITE 2000 CMV IgM is a solid-phase, enzyme labeled chemiluminescent three-step immunoassay. The solid phase (bead) is coated with inactivated, purified CMV antigen (strain AD-169 from infected cell lysates). The liquid phase consists of two reagents: 1) polyclonal goat anti-human IgG antibody in buffer, and 2) alkaline phosphatase (bovine calf intestine) conjugated to polyclonal goat anti-human IgM antibody in buffer.

In the first cycle, the patient sample and polyclonal goat anti-human IgG antibody are incubated together without the bead for 30 minutes. During this time, anti-IgG antibodies block IgG present in the patient's sample.

In the second cycle, the pretreated sample and polyclonal goat anti-human IgG antibody are transferred to the second reaction tube. Anti-IgG antibodies block the remaining IgG from the patient's sample from binding to the CMV antigen on the bead. During this time, CMV IgM in the patient sample binds to CMV antigen on the bead. Unbound sample and reagent are then removed by centrifugal washes.

In the third cycle, the enzyme conjugated polyclonal goat anti-human IgM antibody is added to the second reaction tube. The enzyme conjugate binds to immobilized IgM to form the antibody sandwich complex. The unbound enzyme conjugate is removed by centrifugal washes. Finally, chemiluminescent substrate is added to the reaction tube and the signal is generated in proportion to the bound enzyme.

Intended Use: IMMULITE $\textcircled{8}$ 2000 CMV IgM is for in vitro diagnostic use with IMMULITE® 2000 Systems analyzers for the qualitative detection of IgM antibodies to cytomegalovirus (CMV) in human serum or plasma (EDTA or heparinized), as an aid in the diagnosis of current and recent CMV infection in individuals with signs and symptoms of CMV infection or clinical suspicion of CMV infection. This assay is not FDA cleared or approved for use in testing (screening) blood or plasma donors, neonatal screening, or for use at point-of-care facilities.

Performance characteristics for this assay have not been established in immunocompromised, immunosuppressed or organ transplant individuals.

# Technological Aspects:

A comparison of the device features, intended use, laboratory data and other information demonstrate that the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 CMV IgM assay is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed bioMerieux Vitek VIDAS CMV IgM assay, as summarized in the following tables.

Table 1: Comparison of IMMULITE $^ { \textregistered }$ with VIDAS $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMMULITE 2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIDAS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use withIMMULITE® 2000 Systemsanalyzers — for the qualitativedetection of IgM antibodies tocytomegalovirus (CMV) inhuman serum or plasma(EDTA or heparinized), as anaid in the diagnosis of currentand recent CMV infection inindividuals with signs andsymptoms of CMV infection orclinical suspicion of CMVinfection. This assay is notFDA cleared or approved foruse in testing (screening)blood or plasma donors,neonatal screening, or for useat point-of-care facilities.Performance characteristicsfor this assay have not beenestablished inimmunocompromised,immunosuppressed or organtransplant individuals.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic usewith a VIDAS instrument asan automated enzyme-linkedfluorescent immunoassay(ELFA) for the qualitativedetection of anti-CMV IgMantibodies in human serum. Itis intended to be used as anaid in the diagnosis ofcytomegalovirus infection. Itis not intended for use intesting (screening) blood orplasma donors.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent enzymeIgM antibody μ-captureimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-linked fluorescentimmunoassay (ELFA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture/DetectionAntigen/Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The solid phase is a beadcoated with inactivated,purified CMV antigen (strainAD-169 from infected celllysates). The conjugate ispolyclonal goat anti-humanIgM antibody conjugated toalkaline phosphatase.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Solid Phase Receptacle iscoated with CMV antigen(strain AD169). Theconjugate is comprised ofmouse monoclonal anti-human IgM antibodiesconjugated to alkalinephosphatase.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-Offs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test value = ratio of signalfrom sample to that of signalof adjustor curve parameterP1.≥1.1 Reactive0.9 to &lt; 1.1 Indeterminate&lt;0.9 Non-reactive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Value Threshold = ratioof signal from sample to set ofthresholds stored in thecomputer≥0.90 Positive≥0.70 to &lt; 0.90 Equivocal&lt;0.70 Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma(EDTA or heparinized)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Of 197 samples tested forpotential crossreactivity onerheumatoid factor (RF) sampletested reactive and one RFsample tested indeterminate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Of 62 samples tested forpotential crossreactivity, 6yielded positive results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not effected by hemolysis,lipemia or icterus at testlevels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential hemolysis, icterusand lipemia interferencesunknown as testing is notreported in package insert.</td></tr></table>

As part of the clinical study, samples from various patient populations were tested with both the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 CMV IgM assay and the VIDA $\mathbb { S } \mathbb { \otimes }$ CMV IgM assay. A total of 636 serum samples were collected at four U.S. sites and three commercial suppliers and were tested at three U.S. sites. There were 109 retrospective samples tested where the CMV $\mathsf { I g } \mathsf { M } +$ status was known. The remaining 527 samples from target enrollment groups were collected prospectively. Each sample was tested with the IMMULITE 2000 CMV IgM assay and with a commercially available CMV IgM assay (Kit A).

# Comparison for Prospective Subjects\*

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Kit A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>IMMULITE 2000CMV IgM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td></tr></table>

Positive Agreement: $4 7 . 1 \%$ (8/17, $9 5 \%$ CI: $2 3 . 0 \% - 7 2 . 2 \% )$ Negative Agreement: $9 7 . 2 \%$ (495/509, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 5 . 4 \% - 9 8 . 5 \%$ EY

Note: The terms "reactive", "nonreactive" and "indeterminate" Ind) used for IMMULITE 000 reults correspond to "positive", "negative" and equivocal" as used by other manufacturers in this contxt.

# Comparison for Retrospective Subjects

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Kit A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>IMMULITE 2000CMV IgM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr></table>

Positive Agreement: $9 7 . 8 \%$ (90/92, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 2 . 4 \% - 9 9 . 7 \% )$ Negative Agreement: $5 6 . 3 \%$ (9/16, $9 5 \%$ CI: $2 9 . 9 \% - 8 0 . 2 \%$

Precision information in the product insert for the predicate CMV IgM assay shows interassay coefficients of variation (CV) ranging from $4 . 0 \%$ to $6 . 5 \%$ for the two controls reported. The precision of the IMMULITE 2000 CMV assay as measured by total CV ranged from $5 . 1 \%$ to $2 1 . 4 \%$ for the 8 samples tested.

A comparison of the device features, intended use, laboratory data and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 CMV IgM is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed bioMerieux Vitek VIDAS CMV IgM assay.

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics c/o Mr. Robert C. Eusebio Director Regulatory Affairs 1584 Enterprise Blvd. West Sacramento, CA 95691

Rc: K100433 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 CMV IgM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3175 Regulation Name: Cytomegalovirus serological reagents. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LKQ, JIT, JJX Dated: February 09, 2010 Received: February 16, 2010

Dear Mr. Eusebio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ EY premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sinçerely yours, the Sif Rav

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K100433 Device Name: 1MMULITE@ 2000 CMV IgM

Indications for Use:

IMMULITE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2000 CMV IgM is for in vitro diagnostic use with IMMULITE $\otimes$ 2000 Systems analyzers for the qualitative detection of IgM antibodies to cytomegalovirus (CMV) in human serum or plasma (EDTA or heparinized), as an aid in the diagnosis of current and recent CMV infection in individuals with signs and symptoms of CMV infection or clinical suspicion of CMV infection. This assay is not FDA cleared or approved for use in testing (screening) blood or plasma donors, neonatal screening, or for use at point-of-care facilities.

Performance characteristics for this assay have not been established in immunocompromised, immunosuppressed or organ transplant individuals.

CMV IgM Controls are assayed, bi-level controls intended for use with the IMMULITE 2000 CMV IgM assay. They are intended as an aid in monitoring day-today assay performance.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vito Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Dviin Offi In   
Device Evaluation and Safety   
510(k)_ Division Sign-Off Page 1 of Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) k100433