K101566   
SEP 28 2010

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name:

bioMérieux, Inc.

Address:

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person:

Nancy Weaver Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

314 -731-8695   
314-731-8689   
August 06, 2009

# B.Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1640   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test   
Product Code NGZ

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-YS Caspofungin

C.Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 Yeast Fluconazole (K061945)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species. VITEK®  Yeast Caspoungin s a quantitative est intended or use with the ${ \mathsf { v } } | { \mathsf { T } } { \mathsf { E } } { \mathsf { K } } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antifungal agents. Caspofungin has been shown to be active against most strains of the following microorganisms listed below according to the FDA label for the antifungal.

Candida albicans Candida krusei Candida parapsilosis

Candida tropicalis Candida lusitaniae Candida guilliermondii

The antifungal presented in VITEK® 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK® 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MiC) microdilution methodology.

The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in 0.45% saline before being used to reydrate the antifungal medium within the card.The VITEK® 2 automatically fils, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader.The VITEK® 2 Compact has a manual flling and sealing operation. The VITEK® 2 monitors the growth of each wellin the card over a defined period of time (up to 36 hours for ysAt the completion of the incubatin cycla repor isgenerated that contains the M value with the interpretive category result for each antifungal contained on the card.

VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin demonstrated substantiall equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA. Issued Mar. 5, 2007.

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin by comparing its performance with the CLSI reference method incubated at 24 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 9 . 5 \%$ overall essential Agreement and $9 9 . 8 \%$ overall category agreement with the reference method incubated for 24 hrs. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

Ms. Nancy Weaver   
Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: K101566 Trade Name: VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ Yeast Caspofungin Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 1 6 4 0$ Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NGZ, LRG Dated: August 11, 2010 Received: August 12, 2010

Dear Ms. Weaver

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Pärt 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050. This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section

510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Fuldi

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D. Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):k101566

Device Name: VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin $( 0 . 2 5 - 4 \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m l } )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Yeast Caspofungin is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species. VITEK 2 Yeast Caspofungin is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antifungal agents. Caspofungin has been shown to be active both in vitro and in clinical infections against most strains of the following microorganisms according to the FDA label for the antifungal.

Candida albicans Candida glabrata Candida guilliermondii

Candida krusei Candida parapsilosis Candida tropicalis

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 System for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus agalactiae, S. pneumoniae and clinically significant yeast.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitre Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K0 1566