# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Device Manufacturer: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
Contact name: Elisabeth Warriner, Regulatory Technical Specialist   
Fax: 916-374-3144   
Date prepared: August 31, 2010   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels   
Trade Name: MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels   
Intended Use: To determine antimicrobial agent susceptibility   
$5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ Notification: New antimicrobial - Doripenem   
Predicate device: MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels - Ertapenem (K032706)

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels are designed for use in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-negative bacilli.

The antimicrobial susceptibility tests are miniaturizations of the broth dilution susceptibility test that have been diluted in broth and dehydrated. Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in broth to concentrations bridging the range of clinical interest. Panels are rehydrated with water after inoculation with a standardized suspension of the organism. After incubation in a non- $\mathbf { \cdot } \mathbf { C } \mathbf { O } _ { 2 }$ incubator for 16-20 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is read by determining the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth.

The proposed MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with an CLSI frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document "Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", dated August 28, 2009. The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of the MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panel with Doripenem.

The external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock Efficacy isolates and stock Challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed Dried Gram-Negative Panel by comparing its performance with a CLSI frozen Reference panel. Challenge strains were compared to Expected Results determined prior to the evaluation. The Dried Gram-Negative Panel demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Essential Agreement of $9 7 . 0 \%$ for Doripenem when compared with the frozen Reference panel.

Inoculum and instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated acceptable reproducibility and precision with Doripenem, regardless of which inoculum method (i.e., Turbidity and PromptTM), or instrument (autoSCAN® 4 and WalkAway) was used.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for Doripenem.

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. $c / 0$ Ms. Eliabeth Warriner Regulatory Technical Specialist 1584 Enterprise Blvd. West Sacramento, CA 95691

Re: K101425 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels with Doripenem $( 0 . 0 0 8 { - } 3 2 \mathrm { u g / m L } )$ EMPY Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LRG, JWY, LTT Dated: September 9, 2010 Received: September 10, 2010

Dear Ms. Warriner:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market he device, ubject to the general controls provisons f the Act.The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classifid (see above)into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject o such adital contros.Existin majo rgulatns affecng yur devic can b und in Ti 2 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at.(301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

· You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Vegaro Sincerely yours,

Director Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K 10/425

Device Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels with Doripenem (0.008 32 mcg/ml)

Indications For Use:

The MicroScan® Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-negative bacilli. After inoculation, panels are incubated for 16  20 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non-CO2 incubator, and read either visually or with MicroScan instrumentation, according to the Package Insert.

This particular submission is for the addition of the antimicrobial Doripenem at concentrations of 0.008 to $3 2 ~ \mathrm { m c g / m l }$ to the test panel.

The gram-negative organisms which may be used for Doripenem susceptibility testing in this panel are:

Acinetobacter baumanii Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae Proteus mirabilis Pseudomonas aeruginosa

Prescription Use AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety K101425   
510(k)