# K101234

# 510(k) Summary

AUG 2 5 2011

Submitter: Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. Contact: Judy Howe   
Date Prepared (original): 30-Apr-2010   
Date Revised: 26-Jul-2011

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the 'equirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ number is: K101234

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common name:   IHC laboratory test for detection of Helicobacter pylori</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:     21CFR866.3110, Immunology and Microbiology Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code:     LYR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IHC in vitro diagnostic antibody directed against H. pylori organisms and visualizedthough the application of either of two standard chromogenic secondary detection kitsto locate and bind primary antibodies bound to tissue samples. Use of either detectionsystem results in a dark brown colored precipitate at the site of specific antibodybinding.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody isdesigned to qualitatively detect the presence of Helicobacter pylori in formalin-fixed,paraffin-embedded gastric biopsy tissue via light microscopy. Immunohistochemicalstaining with this antibody product may aid in the diagnosis of Helicobacter pyloriinfection. This product should be interpreted by a qualified pathologist in conjunctionwith histological examination, relevant clinical information and proper controls.This antibody is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summary ofthe newdevices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48) is substantially equivalent to a commerciallyavailable predicate device.Ventana has evaluated the performance of VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48)by comparing it with Ventana Giemsa Staining Kit and H. pylori diagnosis obtainedfrom enrollment pathology reports for the detection of H. pylori infection in gastricbiopsy tissue for patients. The Ventana Giemsa Staining Kit is a qualitative histologicstain to differentiate leukocytes in bone marrow and other hematopoietic tissue (lymphnodes) in formalin fixed, paraffin embedded tissue and can also be used todemonstrate some microorganisms, including H. pylori.Geimsa stains all enteric bacteria blue while VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48)detects the whole H. pylori organism in situ. The characteristic helical shape andlocalization of the organisms within the crypts of the mucosa assist the clinician inmaking an accurate diagnosis of infection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-clinicalperformancedata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-clinical performance testing has been conducted to demonstrate performancecharacteristics of VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48). Results of tissue-specificity and precision testing are noted in the product package insert.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinicalperformancedata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Method Comparison study was conducted to demonstrate the percent positive andnegative agreement rates for the comparison of VENTANA anti-H. pylori (SP48)Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody with Ventana Giemsa Staining Kit for determiningthe presence of H. pylori at three independent clinical sites. A total of 294 cases wereconsidered evaluable by both assay methods and were therefore included in theanalyses of agreement rates between VENTANA anti-H. pylori (SP48) and VentanaGiemsa Staining Kit. Pooled data from all sites demonstrated positive agreement in</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">136/139 human gastric biopsy tissue samples and negative agreement in 153/155human gastric biopsy tissue samples between VENTANA anti-H. pylori (SP48) andVentana Giemsa Staining Kit. Pooled data from all sites demonstrated positiveagreement in 138/151 human gastric biopsy tissue samples, and positive and negativeagreement in 144/145 human gastric biopsy tissue samples between VENTANA anti-H. pylori (SP48) and the H. pylori diagnosis obtained from enrollment pathologyreports.Thus equivalent performance between Ventana's investigational product, VENTANAanti-H. pylori (SP48), and the comparator, Ventana Giemsa Staining Kit, wasdemonstrated by percent positive and negative agreement rates for VENTANA anti-H.pylori (SP48) relative to Ventana Giemsa Stain at 97.8% and 98.7%, respectively.Background acceptability rates were evaluated because the presence of highbackground staining could potentially interfere with interpretation of the assay. Pooleddata from all sites demonstrated a slide staining acceptability rate for slide backgroundin 298/299 human gastric biopsy tissue samples stained with VENTANA anti-H. pylori(SP48).Morphology acceptability rates were evaluated because poor morphology of thetissue/organisms could potentially interfere with the interpretation of the assay. Pooleddata from all sites demonstrated a slide staining acceptability rate for slide tissuemorphology in 298/299 human gastric biopsy tissue samples stained with VENTANAanti-H. pylori (SP48).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Comparison OF VentanA anti-HelicobacteR PyLoRi (SP48) RabBit Monoclonal Primary AntibodyTO PredicaTE Device, PyLO-PLUS, K052708</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PARAMETER</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PROPOSED DEVICE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProPriETARyNAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PyLO-PLUS, K052708</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENTANA ANTI-HELICOBACTER PYLORI (SP48)Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDACLASSIFICATION</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLaSS I, NON-eXEMPT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLASS I, NON-EXEMPT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTeNDED USE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pylo-Plus iS IntendeD forQUALITATIVE DETECTION OF THEUREASE ENZYME IN GASTRIC MUCOSALBIOPSY SPECIMENS AND FOR THEPRESUMPTIVE DETERMINATION OFHELICOBACTER PYLORI INSYMPTOMATIC ADULT PATIENTS.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ventana MediCAl Systems' VentanA anti-HELICOBACTER PYLORI (SP48) RABBITMONOCLONAL PRIMARY ANTIBODY IS DESIGNEDTO QUALITATIVELY DETECT THE PRESENCE OFHELICOBACTER PYLORI IN FORMALIN FIXED,PARAFFIN EMBEDDED GASTRIC BIOPSY TISSUE VIALIGHT MICROSCOPY. IMMUNOHISTOCHEMICALSTAINING WITH THIS ANTIBODY PRODUCT MAY AIDIN THE DIAGNOSIS OF HELICOBACTER PYLORIInfection. ThiS proDuct shoulD bEINTERPRETED BY A QUALIFIED PATHOLOGIST INCONJUNCTION WITH HISTOLOGICAL EXAMINATION,RELEVANT CLINICAL INFORMATION AND PROPERCONTROLS.This antibody is intended for in vitroDIAGNOSTIC (IVD) USE.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAMPLE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GASTRIC MUCOSAL BIOPSYSPECIMENS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FORMALIN-FIXED, PARAFFIN-EMBEDDED GASTRICBIOPSY TISSUE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ASSAY METHOD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEROLOGICAL REAGENT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IHC WITH SECONDARY DETECTION</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TARGET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UReAse EnZYME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WHOLE ORGANISM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssAy FORMAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MANUAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUTOMATED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DETECtionSYSTEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIreCT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIRECT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VISuaLIZAtIoN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTERPREtATION BY COLORIMeTRICCHANGE FROM YELLOW TO BRIGHT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTERPRETAtIoN By LIGHT MIcROSCOPY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">COMParisoN OF VENTANA Anti-HELIcobActeR PyLORI (SP48) RABBIt MonOCLonAl PrimaRY AntIBOdYTO PREDICATE DEVICE, PYLO-PLUS, KO52708</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PARAMETER</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PROPOSED DEVICE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PROPRIETARYNAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PYLO-PLUS, K052708</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VENTANA ANTI-HELICOBACTER PYLORI (SP48)Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MAGENTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">canmaGnttaYellowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTENDED USEPOPULATION</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GASTRIC BIOPSY FROM PATIENTSSUSPECTED OF HAVING H. PYLORI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GASTRIC BIOPSY FROM PATIENTS SUSPECTED OFHAVING H. PYLORI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QUALITATIVE ORQUANTITATIVE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QUALITATIVE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QUALITATIVE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CONCLUSION</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">VENTANA ANTI-HELICOBACTER PYLORI (SP48) IS SUBSTANTIALLY EQUIVALENT TO PYLO-PLUS IN RELEVANT CHARACTERISTICS AND THE PERFORMANCE DIFFERENCES WILL NOTADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY AND EFFICACY.</td></tr></table>

VENTENA Medical Systems, Inc. c/o Ms. Judy Howe   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
1910 Innovation Park Drive   
Tucson, AZ 85755

Re: K101234 Trade/Device Name: VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody Regulation Number: 21CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 3$ 110 Regulation Name: Campylobacter fetus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: OWF Dated: August 10, 2011 Received: August 15, 2011

Dear Ms. Howe:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classifed (see above) into class I (Special Controls), it may be subject to such aditnal controls.Existig maor regulations affecing your devicecan b fund in the Co Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 100.This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section

510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

fu Sincerely yours,

Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name: VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody

Indications for Use:

VENTANA anti-Helicobacter pylori (SP48) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody (VENTANA anti-H. pylori (SP48)) is designed to qualitatively detect the presence of Helicobacter pylori in formalin-fixed, parain-mbede astribiopsytissuei light microscopy. Imuoistochemical stainig withhisantioy p Hea ul pathologist in conjunction with histological examination, relevant clinical information and proper controls.

This antibody is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

DWision Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety