# 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by: MicroPhage, Inc. 2400 Trade Centre Ave Longmont, CO 80503

MAY - 5 2011

Phone number: (303) 652-5049

Fax number: (303) 652-5080

Contact: Drew Smith, PhD

Date of Preparation: April 29, 2011

Device: Trade name: KeyPathTM MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT

Common name: Bacterial Identification and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (ID/AST); KeyPath™ AST; Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA) from positive blood culture bottles test.

Type of Test: Bacteriophage amplification, Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA), qualitative

Regulation section: 866.2050 - Staphylococcal typing bacteriophage

Classification: I

Product code: OUS

Panel: 83 Microbiology

# MicroPhage KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT: 510(k) Summary

# Predicate Devices:

ces: K071026 BD GeneOhm™M StaphSR Assay K851949 Wellcome (Remel) Staphaurex® ZL30 K011710 Oxoid PBP2' Latex Agglutination (preAmendment) BBL (BD) cefoxitin $3 0 ~ \mu \ g$ Sensi-Disc (preAmendment) BBL (BD) oxacillin $1 ~ { \mu \mu }$ Sensi-Disc (preAmendment) Coagulase Test (multiple manufacturers) (preAmendment) Catalase Test (multiple manufacturers)

# Device Description:

The KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT uses lytic bacteriophage, specific for Staphylococcus aureus, as an amplification technology for detection of S. aureus and determination of methicillin resistance or susceptibility in positive blood cultures. To detect S. aureus (ID Reaction Tube), the bacteriophage infect the S. aureus (if present), replicate within the host (culminating in bacterial lysis) and over the incubation period, produce several cycles of bacteriophage amplification. In a separate Reaction Tube (RS), the Test uses cefoxitin (an oxacillin and methicillin analog) which inhibits bacteriophage amplification for susceptible organisms (MSSA) and fails to inhibit bacteriophage amplification when the organism is resistant to methicillin (MRSA). The Test then uses a self-performing immunoassay (Detector) to detect the increase in concentration of bacteriophage using antibodies specific to the Test bacteriophage, and calibrated such that at above a threshold concentration, it produces a visible signal.

# Device Intended Use:

The KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the timely identification of Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) and determination of methicillin susceptibility (MSSA) or methicillin resistance (MRSA) directly from positive blood cultures.

The Test uses bacteriophage amplification to identify the presence of S. aureus and assess the phenotypic response of the target organism to cefoxitin, an indicator of oxacillin (a methicillin analog) resistance.

The assay is performed directly on positive blood culture specimens that are determined as Gran Positive Cocci in singles (GPC) or as Gram Positive Cocci in Clusters (GPCC) by Gram stain.

The KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is performed directly on positive blood cultur peces rom B BACblood cultue ott (userobi/and lus Anaerobic/F).

The Test is indicated for use in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical data available to the physician as an aid in the detection of MRSA/MSSA from positive blood cultures.

Subculturing of positive blood cultures is necessary for additional susceptibility test determinations, differentiation o mixed growth and for epidemiological typing.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is substantially equivalent to the BD GeneOhmTM StaphSR Assay (510(k)# K071026). Both assays are indicated for the identification/detection of S. aureus from blood culture positives and both are indicated for determination/detection of MRSA. Though each use different technologies (bacteriophage amplification vs. RT  PCR), and the MicroPhage Test is phenotypic as opposed to genotypic, both perform with high sensitivity and specificity to their intended targets. Table 1 summarizes the major similarities and differences between these two methods.

Table 1  Similarities and Differences between the KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT and the BD GeneOhm™ StaphSR assay.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>SIMILARITIESItem           KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT               BD GeneOhmrMStaphSR Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BTis a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the timelyidentification of Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) anddetermination of methicillin susceptibility (MSSA) ormethicillin resistance (MRSA) directly from positive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The BD GeneOhm™ StaphSRAssay is a qualitative in vitrodiagnostic test for the rapiddetection of Staphylococcusaureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA) directly from positiveblood culture.The assay utilizes polymerase chainreaction (PCR) for the amplificationof specific targets and fluorogenictarget-specific hybridization probesfor the real-time detection of theamplified DNA.The assay is performed on grampositive cocci, identified by Gramstain, from positive bloodcultures. The BD GeneOhm™StaphSR Assay is not intended tomonitor treatment for MRSA/SAinfections. Subculturing of positiveblood cultures is necessary forfurther susceptibility testing.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blood cultures.The Test uses bacteriophage amplification to identify thepresence of S. aureus and assess the phenotypic responseof the target organism to cefoxitin, an indicator ofoxacillin (a methicillin analog) resistance.The assay is performed directly on positive bloodculture specimens that are determined as GramPositive Cocci in singles (GPC) or as Gram PositiveCocci in Clusters (GPCC) by Gram stain.The KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BTis performed directly on positive blood culture specimensfrom BD BACTEC blood culture bottles (PlusAerobic/F and Plus Anaerobic/F).The Test is indicated for use in conjunction with otherlaboratory and clinical data available to the physician asan aid in the detection of MRSA/MSSA from positiveblood cultures.Subculturing of positive blood cultures is necessary foradditional susceptibility test determinations,differentiation of mixed growth and for epidemiologicaltyping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretationof results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patientpopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive blood culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive blood culture</td></tr></table>

# MicroPhage KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td>Assay controls</td><td>Pos Control 1: MRSA</td><td>Pos Control: MRSA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>Pos Control 2: MSSA</td><td>Pos Control: SA</td></tr><tr><td>Neg Control: NSA</td><td>Neg Control: NSA</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">DISSIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>KeyPath MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT</td><td>BD GeneOhm TM StaphSR Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Time to result</td><td>5 hours</td><td>60-75 minutes</td></tr><tr><td>Mode of action</td><td>The test uses bacteriophage amplification with cefoxitin to quickly determine the presence of MRSA and MSSA in positive blood cultures.</td><td>The assay utilizes polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of specific targets and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization probes for the real-time detection of the amplified DNA.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Assay format</td><td>Amplification: bacteriophage amplification Detection: Lateral flow immunoassay with</td><td>Amplification: polymerase chain reaction (PCR)</td></tr><tr><td>colloidal gold particles with monoclonal antibodies specific to assay bacteriophage.</td><td>Detection: Fluorogenic target-specific hybridization probes of</td></tr></table>

\*Bolded and underlined portions indicates similarities of intended use.

The KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is substantially equivalent to combined Coagulase and Catalase Test (both pre-amendment). Both Coag/Cat and MicroPhage Tests are indicated for the identification or detection of S. aureus and are phenotypic tests. Table 2 summarizes the major similarities and differences between these two methods.

# Page 4 of 12

Table 2  Similarities and Differences between the KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT and the Coagulase Tube and Catalase Slide Tests.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagulase Tube, CatalaseSlide Tests(pre-amendment)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The KeyPath MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test BT is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for thetimely identification of Staphylococcus aureus (S.aureus) and determination of methicillinsusceptibility (MSSA) or methicillin resistance(MRSA) directly from positive blood cultures.The Test uses bacteriophage amplification toidentify the presence of S. aureus and assess thephenotypic response of the target organism tocefoxitin, an indicator of oxacillin (a methicillinanalog) resistance.The assay is performed directly on positive blood</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>The Coagulase Tube and Catalase SlideTests (multiple manufacturers) arequalitative in vitro diagnostic test for theidentification of Staphylococcusaureus (SA) directly from isolatedcolonies from a positive blood culture.&quot;Positive&quot; results for both catalase andcoagulase are indicative of S. aureus.The assays contain rabbit serum withEDTA for Coagulase Test and peroxide(H2O2) for Catalase Test substrateswhich will react with coagulase andcatalase enzymes expressed by S.aureus. A clumping of rabbit serumconfirms the presence of coagulase andproduction of O2 bubbles confirms thepresence of catalase (i.e. both resultsindicating presence of S. aureus).The assay is performed on grampositive cocci which have beenisolated by streaking on cultureplates, identified by Gram stain, frompositive blood cultures.Further subculturing of positive bloodcultures are necessary for susceptibilitytesting.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>culture specimens that are determined as GramPositive Cocci in singles (GPC) or as GramPositive Cocci in Clusters (GPCC) by Gram</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stain.The KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test -BT is performed directly on positive blood culturespecimens from BD BACTEC™M blood culturebottles (Plus Aerobic/F and Plus Anaerobic/F).The Test is indicated for use in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical data available to thephysician as an aid in the detection ofMRSA/MSSA from positive blood cultures.Subculturing of positive blood cultures is necessaryfor additional susceptibility test determinations,differentiation of mixed growth and forepidemiological typing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretationof results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patientpopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td></tr></table>

Table 2  Similarities and Differences between the KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT and Coagulase/Catalase Tests for S. aureus determination.

Page 5 of 12   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DISSIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath ™ MRSA/MSSA Blood CultureTest - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagulase Tube, CatalaseSlide Tests(pre-amendment)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive blood culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overnight purified plate culture (i.e. isolatedcolonies) originating from a Positive blood</td></tr></table>

# MicroPhage KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DISSIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood CultureTest - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagulase Tube, CatalaseSlide Tests(pre-amendment)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Catalase: 5 minutesCoagulase: 4-24 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test uses bacteriophage amplification withcefoxitin to quickly determine the presence ofMRSA and MSSA in positive blood cultures.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assays contain rabbit serum with EDTAfor the Coagulase Test and peroxide (H2Oz)for the Catalase Test, substrates which willreact with coagulase and catalase enzymesexpressed by S. aureus. A clumping of rabbitserum confirms the presence of coagulase andproduction of O bubbles confirms thepresence of catalase. Both results indicate thepresence of S. aureus.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: bacteriophage amplificationDetection: Lateral flow immunoassay withcolloidal gold particles with monoclonalantibodies specific to assay bacteriophage.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: noneDetection: Clumping of coagulase substrateand O gas production (i.e. bubbles) ofcatalase substrate when metabolized by therespective enzymes.</td></tr></table>

\*Bolded and underlined portions indicates similarities of intended use.

The KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is substantially equivalent to Remel Staphaurex® (510(k)# K851949). Both assays are indicated for the identification or detection of S. aureus and are phenotypic tests. Additionally, both use antibody-based detection methods (lateral flow immunoassay vs. latex agglutination). Table 3 summarizes the major similarities and differences between these two methods.

Table 3 - Similarities and Differences between the KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT and Wellcome (Remel) Staphaurex® for S. aureus determination.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>SIMILARITIESItem           KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT             Remel Staphaurex</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>The KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT is aqualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the timelyidentification of Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) and</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Staphaurex® is a rapid slideagglutination procedure fordifferentiating staphylococciwhich possess clumping factorand/or protein A, particularlyStaphylococcus aureus, fromstaphylococci which possessneither of these factors.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>determination of methicillin susceptibility (MSSA) ormethicillin resistance (MRSA) directly from positive bloodcultures.The Test uses bacteriophage amplification to identify thepresence of S. aureus and assess the phenotypic response ofthe target organism to cefoxitin, an indicator of oxacillin (amethicillin analog) resistance.The assay is performed directly on positive blood culturespecimens that are determined as Gram Positive Cocci insingles (GPC) or as Gram Positive Cocci in Clusters(GPCC) by Gram stain.The KeyPath ™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT isperformed directly on positive blood culture specimensfrom BD BACTEC™M blood culture bottles (Plus Aerobic/F</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

MicroPhage KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT: 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath T MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel Staphaurex</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>and Plus Anaerobic/F).The Test is indicated for use in conjunction with otherlaboratory and clinical data available to the physician as anaid in the detection of MRSA/MSSA from positive bloodcultures.Subculturing of positive blood cultures is necessary foradditional susceptibility test determinations, differentiationof mixed growth and for epidemiological typing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretationof results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patientpopulations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assaycontrols</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control 1: MRSAPos Control 2: MSSANeg Control: NSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control: SANeg Control: NSA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DISSIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath ™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel Staphaurex</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive blood culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overnight Purified Culture(16-24hr)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 15 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test uses bacteriophage amplification withcefoxitin to quickly determine the presence ofMRSA and MSSA in positive blood cultures.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test detects the presence of clumpingfactor and protein A using coated latexparticles which agglutinate in a rapidslide procedure.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: bacteriophage amplificationDetection: Lateral flow immunoassay withcolloidal gold particles with monoclonalantibodies specific to assay bacteriophage.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: noneDetection: Agglutination of latexparticles.</td></tr></table>

\*Bolded and underlined portions indicates similarities of intended use.

The KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is substantially equivalent to the Oxoid PBP2' Latex Agglutination test (510(k)# K011710). Both assays are indicated for the determination or identification of MRSA by surrogate markers (bacteriophage amplification vs. penicillin binding protein 2'). Additionally, both use antibody-based detection methods (lateral flow immunoassay vs. latex agglutination) and are phenotypic tests. Table 4 summarizes the major similarities and differences between these two methods.

Table 4 - Similarities and Differences between the KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT and Oxoid PBP2' Latex Agglutination for MRSA determination.

Page 7 of 12   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxoid PBP2&#x27; LatexAgglutination Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The KeyPath ™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT is</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This test is a rapid latex</td></tr></table>

MicroPhage KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT: 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath MRSA/MSSA. Blood Culture Test - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxoid PBP2&#x27; LatexAgglutination Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the timelyidentification of Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) anddetermination of methicillin susceptibility (MSSA) ormethicillin resistance (MRSA) directly from positiveblood cultures.The Test uses bacteriophage amplification to identify thepresence of S. aureus and assess the phenotypic responseof the target organism to cefoxitin, an indicator of oxacillin(a methicillin analog) resistance.The assay is performed directly on positive blood culturespecimens that are determined as Gram Positive Cocci insingles (GPC) or as Gram Positive Cocci in Clusters(GPCC) by Gram stain.The KeyPathTM MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT isperformed directly on positive blood culture specimensfrom BD BACTEC™M blood culture bottles (PlusAerobic/F and Plus Anaerobic/F).The Test is indicated for use in conjunction with otherlaboratory and clinical data available to the physician as anaid in the detection of MRSA/MSSA from positive bloodcultures.Subculturing of positive blood cultures is necessary foradditional susceptibility test determinations, differentiationof mixed growth and for epidemiological typing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agglutination assay, detectingPBP2&#x27; (also called PBP2a), inisolates of Staphylococcus, as anaid in identifying methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(MRSA) and methicillin-resistantcoagulase-negative staphylococci.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretationof results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patientpopulations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control 1: MRSAPos Control 2: MSSANeg Control: NSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control: MRSANeg Control: NSA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Page 8 of 12   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DISSIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test -BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxoid PBP2&#x27; Latex AgglutinationTest</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive blood culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overnight Purified Culture (16 - 24hrs)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test uses bacteriophage amplification withcefoxitin to determine the presence of MRSA andMSSA in positive blood cultures.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex particles sensitized with amonoclonal antibody against PBP2&#x27;specifically react with methicillin-resistant staphylococci to causeagglutination visible to the unaidedeye.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: bacteriophage amplificationDetection: lateral flow immunoassay with</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: none</td></tr></table>

Microhage KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT: 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DISSIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test -BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxoid PBP2&#x27; Latex AgglutinationTest</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>colloidal gold particles with monoclonalantibodies specific to assay bacteriophage.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection:Agglutination of latex particles</td></tr></table>

\*Bolded and underlined portions indicates similarities of intended use.

The KeyPathTM MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is substantially equivalent to the BD BBL $3 0 ~ \mu \ g$ cefoxitin Sensi-Disc and BD BBL $1 \mu \ g$ oxacillin Sensi-Disc (both pre-Amendment devices). All three assays are indicated for the phenotypic determination of MRSA and MSSA. Additionally, all use a viable culture of bacteria (e., S. aureus) to guide interpretation of results, though the MicroPhage Test does not require a subculture of the isolate. All methods produce highly sensitive and specific results for their indicated determinations with low rates of major and very major discrepancies. Table 5 summarizes the major similarities and differences between these two methods.

Table 5 - Similarities and Differences between the KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT, the BD BBL $3 0 ~ \mu \xi$ cefoxitin Sensi-Disc, and the BD BBL $1 ~ { \mu } \mathbf { g }$ oxacillin Sensi-Disc for MRSA/MSSA breakpoint determinations.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath ™ MRSA/MSSA Blood CultureTest - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BBL cefoxitin30 μg Sensi-disc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BBL oxacillin1 μg Sensi-disc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The KeyPath  MRSA/MSSA BloodCulture Test — BT is a qualitative in vitrodiagnostic test for the timely identificationof Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) anddetermination of methicillinsusceptibility (MSSA) or methicillinresistance (MRSA) directly from positiveblood cultures.The Test uses bacteriophage amplificationto identify the presence of S. aureus andassess the phenotypic response of the targetorganism to cefoxitin, an indicator ofoxacillin (a methicillin analog) resistance.The assay is performed directly on positiveblood culture specimens that aredetermined as Gram Positive Cocci insingles (GPC) or as Gram Positive Cocci inClusters (GPCC) by Gram stain.The KeyPath™M MRSA/MSSA BloodCulture Test  BT is performed directly onpositive blood culture specimens from BDBACTEC™ blood culture bottles (PlusAerobic/F and Plus Anaerobic/F).The Test is indicated for use in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinical dataavailable to the physician as an aid in thedetection of MRSA/MSSA from positiveblood cultures.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>These discs are used forsemi-quantitative invitro susceptibility</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>These discs are used forsemi-quantitative invitro susceptibilitytesting by the agar discdiffusion test procedureof common, rapidlygrowing and certainfastidious bacterialpathogens.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>testing by the agar discdiffusion test procedureof common, rapidlygrowing and certainfastidious bacterialpathogens.</td></tr></table>

MicroPhage KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT: 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SIMILARITIES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPathMRSA/MSSA Blood CultureTest - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BBL cefoxitin30 μg Sensi-disc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BBL oxacillin1 μg Sensi-disc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subculturing of positive blood cultures isnecessary for additional susceptibility testdeterminations, differentiation of mixedgrowth and for epidemiological typing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation of results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patientpopulations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical patients</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assaycontrols</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control 1: MRSAPos Control 2: MSSANeg Control: NSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control: MRSANeg Control: MSSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control: MRSANeg Control: MSSA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>DISSIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KeyPath MRSA/MSSA BloodCulture Test - BT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BBL cefoxitin 30 μgSensi-disc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BBL oxacillin1 μg Sensi-disc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive blood culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overnight Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overnight Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-24 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-24 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test uses bacteriophageamplification with cefoxitin toquickly determine the presence ofMRSA and MSSA in positive bloodcultures.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diffusion of antibioticinto lawn of S. aureus.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diffusion of antibioticinto lawn of S. aureus.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: bacteriophageamplificationDetection: lateral flow immunoassaywith colloidal gold particles withmonoclonal antibodies specific toassay bacteriophage.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: noneDetection:Visual interpretation ofzone of inhibition.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: noneDetection:Visual interpretation ofzone of inhibition.!</td></tr></table>

\*Bolded and underlined portions indicates similarities of intended use.

# Clinical Comparison Study

MicroPhage conducted a prospective clinical trial on the KeyPathTM MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture test  BT to assess the performance characteristics across four clinical sites against culture and predicate methods.

Subjcts included individuals with positive blood cultures on a BACTEC™blood culture system (9000 series or F/X). Samples were included if they were from subjects 18 years of age or older and the sample was tested on the KeyPath™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT ors  pive etio  ys  lariq blood culture were used to perform a standard culture identification for S. aureus (Catalase positive, Tube Coagulase positive, Remel Staphaurex® positive)and antimicrobial susceptibility determination $3 0 \mu \ g$ cefoxitin disk diffusion) in accordance with CLSI M100-S19.

There were a total of 1116 (366 S. aureus) paired samples tested for MRSA/MSSA by the KeyPath MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT and the standard methods across al study sites.

Sensitivity and specificity of the MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT vs. the standard method for detection of S. aureus were $9 1 . 8 \%$ and $9 8 . 3 \%$ respectively. The positive predictive value was $9 6 . 3 \%$ , and the negative predictive value was $9 6 . 1 \%$ .

For samples determined to be S. aureus, category agreement with the cefoxitin disk diffusion test was $9 8 . 9 \%$ for determination of methicillin resistance, and $9 9 . 4 \%$ for determination of methicillin susceptibility.

The initial invalid rate was $0 . 3 \%$ , and all invalids were resolved upon retest.

No significant differences in performance were observed across sites, or between blood culture bottle types.

No siian ect was observe in the perrmanc f the KeyPath Test in the prec absence of antibiotic or antiviral treatments.

# Non-clinical Studies

Reprucibiliy  The KeyPath Test was found  e $9 9 . 4 \%$ reproducible in 48 uns t e sites (2 operators per site) over 6 days, when tested against 2 MRSA, 2 MSSA and 1 S. epidermidis strains.

Inclusivity  A panel of $1 1 4 S .$ aureus strains representing the phylogenetic diversity of S. aureus was tested in duplicate with the KeyPath Test.The panel included representative 17 clonal complexes and 46 multilocus sequence types. The sensitivity for detection of S. aureus was $9 1 . 8 \%$ Category agreement was $9 9 \%$ for determination of methicillin-resistance and $100 \%$ EY for determination of methicillin-susceptibility.

Interfering substances  The KeyPath™ Test showed no interference when tested against lipemic, icteric and hemolytic blood samples. A panel of 5 antibiotics, 3 analgesics, an antiviral and an anticoagulant was tested and showed no interference. The immunoassay component (the Detector) was tested against a panel of 20 RF-positive, HAMA-positive and heterophilic antibody sera and showed no cross-reaction to any. The Detector was also tested against a panel of 32 human viruses and showed no cross-reaction.

Mculu RA coul  aby  y  aT i comprised of ${ \sim } 9 0 \%$ (or greater) Gram negative rods and bacilli, Gram positive cocci in clusters (not S. aureus) and Gram positive rods.

Analytical specificity  A panel of 163 isolates comprised of 33 Gram-negative isolates (29 species), 58 Gram-positive not Staphylococci (49 species), 5 coagulase-positive Staphylococci (5 species), 60 coagulase-negative Staphylococci (9 species) and 7 yeast (7 species) was tested and showed $9 8 . 8 \%$ specificity.

Evaluation of SCCmec Empty Cassette Variants  A panel of 28 strains determined to be mecApositive (MRSA) by commercial and laboratory PCR tests but MSSA by phenotypic culture SA

We conclude that the performance of the KeyPathTM MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test  BT is substantially equivalent to:

Coagulase/catalase and Staphaurex® Test for detection of S.aureus from positive BACTEC™ blood cultures,   
) BD BBL Cefoxitin $3 0 \mu \ g$ and BD BBL Oxacillin $1 \mu \ g$ Sensi-disc Tests for determination of MRSA and MSSA from S. aureus positive Bactec™M blood cultures,   
3) Oxoid PBP2' Latex Agglutination Test for determination of MRSA from S. aureus positive BactecTM blood cultures, and   
4) BD GeneOhm™M StaphSR Assay for determination of S. aureus and MRSA from positive blood cultures.

MicroPhage, Inc. c/o Drew Smith, Ph. D. Chief Science Officer 2400 Trade Centre Avenue Longmont, Colorado 80503

Re: k102342 Trade/Device Name: MicroPhage MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test-BT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2050 Regulation Name: Staphylococcal typing bacteriophage Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: OUS Dated: May 3, 2011 Received: May 3, 2011

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may; therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, te Sf

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number: Device Name:

# Indications for Use Statement

The KeyPath ™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the timely identification of Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) and determination of methicillin susceptibility (MSSA) or methicillin resistance (MRSA) directly from positive blood cultures.

The Test uses bacteriophage amplification to identify the presence of S. aureus and assess the phenotypic response of the target organism to cefoxitin, an indicator of oxacillin (a methicillin analog) resistance.

The assay is performed directly on positive blood culture specimens that are determined as Gram Positive Cocci in singles (GPC) or as Gram Positive Cocci in Clusters (GPCC) by Gram stain.

The KeyPath ™ MRSA/MSSA Blood Culture Test - BT is performed directly on positive blood culture specimens from BD BACTEC ™ blood culture bottles (Plus Aerobic/F and Plus Anaerobic/F).

The Test is indicated for use in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical data available to the physician as an aid in the detection of MRSA/MSSA from positive blood cultures.

Subculturing of positive blood cultures is necessary for additional susceptibility test determinations, dfferentiation of mixed growth and for epidemiological typing.