# K103673

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Contact Information

Donna T. Link   
Director QA, RA and Compliance TECHLAB®, Inc.   
2001 Kraft Drive   
Corporate Research Center   
Blacksburg, VA 24060

Phone:540-953-1664 FAX: 540-953-1665 Email: dlink@techlab.com

AUG 18 2011

# Date Prepared

09 August 2011

Product and Trade Name GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™

Classification

21 CFR 866.3220

# Predicate Devices

• Merifluor™M Cryptosporidium / Giardia Kit   
• GIARDIA II CRYPTOSPORIDIUM II

# Intended Use

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test is a rapid membrane enzyme immunoassay for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of Giardia cyst antigen and Cryptosporidium oocyst antigen in a single test device. It is intended for use with human fecal specimens from patients with gastointestialymptomsinhediagnosGiarandoCryptosporid gastrointestinal inn. T  hou d c wit pt

# Device Description

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test is a rapid membrane immunoassay for the smultaneou detection Giardi cyst antienanCryptosporidi ocysantigenn  glest devi performed with a 25 to 30-minute total incubation time. The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M tet uses monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies to cellsurface antigens of the organisms.The device contain Reacion Window withhree vertical nesmobilize antiodes.The Giardia test Gir"cai mouse monoclonal antibodies against Giardia. The Crypto test line $( " 0 " y \ p )$ contains mouse monoclonal antibodies against Cryptosporidium. The control line $( " C " )$ is a dotted line that contains anti-horseradish peroxidase (HRP) antibodies. The Conjugate consists of polyclonal antibodies coupled to horseradish iT poe he pl ucag iu in C. Thedilute sample-conjugate mixture is aded to theSample Well and the device isallowed toncubaa roo temperature or 15 minutes.During the incubation, cyst and/or oocyst antigens in he sample bd the antody-peroxidase conjugates.The antigen-antibody-conjugate complexes migratethrough a filter pd to membrane where hey arecaptured by he mobilize Giarda andorCryptosporidm-peciiantioies the test lines.The Reaction Window is subsequently washed with Wash Buffer, followed by the addin Sustrate.After a 0minute incubation peri the reactio is examined visually for the apperanc vrical blue ne n either sideof heReaction Wiow. blue ie ndicates a positive test p "control" reaction, indicated by a vertical dotted blue line under the $" 0 "$ portion of the Reaction Window, confirms that the test is working properly and the results are valid.

Comparative Information of Equivalent Devices

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials2x-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetPopulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct detectionof Giardia cystsandCryptosporidiumoocysts in fecalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Various Stains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Personssuspected ofhaving Giardia orCryptosporidiuminfection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Merifluor™MCryptosporidium/Giardia Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K912408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct detectionof Giardia cystsandCryptosporidiumoocysts in fecalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopywith DirectFluorescentAntibody -Immuno-fluorescence(IFA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly specificantibodiesagainst GiardiaandCryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Personssuspected ofhaving Giardia orCryptosporidiuminfection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K033274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofGiardia cystantigen in fecalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly specificantibodiesagainst Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Personssuspected ofhaving Giardiainfection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRYPTOSPORIDIUM II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K052932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofCryptosporidiumoocyst antigen infecal specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly specificantibodiesagainstCryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Personssuspected ofhavingCryptosporidiuminfection</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data Clinical Performance

The performance of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test was evaluated at 3 geographically diverse sites. At Site #1 and Site #3 the performance of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test was compared to Microscopy (IFA) and included 220 fresh, 140 frozen, 216 preserved-formalin, and 215 preserved-SAF. At Site #1 and #2 the performance of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test was compared to two commercially available LAs (predicate devices for Giardia and Cryptosporidium) and included 349 fresh, 322 frozen, 36 preserved-formalin, and 142 preserved-SAF.

# Performance as compared to Microscopy (IFA) - Combined Results for Study Sites #1 and #3:

# For Giardia spp.

The following table shows a summary of the clinical performance of the Giardia portion of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M test. The results show that the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test exhibited a sensitivity of $9 8 . 9 \% .$ a specificity of $100 \%$ , and an overall correlation of $9 9 . 7 \%$ with Microscopy - IFA (considered the gold standard).

# Combined Results $\dot { }$ Clinical Performance Comparing the Giardia Line of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ Test to MicrOSCopy - IFA

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy - IFA Glardia positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy - IFA Giardia negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK TMGlardla LIne Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK TMGlardia Line Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2             I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>608</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Speciticity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 - 99.7%</td></tr></table>

# For Cryptosporidium spp.

The following table shows a summary of the clinical performance of the Cryptosporidium portion of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M test. The results show that the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test exhibited a sensitivity of $100 \%$ , a specificity of $9 9 . 8 \%$ ,and an overall correlation of $9 9 . 9 \%$ with Microscopy - IFA (considered the gold standard).

# Combined Results - Clinical Performance Comparing the Cryptosporidium Line of the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M Test to MicrosCopy - IFA

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy - IFA Crypto. positive Microscopy - IFA Crypto. neative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy - IFA Crypto. positive Microscopy - IFA Crypto. neative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK TMCryptosporidium Line Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK ™MCryptosporidium Line Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>650</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 - 100%</td></tr></table>

# Performance as Compared to Two Predicate Devices (commercially available devices for Giardia and Cryptosporidium) - Combined Results for Study Sites #1 and #2:

The combined results of our performance evaluations at Study Site #1 and #2 as compared to two commercially available ELISAs (predicate devices for Giardia and Cryptosporidium) exhibited a $9 9 . 1 \%$ EPY agreement for Giardia positive specimens, a $9 9 . 7 \%$ agreement for Giardia negative specimens, with an overall agreement of $9 9 . 5 \%$ The test exhibited a $9 9 . 2 \%$ agreement for Cryptosporidium positive specimens, $9 9 . 6 \%$ E agreement for Cryptosporidium negative specimens, and an overall agreement of $9 9 . 5 \%$ .

GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M test Giardia Line versus the Commercial ELISA for Giardia Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N =849</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial ELISAGiardia positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commerclal ELISAGlardia negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIACRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK TMGlardia Line Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK TMGiardia Line Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>632</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 - 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5 - 99.5%</td></tr></table>

# GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M test Cryptosporidium Line versus the Commercial ELISA for Cryptosporidium Detection

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 849</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial ELISA-Cryptosporidium positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial ELISA-Cryptosporidium negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK ™MCryptosporidium Line Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK TMCryptosporidium Line Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>715</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 - 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5 - 99.5%</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity f the device was determined by spikig purifi Giardia cysts orCryptospordium ss quantified by immunofluorescent antibody microscopyFA)into negative human fecal specimens. The concentrationo Giardia cysts and Cryptosporidium ocysts in fecal matrix where specimens were positive y the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK test $9 5 \%$ of the time were utilized to describe the assay limitofetection (LOD).Test results determined the LOD for the assay to be 6000 cysts/mL of feces for Grdia (equivalent to 133 cysts detected per test) and 6000oocysts/mL feces for Cryptosporidium (equivalent to 133 oocysts detected per test).Because the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK test detects soluble angen  eal see tion o cstsanocystshLO stu preent etiatl sitivity base on purifi Giardia cysts anCryptosporidu oocystsClinical specmens contain vi amounts of free antigen per Giardia cyst or Cryptosporidium oocyst.

# Cross-Reactivity

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEKTM test was evaluated for cross-reactivity with the bacterial and viral strains listed below. None of the strains were shown to cross-react with the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEKTM test.

Aeromonas hydrophila   
Bacillus cereus   
Bacillus subtilis   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Campylobacter coli   
Campylobacter fetus   
Campylobacter jejuni   
Candida albicans   
Clostridium bifermentans   
Clostridium difficile (strain 630)   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli   
Escherichia coli 0157:H7   
Escherichia coli ETEC (enterotoxic)   
Escherichia coli EPEC (enteropathogenic)   
Escherichia coli ElEC (enteroinvasive)   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Salmonella typhimurium   
Shigella dysenteriae   
Shigella flexneri   
Shigella sonnei   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan's)   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Vibrio parahaemolyticus   
Yersinia enterocolitica

Human Adenovirus 1 and 3 Adenovirus, Type 2, 5, 40 and 41 Human Coxsackievirus B2, B3, and B4

Coxsackievirus B5 Human Coronavirus Echovirus 11, 18, 33 Human Echovirus 9

Human paraechovirus 1 (Echovirus 22)   
Enterovirus 68, 69   
Human Enterovirus 70, 71   
Human rotavirus

Additionally, the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M test was run on fecal specimens doentd  e psi er prs  oo cs-ctviy ws  wth eo oganisms for either the Giardia-portion or the Cryptosporidium-portion of the test.Cross-reactivity to Astrovirus and Caliciviruses has not been established.

Ascaris lumbricoides eggs Blastocystis hominis Chilomastix mesnili Cyclospora cayetanensis

Dientamoeba fragilis   
Diphyllobothrium latum eggs   
Endolimax nana   
Entamoeba coli

Entamoeba hartmanni Entamoeba histolytica/E. dispar Hookworm eggs lodamoeba bütschlii Trichuris trichiura eggs

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES (U.S. Formulations)

The following substances had no effect on positive or negative test results analyzed at the concentrations indicated: Hog gastric mucin $( 3 . 5 \%$ w/v), Human blood $( 4 0 \% v / v )$ , Barium sulfate $( 5 \% w / v )$ , Imodium $( 5 \% v / v )$ , Kaopectate $( 5 \% v / v )$ , Pepto-Bismol $( 5 \% v / v )$ , Steric/Palmitic Acid ( $40 \%$ w/v), Metronidazole $( 0 . 2 5 \% w / v )$ . Vancomycin $( 0 . 2 5 \%$ W/v).

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A total of 22 fecal specimens were pre-characterized by commercially available predicate devices.The samples included 6 Giardia-positive specimens (3mid-range positives), 6 Cryptosporidium-positive specimens lo positives), an Gardia/Cryptosporidim-positivepecimens  which were low Giardia-positivesan 2of which were low Cryptosporidium-positives), and 6 specimens negative for both parasites.Allspecimens were coded to prevent ther ientiiation during tesgesting was perfored at 3 sThe saples w t yy  ip   kit lo anegative control was un with each panf the masked samples.The results from each laboratory we uuenty submitt tTELAB®, Inc. and copr with in-house results.The results were consn among the different locations, and exhibited a correlation of $100 \%$ The positive specimens consistently tested positive and the negative specimens consistently tested negative at all sites using the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M test.

# PRECISION - INTRA-ASSAY

Fo eeeminatio ntaassay eoa 6 ostiveal semens wo positiv r Gar positive for Cryptosporidium, two positive for both Giardia and Cryptosporidium) and six negative fecal speciens were analyzed. Each specimen was assayed on 5 cassettes. Allpositives remained positive and all negatives remained negative.

# PRECISION - INTER-ASSAY

Foatio  in-assay peoman  posiiv le postiv Gar psive or Cryptosporidium, and four positive or both Giardia and Cryptosporidum) and six negative feal specimens were assayed twice a day over a four-day period using the GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™m kit. All positives remained positive and all negatives remained negative.

TechLab, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Donna T. Link   
Director, Quality Assurance, Regulatory & Compliance 2001 Krafi Drive   
Blacksburg, VA 24060-6358

Re: K103673 Trade/Device Name: The GIARDIA/CRYTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK Regulation Number: 21 CFR§ 866.3220 Regulation Name: Qualitative membrane enzyme immunoassay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MHJ, MHI Dated: August 8, 2011 Received: August 8, 2011

Dear Ms. Link:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter

will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarkel Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, fall coton

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number: K103673

Device Name: GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™M

Indications For Use:

The GIARDIA/CRYPTOSPORIDIUM QUIK CHEK™ test is a rapid membrane enzyme immunoassay for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of Giardia cyst antigen and Cryptosporidium st antigen in a single test device. It is intended for use with human fecal specimens from patents with gastrointestinal ymptoms id inhediagnosis Gardi andorCryptosporidium gastrointestial inoTe tesul hould  cnsere n cnjuncon withh patn .

FOR IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE.

Page 1 of

Ludde le

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety