# 510(k) SUMMARY

Thisuary f o(ksafey effectivessformationsisuitnaccordance w requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

Th purpose f hSpecial 0(k) submission is omodfy theClinical Peroranceclaims f thecurren 510(k) cleared Clearview® Exact I Influenza A & B Test (K092349).

# SUBMITTER

Alere Scarborough, Inc., d/b/a Binax, Inc. 10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, Maine 04074   
(207) 730-5739 (Office)   
(207) 730-5717 (Fax)   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359

CONTACT PERSON Anne Jepson anne.jepson@alere.com (email)

ALTERNATE CONTACT PERSON Angela Drysdale angela.drysdale@alere.com (email)

DATE PREPARED December 8, 2010

TRADE NAME Clearview® Exact II Influenza A & B Test

COMMON NAME Not applicable

CLASSIFICATION NAME Antigen, Cf (including Cf Control), Influenza Virus A, B, C (per 21 CFR 866.3330)

PREDICATE DEVICE Clearview® Exact II Influenza A & B Test, K092349

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Clearview® Exact il Influenza A & B Test is an immunochromatographicmembrane assay that uses hhly sensitivemonoconal antibodies todetect influenza type A and Bnucleoproteinantigens nrespiratory swa ssThents   conto protn iliznt mae po  ree lines and are combined with other reagents/pads to construct a Test Strip.

Nasal swab samples are added to a Coated Reaction Tube to which an extraction reagent has been added.A Cleiwxac z  T S s he pac heCatein uolg e l saples rsultneprt mu basn e pecsenc pik-o coored Sample Lines.The yellow Control Line turns blue in a valid test

# INTENDED USE

The Clearviw®xact  Inluenza A&BTest isan  vinaographic assay r heualv dtectionffluenzaA n nucleoprotein antigens  asal swabspecmens colectefrom sympt pat.Itistd oneapifntil osisfzaBvils recommended that negative test results be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions.

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

TheClerviw Exact Inflenza Tesuncoratonhecal50(kfilieact same test as the currently $5 1 0 ( 1 \times )$ cleared Clearview Exact I Inluenza A &  Test. Both use lateral flow immunochromatographic technology. Both tests are rapid immunoassays that employ specific antibodies immobilized onto solid phases to capture and visualize influenza nucleoprotein antigens.

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL STUDY

Clearview® Exact I Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Viral Culture - Prospective Study Theclinical performance o the Clearviw® Exact I Infuenza A & B Test was established in  muticne ei l suyu vsure ty

Aal 78 prospectivespecimens, collected from childen (ess thanyear  age)an adults 8 years oolder), were evaluated  he Clearview Exact  Influenza A &B Test and copared  vial culte. Evaluated specimens were nasal swabs collected from patients presenting with influenza-like symptoms. Forty-four percent $( 4 4 \% )$ of the population tested was $< 5$ years of age, $31 \%$ was $5 - < 1 8$ years of age, and EPY $25 \%$ was  18 years. A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant influenza A subtypes observed during this time.

C ul $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals, is detailed below.

# Clearview® Exact II Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Culture

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>Influenza Type ACulture +    Culture-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clearview +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clearview-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>412</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>430</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $4 5 / 4 8 = 9 4 \%$ $1 9 5 \%$ CI: 83-98%) Specificity: $4 1 2 / 4 3 0 = 9 6 \%$ (95% CI: 93-97%)

Influenza Type B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clearview +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clearview -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>394</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $6 5 / 8 4 = 7 7 \%$ (95% CI: 67-85%) Specificity: $3 8 6 / 3 9 4 = 9 8 \%$ (95% Cl: 96-99%)

s -CyT hp wativ

Less than $2 \%$ (9/487) of the total number of specimens tested generated invalid results:

# ANALYTICAL STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

The Clearview® Exact  Test limit of detection (LOD or $C _ { 8 5 } \backslash$ e ratinfzai produces positive Clearview® Exact Il Test results approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, was identified by evaluating ityCle E Tulatu yult EPY $\blacktriangleleft$ concentrations identified as the LOD $( \mathsf { C } _ { 9 5 } )$ levels for each subtype tested are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(TCID5o/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Detected perTotal Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/HongKong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37 x 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64/66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/PuertoRico/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 x 10^f}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY TESTING

Thnunza A n  ras ist tes positiv  heClervwExact I nlenzaA &B Test  e ct z ivy year, all contain the conserved nucleoproteins targeted by the Clearview® Exact Il test.1 Performance cticClevixac za Ttenza specimens was established when H1 and H3 subtypes were prevalent.Performance characteristics of the test when other influenza A virus subtypes are emerging as human pathogens have not been established.

Influenza Strain   
Flu A/Port Chalmers/1/73 (H3N2)   
Flu AWS/33 (H1N1)   
Flu A/Aichi/2/68 (H3N2)   
Flu A/Malaya/302/54 (H1N1)   
Flu A/New Jersey/8/76 (H1N1)   
Flu A/Denver/1/57 (H1N1)   
Flu AVictoria/3/75 (H3N2)   
Flu A/Solomon Islands/3/2006 (H1N1)   
Flu A/Brisbane/10/07 (H3N2)   
Flu A/PuertoRico/8/34 (H1N1)   
Flu A/Wisconsin/67/2005 (H3N2)   
Flu AHong Kong/8/68 (H3N2)   
Flu A/California/04/2009 (H1N1)   
Flu B/Florida/02/2006   
Flu B/Florida/04/2006   
Flu B/Florida/07/04   
Flu B/Malaysia/2506/04   
Flu B/Panama/45/90   
Flu B/R75   
Flu B/Russia/69   
Flu B/Taiwan/2/62   
Flu B/Mass/3/66   
Flu B/Lee/40

Concentration   
5.6 x 10 TCID50/ml   
5.0 x 104 TCID5o/ml   
3.0 x 10 TCID5o/ml   
6.0 x 105 TCIDso/ml   
2.8 x 10 TCIDso/ml   
8.9 x 10³ TCID5o/ml   
1.8 x 104 TCIDso/ml   
1.5 x 105 TCIDso/ml   
2.5 x 10 ElUso/ml   
5.6 x 105 TCIDso/ml   
1.3 x 105 TCID5o/ml   
7.9 x 10³3 TCID5o/ml   
1.4 x 10 TCIDso/ml   
1.4 x 104 TCID50/ml   
7.1 x 104 TCIDso/ml   
8.5 x 104 TCID50/ml   
1.5 x 10 TCID5o/ml   
1.7 x 104 TCID5o/ml   
5.0 x 10 TCID5o/ml   
2.2 x 10 TCIDso/ml   
1.0 x 105 TCIDso/ml   
1.5 x 10 TCID5o/ml   
1.8 x 105 TCID5o/ml

Although this test has been shown to detect the Flu ACalifornia/04/2009(H1N1) virus cultured from a positive human specimen, the performance characteristics of this device with human specimens infected with the 2009 1 nfluenza vius have ot been establihedhe ClearviwExact I Influenza A &  test canisuih ben nfluenza A and Bviruses, but t des not iffeeneaalinfuenza A vis from eovel za 0viunde e'bilydetehu ec wit eovelunz9 H1N1 virus in clinical specimens is unknown.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS-REACTIVITY)

Tdetemi he nalytial cificityf hClearviwExac nflenza   esensal patenicmicorganiss 8 bacteri, 5viruses nd  yast) that may  present  he nasal cavi nasopharynx were tested.Allf the following microorganisms were negative when tested at concentrations ranging from $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 1 0 }$ cel/m CFU/ml r FU/macia $1 0 ^ { 5 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } T C l D _ { 5 0 } / m l$ $C E | \textcircled { 5 } \textcircled { 1 }$ or copie/ml (viruses), and $1 0 ^ { 9 }$ cells/ml (yeast).

# Viruses

Yeast Candida albicans

Bacteria   
Acinetobacter calcoaceticus   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Bordetella pertussis   
Chlamydia pneumoniae   
Corynebacterium diphtheria   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli   
Gardnerella vaginalis   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus casei   
Lactobacillus plantarum   
Legionella pneumophila   
Listeria monocytogenes   
Moraxella catarrhalis   
Mycobacterium avium   
Mycobacterium intracellulare   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Neisseria sicca   
Neisseria subflava   
Proteus vulgaris   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Serratia marcescens   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus aureus (Cowal   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus, Group A   
Streptococcus, Group B   
Streptococcus, Group C   
Streptococcus, Group F   
Streptococcus, Group G   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumoniae

Streptococcus salivaris Streptococcus sanguis

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

ollc ptat ayay hnasal cavity or asoharynx, ee evaluated n he Clearview Exact I Influenza $\&$ B Test at the cnratins sted below an werefound ot tofct st perormanc. Whol blood %)dot intfe atiC  un zO )postiv samplhervisly bloody smplesmay ot epoaor this test.

# Substance

3 OTC nasal sprays   
3 OTC mouthwashes   
3 OTC throat drops   
4-acetamidophenol   
Acetylsalicylic acid   
Albuterol   
Chlorpheniramine   
Dexamethasone   
Dextromethorphan   
Diphenhydramine   
Doxylamine succinate   
Flunisolide   
Guaiacol glycerol ether   
Mucin   
Mupirocin   
Oxymetazoline   
Phenylephrine   
Phenylpropanolamine   
Rebetol® (Ribavirin)   
Relenza® (Zanamivir)   
Rimantadine   
Tamiflu® (Oseltamivir)   
Tobramycin   
Triamcinolone

Concentration   
10%   
10%   
10%   
10 mg/ml   
20 mg/ml   
20 mg/ml   
5 mg/ml   
5 mg/ml   
10 mg/ml   
5 mg/ml   
1 mg/ml   
3 mg/ml   
20mg/ml   
1%   
250 μg/ml   
10 mg/ml   
10 mg/ml   
20 mg/ml   
500 ng/ml   
20 mg/ml   
500 ng/ml   
100 mg/ml   
40 mg/ml   
14 mg/ml

# REPRODUCIBILITY

lC usi panels of blnd coded specimens containing negative, high negative (below thelimit  detection), lo io samples.Participants tested each sample multiple times on 5 different days. The detection rates for the influenza A moderate positive, low positive, and high negative samples were $9 9 . 2 \%$ (119/120), 94.2 $\%$ (113/120) and $9 . 2 \%$ (11/120), respectfully. The detection rates for the influenza B moderate positive, low positive, and high negative samples were $9 9 . 2 \%$ (119/120), $9 6 . 7 \%$ (116/120) and $7 . 5 \%$ (9/120), respectfully. All of the negative samples (118) generated negative test results.

Angela Drysdale U Director, Clinical Affairs Alere Scarborough, Inc., d/b/a Binax, Inc.

Alere Scarborough, Inc., d/b/a Binax, Inc. c/o Anne Jepson   
Manager, Clinical Affairs   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074

Re: K103610 Trade/Device Name: Clearview Exact II Influenza A&B Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza Virus Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GNX Dated: December 8, 2010 Received: December 9, 2010

Dear Ms. Jepson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administeréd by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety.at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sale

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number: K103610

Device Name: Clearview® Exact II Influenza A & B Test

# Indications For Use:

The Clearview® Exact Il Influenza A & B Test is an in vitro immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative detection of influenza A and B nucleoprotein antigens in nasal swab specimens collected from symptomatic patients. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. It is recommended that negative test results be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions.