# 5.0 510(k) SUMMARY

SUBMITTED BY:

JAN 2 1 2011 Mari Meyer Senior Manager, Regulatory/Clinical Affairs DiaSorin Inc. 1951 Northwestern Avenue P.O. Box 285 Stillwater, MN 55082-0285 Phone (651) 351-5635 Fax (651) 351-5669 Email: mari.meyer@diasorin.com

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISO®Anti-HAV, LIAISON® XLAnalyz

Common Names/Descriptions:

Hepatitis Anti-HAV, serological assay, Automated Chemiluminescent Immunoassay Analyzer

Regulation Number:

21 CFR 866.3310

Regulation Name:

Hepatitis A virus (HAV) serological assays

Regulatory Class:

Class II

Product Code:

LOL, JJF

PREDICATE DEVICES:

LIAISON® Analyzer Reference K082050

DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

# INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® Anti-HAV assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of total antibodies to hepatitis A (anti-HAV) in human serum and sodium heparin plasma samples using the LIAiSON® Analyzer family. The assay is indicated as an aid in the laboratory diagnosis of current or previous HAV infections in conjunction with other serological and clinical information and to determine the presence of an antibody response to HAV in vaccine recipients.

This assay is not intended for screening blood or solid or soft tissue donors. Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients. The user is responsible for establishing assay performance characteristics in these populations. Caution: U.S. Federal Law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

The LIAISON® xL Analyzer is an automated discrete continuous loading chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) analyzer for in vitro diagnostic analysis of CLIAs on human serum or plasma. The system menu includes infectious disease, bone and mineral, and endocrinology CLIAs. It is to be used only with FDA cleared chemiluminescence immunoassays that are marketed by DiaSorin for the LIAlSON XL Analyzer.

The LIAISON® Control Anti-HAV (negative and positive) is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® Anti-HAV assay.

The performance characteristics of LIAISON® controls have not been established for any other assays or instrument platforms different from LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.

# DESCRIPTION:

The method for qualitative determination of anti-HAV is a competitive sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) based on neutralization. Antibodies to HAV (mouse monoclonal) are used for coating magnetic particles (solid phase) and are linked to an isoluminol derivative (isoluminol-antibody conjugate). During the first incubation, anti-HAV present in calibrators, samples or controls binds to a fixed and limited amount of HAV, thus forming an HAV-anti-HAV immune complex. During the second incubation, the antibody conjugate and the solid-phase antibody compete with anti-HAV present in the specimen for HAV, that allows the conjugate to bind to the solid phase and thus form a "sandwich" of conjugate antibody-antigen-solid phase antibody. If all HAV added is sequestered in an HAVanti-HAV immune complex during the first incubation, no sandwich is formed during the second incubation. After the second incubation, the unbound material is removed with a wash cycle.

Subsequently, the starter reagents are added and a flash chemiluminescence reaction is thus induced. The light signal, and hence the amount of isoluminolantibody conjugate, is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is inversely indicative of anti-HAV present in calibrators, samples or controls

The LIAlSON® XL Analyzer is an automated discrete continuous loading chemiluminescent immunoassay analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use.

COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE: T lwi able oas h AiS® Analyzr  he LIAISO® Analyzr.   
Summary of Device Similarities and Differences:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® XL Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA K#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K032844/K082050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated chemiluminescentanalyzer for clinical use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles of operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescence using magneticparticle solid phase andchemiluminescent tracer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Optical System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High-sensitive, low-noisephotomultiplier tube (PMT) operatingas an ultra-fast photon counter.Pulses are amplified by a rapidelectronic amplifier.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Circuit that suppresses PMT signalnoise.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear measuring range = 300 - 650nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light peak of chemiluminescenceemitted at 450 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature Control:•  ReactionTemperatureReagent StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36°C±112-19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36C±111-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Dispense System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated pipetting of samples andreagents. Left pipetting unit used forsamples; right pipetting unit used forreagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same(sample pipetting: disposable tip)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision syringes (sample andreagent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Probe:Liquid Level Detection(capacitive)Clot Detection feature(software algorithm based oncapacitive signal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Probe (disposable tip):Liquid Level Detection andClot Detection feature(pressure)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable tips: 6 trays of 96 tipseach can be loaded on board.Monitored through softwarecounter and presence sensorupon tip pick-up.Reloading allowed during run</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Probes:Liquid Level Detection(capacitive), with softwaretracking of reagent level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Probes:Liquid Level Detection(capacitive), with softwaretracking of reagent levelOptical Liquid Verification(real-time monitoring ofliquid flow inside theprobe)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Sample Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capacity: Holds 12 sample racks, 12places per rack</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capacity: Holds 10 sample racks,12 places per rack</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube types:primary tubealiquot tubepediatric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample presence, sample type(calibrator, control, patient), tube size,and processing completion tracked byoperating software and samplebarcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Reagent Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capacity: 15 Reagent Integrals (RI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capacity: 25 Reagent Integrals(R), plus 4 positions for AncillaryReagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RI contains all reagents required forany given assay (up to 7 vials per Rl,first always contains magneticparticles).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay-specific processing andanalysis parameters, calibration, lotnumber, expiration date, and usage(number of tests run) are controlledby operating software ascommunicated by barcode.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay-specific processing andanalysis parameters, calibration,lot number, expiration date, andusage (number of tests run) arecontrolled by operating softwareas communicated by RF-Tag (RF-ID).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Additional Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Set (2-3 levels)LIAISON Light Check (diagnostictool only)LIAISON Starter Kit (StarterReagents 1 and 2)LIAISON Wash/System LiquidLIAISON Cleaning Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Control Set (2-3 levels)LIAISON Light Check(diagnostic tool only)LIAISON Starter Kit (StarterReagents 1 and 2)LIAISON Wash/SystemLiquid (used as a wash liquidonly - immunometric washstep)LIAISON Cleaning KitIn addition:Purified water is also requiredas System Liquid, as fluidicfiller and to perform:reagent needle cleaningwasher needle cleaningA cleaning tank is available tohost a cleaning liquid suitablefor automated maintenancepurpose</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level sensing by capacitive rod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Reaction Modules</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capacity: 6 individual reactioncompartments per Reaction Module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-cavity Cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage capacity: maximum 120strips stored in LIAISON stacker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage capacity: &gt;600 Cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Reaction Modules (cont.)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensors detect presence of ReactionModules, and loading and occupancyof stacker.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inventory monitoring throughsoftware counter.Sensors detect actual presenceof Cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reloading allowed during run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unloading automatic into waste bag</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Test Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random Access and Batch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Continuous operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample scheduling optimized forthroughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Assay Protocols</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Step assays: 1 incubation sequence/ 1 wash sequence; averageincubation time = 10 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-Step assays: 2 incubation sequence/ 1 or 2 wash sequence(s); averageincubation time = 10 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point calibration of assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Human Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Computer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Mouse and keyboard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch-screen On ScreenKeyboard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monitor - touch screen, color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">o   Printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Printer (optional)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stationary barcode scanners foridentification of samples andreagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.  Stationary barcode scannerfor identification of samplesStationary RF-Tag reader foridentification of reagents(Reagent Integrals andStarter Reagents)Handheld barcode scannerfor identification of controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.  Computer LIS Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Data Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated data reduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay-specific Master Curve with 2-point recalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay-specific data reduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">QC Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stored lot-specific control results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot-specific Levey-Jennings plotting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trend identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Statistical analyses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling from primary, aliquot, orpediatric tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Disposables</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.  Reagent Integrals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Light Check (diagnostic tool)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Starter Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Wash/System Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Modules</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:Cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Disposable Tips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Waste Bag</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same (dedicated)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Cleaning Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same (dedicated)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Hardware Improvements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Analyzer, withenhancements as follows:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  floor-standing, integrateddesignimproved averagethroughput,Improved data exchange forReagent Integrals, AncillaryReagents, Starter Reagentsvia RF-ID technologyDisposable tip for samplepipettingContinuous loading of allliquid and solid resources orwasteIncreased liquid/reagentcapacityIncreased efficiency ofwasher needle cleaningAutomated MaintenancetasksOn-line help: User Manualand Quick Guide directlyaccessible on screen</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports the substantial equivalence of the LIAISON® XL Analyzer to the predicate device.

DiaSorin, Inc.   
Attn: Mari Meyer   
1951 Northwestern Ave. P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082

Re: K103529 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON Anti-HAV, LIAISON XL Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3310 Regulation Name: Hepatitis A virus (HAV) serological assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LOL, JJF Dated: November 30, 2010 Received: December 1, 2010

Dear Ms. Meyer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such aditional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Tite1, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies: You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice me   r  te qualy ss () ulan   r Thi will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarkel notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device.and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html. Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K103529

Device Name: LIAISON® Anti-HAV, LIAISON® XL Analyzer

Indications For Use:

The LIAISON® Anti-HAV assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of total antibodies to hepatitis A (anti-HAV) in human serum and sodium heparin plasma samples using the $\angle 1 A i S O N ^ { \textcircled { 8 } }$ Analyzer family. The assay is indicated as an aid in the laboratory diagnosis of current or previous HAV infections in conjunction with other serological and clinical information and to determine the presence of an antibody response to HAV in vaccine recipients.

This assay is not intended for screening blood or solid or soft tissue donors. Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients. The user is responsible for establishing assay performance characteristics in these populations. Caution: U.S. Federal Law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

The LIAlSON® XL Analyzer is an automated discrete continuous loading chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) analyzer for in vitro diagnostic analysis of CLIAs on human serum or plasma. The system menu includes infectious disease, bone and mineral, and endocrinology CLIAs. It is to be used only with FDA cleared chemiluminescence immunoassays that are marketed by DiaSorin for the LIAlSON XL Analyzer.

The LIAISON® Control Anti-HAV (negative and positive) is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® Anti-HAV assay.

The performance characteristics of LIAISON® controls have not been established for any other assays or instrument platforms different from LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.

Prescription Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or Over the Counter Use_ (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)