Medical Wire & Equipment Co (Bath) LTD   
$\mathrm { c } / \mathrm { o }$ David Ellis   
Director of Operations   
Potley Lane   
Corsham   
Wilshire, SN 13 9RT   
UK

Re: K103805 Trade/Device Name: Medical Wire & Equipment S-Transwab® (or SigmaTranswab) Liquid Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866.2900$ Regulation Name: Microbiological specimen collection and transport device Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: LIO, JTW Dated: December 22, 2010 Received: December 28, 2010

Dear Mr. Ellis:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter wil allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97).

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the   
Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number   
(800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours, Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D. Jal al

Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Devce Name: Medical Wire & Equipment ∑-Transwab (or Sigma-Transwab) Liquid Amies Collection and Transport Device

Indications for Use:

Medical Wire & Equipment ∑-Transwab (Sigma-Transwab) Specimen Collection and Transport System is intended to preserve the viability and infectivity of microbiological specimens after their collection and during transport from the collection site to the testing laboratory. ∑-Transwab specimens are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for microbiological specimens.

Prescription Use _X AND/OR .(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Over-The-Counter Use

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Page 1 of 1

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K/03805