# K1101060

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (SXT)

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

# Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jolyn Tenllado   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs 314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
December 21, 2010

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

B.Device Name: Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (≤ 1/19 - ≥ 16/304 µg/ml)

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866. 1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-GN SXT

C. Predicate Device:

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative SXT is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative microorganisms and is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK 2 Gram Negative SXT is a qualitative test. SXT has been shown to be active against the microorganisms listed below according to the FDA label for the antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections

Escherichia coli (including susceptible enterotoxigenic strains implicated in traveler's diarrhea

Klebsiella species Proteus mirabilis Enterobacter species Shigella flexneri

Morganella morganii Shigella sonnei Proteus vulgaris

The antimicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions f the doublidilutn technique ordeteinigheminu ihibitory concentrain (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 0 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK 2 System automatically ills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK 2 Compact has a manual filling and sealing operation. The VITEK 2 monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours).At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MiC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK 2 Gram Negative SXT demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class I Special Controls Guidance Document:Antimicrobial Susceptiblity Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA, Issued February 5, 2003.

The Premarket Notification [510(k)] presents data in support of VITEK 2 Gram Negative SXT. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh clinical isolates and stock challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confim the acceptability of VITEK 2 Gram Negative SXT by comparing its performance with the CLSl broth microdilution reference method. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms. VITEK 2 Gram Negative SXT demonstrated acceptable performance of $100 \%$ overall Category Agreement.Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results using both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument systems.

bioMérieux, Inc.   
$\mathtt { c / o }$ Jolyn Tenllado   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042-2320

Re: K110106 Trade/Device Name: VITEK ${ \mathfrak { G } } _ { 2 }$ Gram Negative Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole E $( \leq 1 / 1 9 \cdot \geq 1 6 / 3 0 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ EPY Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.1645 Regulation Name: Short-Term Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: November 10, 2011 Received: November 14, 2011

Dear Ms. Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter

Page 2 - Jolyn Tenllado

will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (f known): k10/06

Device Name: ViTEK® 2 Gram Negative Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (≤ 1/19 - ≥ 16/304 µg/ml)

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram-negative bacill. ViTEK 2 Gram Negative Trimethoprim/ sulfamethoxazole is a qualitative est intended o e with th $V / \tilde { \tau } \mathsf { E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

# Active in vitro and in clinical infections

Escherichia coli (including susceptible enterotoxigenic strains implicated in traveler's diarrhea)   
Klebsiella species Proteus mirabilis   
Enterobacter species Shigella flexneri   
Morganella morganii Shigella sonnei   
Proteus vulgaris

The VITEK®  Antcobial Susctibility Test (AST) is intended to e use wih the VITE® S  l the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus sp. Streptococcus agalactiae, S. pneumoniae and clinically significant yeast.

Prescription Use __X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Lued  Peade

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K110106