1 BIOMERIEUX

K111893

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMerieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jolyn Tenllado   
Director, Regulatory Affairs 314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
July 1st, 2011

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name: Classification Name:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline

21 CFR 866.1645   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test   
Product Code LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tetracycline

C.Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Amoxicilli for S. pneumoniae (K063597)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITE $\mathsf { K } ^ { \mathfrak { Q } } 2$ SecTecidesntblbl Streptococcus species. VITE ${ \sf K } ^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2$ Streptococcus Tetracycline is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK ${ \mathfrak { o } } _ { 2 }$ and ViTEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Tetracycline has an antimicrobial activity against the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections Streptococcus pneumoniae Streptococcus pyogenes Viridans group streptococci

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITE $\kappa ^ { \otimes } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacillStaphylococcus spp. Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp. and clinically significant yeast.

The antimicrobial presented in VITEK® 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/mL. The VITEK® 2 AST cards are essentially miniaturized vrsnsf thedoubling ilutin technique ordeteinigheminu hibitoryconcentration C microdilution methodology.

The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 \%$ to $0 . 5 0 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITE ${ \sf K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITE $\kappa ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The VITEK® 2 Systems monitor the growth of each wellin the card over a defined period of time (up to 36 hours for yeast). At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antimicrobial contained on the card.

VITE $\mathsf { K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Streptococcus Tetracycline demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document:Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA. Issued August 28, 2009.

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK ${ \mathfrak { O } } _ { 2 }$ Streptococcus Tetracycline. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK ${ \mathfrak { o } } _ { 2 }$ Streptococcus Tetracycline by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method.The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK ${ \boldsymbol { \mathfrak { B } } } _ { 2 }$ and VITE ${ \sf K } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } 2$ Compact instrument plaorms.VITE® Stretooccus Tetracycline demonstrate acceptable perormanc $9 6 . 8 \%$ overall essential agreement and $9 7 . 1 \%$ overall category agreement with the reference method. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results using both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK $\mathfrak { B } _ { 2 } ^ { \cdot }$ Compact instrument systems.

bioMérieux, Inc. c/o Jolyn Tenllado Director, Regulatory Affairs 595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: K111893 Trade Name: VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ Streptococcus Tetracycline Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 1 6 4 5$ Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: February 10, 2012 Received: February 13, 2012

Dear Ms. Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050. This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section

Page 2 - Jolyn Tenllado

510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

fudedi Pocle   
Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (i known): K11893

Device Name: ViTEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline EY $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathfrak { m L } )$ EY

Indications For Use:

VITE ${ \sf K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Streptococcus Tetracycline is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species. VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITE ${ \sf K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Tetracycline has an antimicrobial activity against the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections

Streptococcus pneumoniae Streplococcus pyogenes Viridans group streptococci

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 System for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibiliy testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacili, Staphylococcus spp. Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp. and clinically significant yeast.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Greddie Polee Msion Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety :

510(k) K111893