# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information . provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K112937

Submitter: Address: Phone number Fax number

ELITechGroup Epoch Biosciences.   
21720 23rd Dr SE, Suite 150, Bothell, WA 98021 USA 425-482-5555   
425-482-5550

# Contact

Debra K Hutson (Email: d.hutson $\textcircled{8}$ elitechgroup.com)

Date of Preparation September 29, 2011

# Device:

Trade/proprietary Name:. Common or Usual Name: Regulation number/name: Device Class:   
Product code   
Classification name   
Classification Advisory   
Committee:   
Panel:

# MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®

Test Kit for the detection of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus   
866.1640, Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder   
Class II   
NQX   
System, nucleic acid amplification test, dna, methicillin resistant   
staphylococcus aureus, direct specimen

Microbiology 83

Predicate device

BD GENEOHM MRSA ACP ASSAY (K093346)

# Device description:

MRSA/SA ELITe MGB is a real-time, multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay for the in vitro qualitative detection of MRSA and SA DNA extracted from human nasal swab samples. In this system, sample preparation and amplification/real-time detection are completed on separate instruments. Sample processing is completed on the bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG® instrument with bioMérieux NucliSENS Nucleic Acid Extraction Reagents according to the manufacturer's instructions. Following processing, the extracted sample is placed in the well of a 96 well plate to which "monoreagent" is added. The monoreagent contains the primers and probes for the genes of interest and the internal control combined with master mix. The assay is performed on an Applied Biosystems 7500 FAST Dx System that consists of the 7500 FAST Dx instrument, a personal computer, 96-well plates and seals. The total system run time is 150 minutes consisting of 60 minutes for sample processing and about 90 minutes for the real time amplification and detection steps. The instrument never comes into contact with any fluids within the 96- well plate. Each disposable plate is intended to test up to 96 samples, controls or any mixture thereof. The 96-well plates are not re-usable and are specific to the system. The kit contains enough reagents for 100 reactions. One positive and one negative control are required for each PCR run ; a Negative

Processing Control and a Positive Processing Control are recommended to be run in each extraction run. The design of the assay includes systems to identify both the gene responsible for methicillin resistance and for a conserved portion of a gene unique to S. aureus. Thus, for a true "MRSA," both targets will be identified in roughly equal proportions. Results are determined by using an algorithm that compares output, Cq, from the cycler (called Ct in the output from the cycler.)

MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \textregistered }$ is a qualitative nvdosticest or hec detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) using DNA purified from nasal swabs. MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. It is not intended to diagnose, guide or monitor MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to oxacillin/methicillin. A negative result does not preclude MRSA/SA (Staphylococcus aureus) nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for epidemiological typing or for further susceptibility testing.

Intended Use:   
Indication for use:   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>ELITech Molecular Diagnostics Device</td><td>Predicate device BD GENEOHM MRSA ACP ASSAY</td></tr><tr><td>MRSA/SA ELITe MBG</td><td>(K093346) The BD GeneOhm® MRSA ACP</td></tr><tr><td>Intended use</td><td>MRSASA ELITe MGB® is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) using DNA purified from nasal swabs. MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. It is not intended to diagnose, guide or monitor MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility.to oxacillin/methicillin. A negative result does not preclude MRSA/SA (Staphylococcus aureus) nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are</td><td>Assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) DNA from nasal swabs in patients at risk for nasal colonization. The test utilizes polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of MRSA DNA and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified DNA. The BD GeneOhm® MRSA ACP Assay is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. It is not intended to diagnose MRSA infections nor to guide or monitor treatment for MRSA</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Molecular Diagnostics DeviceMRSA/SA ELITe MBG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">     Predicate deviceBD GENEOHM MRSA ACP ASSAY(K093346)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">susceptibility testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">infections.Concomitant cultures are necessaryonly to recover organisms forepidemiological typing or for furthersusceptibility testing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® is a qualitativein vitro diagnostic test for the directdetection of Staphylococcus aureus(SA) and methicillin-resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) usingDNA purified from nasal swabs.MRSASA ELITe MGB® is intended toaid in the prevention and control ofMRSA infections in healthcaresettings. It is not intended to diagnose,guide or monitor MRSA infections, orprovide results of susceptibility tooxacillin/methicillin. A negative resultdoes not preclude MRSA/SA(Staphylococcus aureus) nasalcolonization. Concomitant cultures arenecessary to recover organisms forepidemiological typing or for furthersusceptibility testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD GeneOhm® MRSA ACPAssay is a qualitative in vitrodiagnostic test for the direct detectionof methicillin-resistant Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA) DNA from nasalswabs in patients at risk for nasalcolonization. The test utilizespolymerase chain reaction (PCR) forthe amplification of MRSA DNA andfluorogenic target-specifichybridization probes for the detectionof the amplified DNA. The BDGeneOhm® MRSA ACP Assay isintended to aid in the prevention andcontrol of MRSA infections inhealthcare settings. It is not intendedto diagnose MRSA infections nor toguide or monitor treatment for MRSAinfections.Concomitant cultures are necessaryonly to recover organisms forepidemiological typing or for furthersusceptibility testing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode of identificationof S. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presence of conserved region in aStaphylococcus aureus-specific gene.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Presence of SCCmec cassette(genetic element that carries the mecAgene) at orfX junction (specific to S.aureus)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode of detection formethicillin resistance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presence of the mecA gene which isresponsible for resistance tomethicillin.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) assay using 3 forwardprimer, 3 reverseprimers, and 3 fluorescent-labeledprobes for the amplification anddetection of methicillin resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) DNA.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) assay using 1 forwardprimer, 5 reverseprimers, and 2 molecular beaconprobes for the amplification anddetection of methicillin resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) DNA.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® PCR MiXTfi PCR Master Mix&lt;0.01% MRSA/SA primers&lt;0.01% Internal Control primers&lt;0.01% MRSA/SA Fluorescent-labeled oligonucleotide probes&lt;0.01% Internal Control Fluorescent-labeled oligonucleotide probe&lt;0.01% Fluorescent Passive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Master Mix&lt; 0.0005% DNA polymerase complex&lt; 0.001% Internal Control: non-infectious DNA containing MRSA-primer binding sequences and aunique sequence for probehybridization&lt; 0.06% primers&lt; 0.02% Molecular beacon probes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Molecular Diagnostics DeviceMRSA/SA ELITe MBG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.:.          Predicate deviceBD GENEOHM MRSA ACP ASSAY(K093346)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference dT(8)-AP593MRSA/SA Internal ControlTris buffer&lt;0.01% EDTA0.01% total yeast RNA&lt;0.001% Non-infectious plasmid DNA(recombinant) containing InternalControl sequencesMRSASA Positive ControlTris buffer&lt;0.01% EDTA0.01% total yeast RNA&lt;0.001% Non-infectious plasmid DNA(microbial) containing MRSAsequences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 1% Nucleotide mix (dATP, dCTP,dGTP, dTTP)Bovine serum albuminCarbohydrateMgCI2&lt; 0.001% non-infectiousStaphylococcus epidermidis genomicDNA (ATCC 14990)Control DNATris-EDTA bufferCarbohydrate&lt; 0.001% non-infectious genomicMRSA DNA (ATCC 43300)DiluentTris-HCI bufferMgCl2(NH4)2SO4KCITween-20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appearance ofreagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, ready to use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage &amp; Expiry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stored in -20 C freezer. The deviceis stable until the expiry date stated onthe label.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stored at 2- 25 °C.Reagents are stable until the expirydate stated on the label.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABI 7500 Fast Dx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD SmartCycler® I1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive PCR control (Plasmid DNA(microbial) containing MRSAsequences)Internal Control (Plasmid DNA(recombinant) containing InternalControl sequences)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive PCR control (DNA from S.aureus ATCC 43300).Negative PCR control (DNA from S.epidermidis ATCC 14990).Internal procedural control</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced

FDA Draft Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff Establishing the Performance Characteristics of Nucleic Acid-Based In vitro Diagnostic Devices for the Detection and Differentiation of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Staphylococcus aureus (SA), Issued January 5, 2011.

FDA Guidance for Industry, FDA Reviewers and Compliance on Off-the-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices, Issued September 9, 1999.

# Instrumentation/Software:

The system is performed with FDA-cleared devices, bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG® extraction system and the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx PCR Instrument. ELITechGroup Epoch Biosciences has a relationship with each on the manufacturers of these devices via service contracts such that Epoch will become aware, in the same time, as other users of the system, of changes to the device(s) or of the soausd by hedevicenternal qualiy ssuance produres place vri he cont acceptable performance of the test devicePlease, note, however, that the evaluation algorithm and the use of controls as indicated in the labeling, Internal Control and Positive Control, Negative Specimen Processing Control and Positive Specimen Processing Control, should identify for users any issues created by instrument or software changes.

# Performance Characteristics

# Interfering substances

A study was conducted with potentially interfering substances encountered on nasal swabs. Substances tests were chemical substances that can either be naturally present in the nasal cavity or that can ecially inhe aslviy.

The following substances were tested and evaluated: blood, mucin, phenylephrine (Neo-synephrine®), oxmetazoline (Dristan®, Zicam), sodium chloride with preservatives, benzalkonium chloride, sodium phosphate, phenylcarbinol (Saline), propylene glycol $\Delta Y R ^ { \circledast }$ saline nasal gel), sorbitol, benzyl alcohol, disodium EDTA, hypromellose, phosphoric acid, dexamethasone, triamcinolone (Nasacort®), beclomethasone (Beconase) $A Q ^ { \otimes }$ funisolide, budesonide (Rhinocort Aqua), mometasone (Nasone), flutiasone (Flonase), luffa opperculata, sulfur, Galphimia glauca, Histaminum hydrochloricum, live al nfza iacci FlMist) eoai hol Ceaco sht oz Zanamivir (Relenza®), Oseltamivir phosphate (Tamiflu©), Mupirocin, tobramycin.

The following substances have been shown to interfere with the performance of the assay: $A Y R ^ { \otimes }$ saline 1asal gel and excessive amounts of nasal secretions/mucus.

# Non-Clinical Performance Evaluation

# A. Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity of the MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® was determined using 5 strains of MRSA and one MSSA strain. Cultures of these strains were quantified, diluted in simulated nasal matrix to values spanning the range of approximately 5 to 1500 colonies forming units (CFU) and absorbed onto swabs. All dilutions were tested, and the limit of detection (LoD) was determined by Probit analysis. LoD for each strain represents the lowest number of CFU/swab at which a positive result will be obtained with at least $95 \%$ confidence. LoD for each strain was then verified by testing at least 20 replicates. Results indicate that the MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® average LoD is 165 CFU/mL of a swab eluate.

# B. Analytical Reactivity

# Inclusivity

Performance of the MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® was tested on 75 well characterized MRSA and MSSA isolates representative of the global genetic diversity, including clonal complexes and sequence types as well as various Pulse-Field Gel Electrophoresis (PFGE) types and MIC (Minimum Inhibitory Concentration) values, with the emphasis on the USA epidemiologic clones. The strains were obtained through the Network on Antimicrobial Resistance in Staphylococcus aureus (NARSA) Program and from American Tissue Culture Collection (ATCC) or were a gift from Medical College of WisconsinAllstrains were absorbed onto swabs at near detection limit and tested with MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ . In addition to that all

MSSA strains were tested at 10°CFU/swab. All MSSA strains tested positive for SA and negative for MRSA. All MRSA strains tested positive for MRSA. Two BORSA (Borderline Oxacilin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus) isolates that lack mecA tested SA positive and MRSA negative for an overall analytical reactivity of $9 7 . 3 \%$ .

# C. Analytical Specificity

# Exclusivity

The specificity of the MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes } .$ was evaluated by testing for cross-reactivity t spces phylogenetically related to S. aureus, pathogenic microorganisms and to microorganisms commonly present in normal nasal microflora. The test panel consisted of 17 viral, 3 fungal, 1 mycoplasma, and 41 bacterial species. The microorganisms were tested as cultures in concentrations of $1 ^ { \circ } \times 1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C F U } ( 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ PFU)/swab. In addition human cells in a concentration of $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ cells $/ \mathsf { m L }$ were tested. Human cells and all tested species were found negative for MRSA and SA with the MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ The analytical specificity was $100 \%$ .

Species Tested for Cross-Reactivity and Microbial Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococci Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses        8.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoNs*Staphylococcus arlettae,Staphylococcus capitis,Staphylococcus carnosus,Staphylococcus chromogenes,Staphylococcus equorum,Staphylococcus felis,Staphylococcus gallinarum,Staphylococcus hominissubsp. hominis,Staphylococcus kloosii,Staphylococcus lentus,Staphylococcus pulvereri,Staphylococcus simulans,Staphylococcus warneriMSCoPS*Staphylococcus delphini,MSCoNS*Staphylococcus epidermidis,Staphylococcus xylosusMRCoNS*Staphylococcus epidermidisCoPs*Staphylococcus hyicus,Staphylococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter haemolyticus, Bacilluscereus, Bordetella pertussis,Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri,Corynebacterium aquaticum,Corynebacterium bovis,Corynebacterium flavescens,Corynebacterium genitalium,Enterobacter aerogenes,Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcusfaecium, Enterococcus flavescens,Enterococcus gallinarum,Enterococcus hiraem, Escherichia coli,ESBL producer, Klebsiella oxytoca,Klebsiella pneumoniae, ESBLproducer, Listeria monocytogenes,Moraxella catarrhalis, Pasteurellaaerogenes, Proteus mirabilis, Proteusvulgaris, Pseudomonas aeruginosa,Salmonella typhimurium, Serratiamarcescens, Shigella sonnei,Streptococcus mitis, Streptococcussalivarius, Yersinia enterocolitica,Candida albicans, Candida glabrata,Cryptococcus neoformans,Lactobacillus acidophilus, Legionellapneumophila, Mycobacteriumtuberculosis avirulent, Mycoplasmapneumoniae, Neisseria meningitides,Streptococcus mutans, Streptococcuspneumoniae, Streptococcuspyogenes, Homo sapiens, HumanCells HT1080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 1,Adenovirus Type 7A,Human coronavirus (229E),Human coronavirus (OC43),Cytomegalovirus,Coxsackievirus Type A21,Epstein Barr Virus,Human influenza virus A,Human influenza virus B,Human parainfluenza Type 2,Human parainfluenza Type 3,Human metapneumovirus 3 TypeB1,Measles,Mumps virus,Respiratory syncytial virus Type B,Rhinovirus Type 1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>* CoNS: coagulase-negative Staphylococci,MSCoPS: methicillin susceptible coagulase positive Staphylococci,MSCoNS: methicillin susceptible coagulase negative Staphylococci,</td></tr></table>

# MRCoNS: methicillin resistant coagulase negative Staphylococci, CoPS: coagulase positive Staphylococci

Two of the potentially interfering organisms tested, Human metapneumovirus (hMPV) and MRCoNS Staphylococcus epidermidis, strain NRS 34, caused interference at initial test.

Re-testing of MRCoNS Staphylococcus epidermidis, strain NRS 34 confirmed the interference results. MRCoNS Staphylocos epideiis, rain NRS 3 is considered t nterfere with MRSASA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ .

MRCoNS Staphylococcus epidermidis when tested in a mix with near-detection-limit -MRSA resulted in "SA positive, MRSA negative" call.

Re-testing of Human metapneumovirus (hMPV) did not reveal interference of hMPV with MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ .

Methicilin Susceptible S. aureus (MSSA) was also tested for microbial interference. The microorganism was spiked at $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ PFU/mL), or higher, into a sample with MRSA strains at neardetection-limit and tested.

MRCoNS Staphylococcus epidermidis and MSSA, when tested in a mix with near-detectionlimit of MRSA, resulted in "SA positive, MRSA negative" call.

None of the other tested species interfered with MRSA/SA detection.

# D. Reproducibility

A 10-member panel of specimens with varying concentrations of MRSA and MSSA in a simulated nasal matrix was tested. Two MRSA strains (ATCC BAA-1556 and BAA-1720) and one MSSA strain (BAA12600) were used. Simulated matrix contained human genomic DNA and mucin to imitate a normal human nasal matrix. Data from the specimens were pooled to produce four sample types: For each MRSA/MSSA strain the panel included a negative member, specimen below the LoD (expected to yield a positivity rate of between 20 to $80 \%$ , low positive (at LoD, expected to yield a $9 5 \%$ positivity rate), and moderate positive (three times LoD, expected to have $100 \%$ positivity rate).

Eac of the two operators performed one un per day for  days on three reagent lots at e se. In two other sites two runs per day on one reagent lot were performed for 5 days (10 specimens x 3 replicates $\pmb { \chi }$ 5 days x 2 runs).

The negative panel member yielded negative results $100 \%$ , the below LoD specimens positivity rate was $7 7 \%$ the low positive specimen positivity rate was $98 \%$ and the moderate positive panel members positivity rate was $100 \%$ .

# Cumulative data of reproducibility study

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/58 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Below LoD (R2,R5.R8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134/174 (77%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (R3,R6,R9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170/174 (98%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (R4,R7,RI0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174/174 (100%)</td></tr></table>

The numerical results based on Ct values follow:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PSPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NTC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Panel#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">MeanCt</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Operator</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-System</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NAI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NAI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.79</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.98</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.07</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Panel#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Operator</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-System</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.64</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.55</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.82</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA7</td></tr></table>

Wo a        a    T   
O    T Va      o e   's

# E. Carry-Over / Cross-Contamination

An analytical study was performed to evaluate the potential for cross-contamination between high MRSA $\mathsf { 1 } \times \mathsf { 1 0 } ^ { \mathsf { 7 } }$ CFU per mL) specimens and negative specimens throughout the MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® workflow. Two operators performed five 24-sample extraction runs (11 high MRSA samples, 11 negative samples, 1 PSPC sample, and 1 NSPC sample per run) in a checkerboard pattern (high MRSA samples interrupted by completely negative samples). The processed samples were then PCR amplified in five separate runs using two different checkerboard patterns. The cross-contamination testing resulted in zero false aivs rom iyivhih R posivmples n le posiive smple romi-ivive samples.

# Clinical Performance

Performance characteristics of the MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ were determined in a prospective investigational study at three (3) sites by comparing the MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® with agglutination/susceptibiliy tests. Specimens were collected from three (3) unique geographies at institutions having MRSA culture-based screening programs in place. To be enrolled in the study, patints had to be eligible for MRSA screening according to the policies of the respective facilities. A true MRSA culture-positive specimen was defined as a specimen where MRSA was identified by the latex agglutination an cefoxitn usceptibility test after broh erichment (both positive).A true A culurepositive specimen was defined as a specimen negative for cefoxitin susceptibility testing and positive for the latex agglutination test.

One nasal swab was collected from each patient and used to inoculate a selective chromogenic MRSA screening agar plate.Then the swab was inserted into a tube with trypticase soy broth and thoroughly mixed. The entire volume of the cell suspension was tested using MRSASA ELíTe MGB. All swabs were subjected to enrichment in trypticase soy broth with $6 . 5 \%$ NaCl. The enriched culture samples were inoculated onto Trypticase Soy Blood Agar plates. Grown overnight cultures were used for latex agglutination. Specimens positive for latex agglutination were used for the cefoxitin susceptibiliy test.

Performance of the MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ wac agglutination and cefoxitin susceptibility test results.

A total of 3271 nasal swab specimens were collected and tested. Of the 3271 specimen tested, 3174 specimens were eligible to be included in statistical analyses: 72 specimens were considered to be ineligible due to a duplicating error during samples colection and preparation; 21 specimens failed the initial extraction due to an operator error. Those samples were retested from the original swabs. 25 specimens failed the extraction and have been removed from the study.

Compared to the reference culture method, MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ identified $92 \%$ of the specimens testing positive for MRSA and $9 5 \%$ of the negative specimens.

Compared to the reference culture method, MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \circledcirc }$ identified $96 \%$ of the specimens testing positive for SA and $9 5 \%$ of the negative specimens.

Summarized (for all data combined) MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \circledast }$ performance table²:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined Data</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>MRSA/SA ELITeMGB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRSA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA+/MRSA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg/NoGrowth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRSA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA+/MRSA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>508</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2318</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2406</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3174</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>MRSA:Sensitivity: 92.3% (88.08%-95.16%)Specificity: 95.2% (94.32%-95.87%)PPV: 58.9% (53.67%-63.95%)NPV: 99.4% (99.04%-99.62%)SA:Sensitivity: 96.1% (94.48%-97.25%)Specificity: 95.1% (94.16%-95.89%)PPV: 86.2% (83.74%-88.36%)NPV: 98.7% (98.16%-99.09%)Note: The statistics shown are the calculated values with the 95% confidenceinterval in the parentheses.</td></tr></table>

ws performe n all specimens that gv isordant MRSA results between he eference cultumethd and MRSA/SA ELITe MGB™M.

16 of the 17 specimens that were MRSA-positive by culture but MRSA-negative by MRSA/SA ELITe MGB™ were found to be MRSA positive by SCCmec right extremity junction sequencing. 2  the 143 specimens that were MRSA-negative by culture but MRSA-positive by MRSA/SA ELITe MGB™ were found to be MRSA positive by SCCmec right extremity junction sequencing.

ulg/oRS/TG ${ \sim } 9 3 \%$ of the specimens positive for MRSA by a reference method and $\sim 9 6 \%$ of the MRSA-negative specimens.

$$
N P V ; 9 9 . 4 \% ( 9 9 . 0 8 \% , 9 9 . 6 5 \% )
$$

Thus, the positive and negative agreements for MRSA were each increased by $1 \%$ to achieve $93 \%$ and $9 6 \%$ respectively. Positive Predictive Value for MRSA was also increased by $6 \%$ to achieve $65 \%$ .

ELITechGroup EPOCH Biosciences   
C/o Debra K. Hutson   
Director, QA/RA, North America   
$2 1 7 2 0 2 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Drive SE, Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021

Re: k112937 Trade/Device Name: MRSA/SA ELITe MGB ® Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NQX Dated: May 9, 2012 Received: May 11, 2012

Dear Ms. Hutson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Acl or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

Page 2 - Debra K. Hutson

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, fagattro

Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): _K112937

Device Name: MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®

Indications for Use:

MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) using DNA purified from nasal swabs. MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. It is not intended to diagnose, guide or monitor MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to oxacillin/methicillin. A negative result does not preclude MRSA/SA (Staphylococcus aureus) nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for epidemiological typing or for further susceptibility testing.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Luddi i Prkie

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k). K1/2937.