# 510(k) SUMMARY

# General Information

Submitted by:

QIAGEN GmbH Qiagen Strasse 1 Hilden, Germany D-40724

# Contact Person:

Volker Riemenschneider QIAGEN GmbH Qiagen Strasse 1 Hilden, Germany D-40724

Phone: $+ 4 9$ 2103-29-0   
Fax: $+ 4 9$ 2103-29-2177   
Email: Volker.riemenschneider@qiagen.com

Date Prepared: February 1, 2012

# Device Name

Trade Name: artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit   
Common Name: Influenza A/B Test   
Classification Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay, (21 CFR 866.3980, Product Code OCC)

# Predicate Device

Manufacturer Product Name Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. ProFlu $^ +$ Assay

# Device Description

The artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit contains reagents and instructions for the detection and differentiation of Influenza A and Influenza B viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swabs of symptomatic patients.

The assay utilizes the EZ1 Advanced XL instrument with the EZ1 Advanced XL DSP Virus Card v. 1.0. and the EZ1 DSP Virus Kit (QIAGEN) for viral nucleic acid extraction. The Rotor-Gene Q MDx instrument with the artus Influenza Assay Software Package (QIAGEN) is used for amplification and detection.

Pathogen detection by the reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) is based on the reverse transcription of the RNA into complementary DNA (cDNA) and subsequent amplification of specific regions of the pathogen genome. In real-time PCR the amplified product is detected via fluorescent dyes. These are linked to oligonucleotides that bind specifically to the amplified product. Monitoring the fluorescence intensities during the PCR run (i.e., in real time) allows the detection of the accumulating product without having to re-open the reaction tubes after the PCR run.

The Influenza A/B Master contains primers, probes, enzymes, and other reaction components (except Mg solution) needed for the specific amplification of a 141 bp region of the Influenza A virus genome and a 95 bp region of the influenza virus B genome, and for the direct detection of the specific amplicons in two fluorescence channels of the Rotor-Gene Q MDx instrument. The primers are complementary to highly conserved regions of the Matrix gene locus within the influenza A or influenza B virus genome. The probes are dual-labeled with a reporter dye attached to the $5 "$ -end and a quencher dye attached to the 3'-end. Detection is performed on the Rotor-Gene Q MDx instrument at wavelengths listed in Table 5.1.

In addition, the Master contains a second heterologous primer/probe set to detect the Influenza $\mathbf { A } / \mathbf { B }$ Internal Control (IC). The IC result identifies possible failure of RNA extraction or the presence of PCR inhibition. The Internal Control is detected in a third fluorescence channel.

Table 5.1. Target genes and detection channels   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Component Target</td><td>Target Gene</td><td>Detection Range (nm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Influenza A/B Master</td><td>Influenza A Virus</td><td>Matrix</td><td>510 +/- 5</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Virus</td><td>Matrix</td><td>710 +/- 5</td></tr><tr><td>Internal Control</td><td>Synthetic sequence</td><td>610 +/- 5</td></tr></table>

An Influenza A Control and an Influenza B Control comprised of in vitro transcripts representing the amplified regions of the Influenza A virus .genome and the Influenza B virus genome, respectively, are provided. PCR grade water is provided as a negative (notemplate) control.

The procedure consists of four consecutive steps:

1. Sample collection: Collect nasopharyngeal swab specimens from symptomatic patients using a polyester, nylon, or rayon swab and place it into virus transport medium.

2Nucleic acid extraction: Add the Influenza IC to the carrier RNA before starting the extraction procedure. Extract viral RNA using the EZ1 DSP Virus Kit in combination with the EZ1 Advanced XL instrument.

3. Real-time RT-PCR: Add the extracted RNA and positive and negative control material to Influenza A/B Master mix. Perform real-time RT-PCR using the Rotor-Gene Q MDx instrument.

4. Result interpretation: The Influenza Assay Package evaluates the results of the positive and negative controls to determine if the run is valid. If the run is valid, the internal control and target-specific results of each specimen are evaluated.

# Intended Use

The artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit is a multiplex real time PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and identification of Influenza A and Influenza B virus RNA in nasopharyngeal swab specimens using the Rotor-Gene® Q MDx instrument. The test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A and Influenza B viral infections in patients symptomatic for respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. It is not intended to detect Influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established during the 2009/2010 and 2010/2011 flu seasons when Influenza A (H3N2) and Influenza A/2009 (H1N1) were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses emerge, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Comparison of the artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit and the Predicate Device

The artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit is substantially equivalent to the predicate device:

K110968: ProFlu $^ +$ Assay, Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc.

Similarities and differences between the artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit and the predicate device are shown in Table 5.2.

Table 5.2. Comparison of the artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit with the predicate device.   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProFlu+TM Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K113323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K110968</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCRKit is a multiplex real time PCR invitro diagnostic test for thequalitative detection andidentification of influenza A andinfluenza B virus RNA innasopharyngeal swab specimensusing the Rotor-Gene® Q MDxinstrument. The test is intended foruse as an aid in the differentialdiagnosis of influenza A andinfluenza B virus infections inpatients symptomatic forrespiratory tract infection inconjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors. It isnot intended to detect influenza Cvirus.Negative results do not precluderespiratory virus infection andshould not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatment orother patient managementdecisions.Performance characteristics forinfluenza Awereestablishedduringthe 2009/2010and2010/2011 flu seasons wheninfluenza A (H3N2) and influenzaA/2009(H1N1)   were thepredominant influenza A virusesin  circulation. When otherInfluenza A viruses emerge,performance characteristics may</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ProFluTM+ Assay is amultiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test forthe rapid and qualitative detectionand discrimination of Influenza AVirus, Influenza B Virus, andRespiratory Syncytial Virus(RSV) nucleic acids isolated andpurified from nasopharyngeal(NP) swab specimens obtainedfrom symptomatic patients. Thistest is intended for use to aid inthe differential diagnosis ofInfluenza A, Influenza B andRSV viral infections in humansand is not intended to detectInfluenza C.Negative results do not precludeinfluenza or RSV virus infectionand should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or othermanagement decisions.Conversely, positive results donot rule out bacterial infection orco-infection with other viruses.The agent detected may not be thedefinite cause of disease. The useof additional laboratory testingand clinical presentation must beconsidered in order to obtain thefinal diagnosis of respiratory viralinfection.Performance characteristics forInfluenza A Virus wereestablished when Influenza A/H3and A/Hl were the predominant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vary.If infection with a novel influenzaA virus is suspected based oncurrent clinical andepidemiological screening criteriarecommended by public healthauthorities, specimens should becollected with appropriateinfection control precautions fornovel virulent influenza virusesand sent to state or local healthdepartments for testing. Viralculture should not be attempted inthese cases unless a BSL 3+facility is available to receive andculture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A viruses in circulation(2006 - 2007 respiratory season).Performance characteristics forInfluenza A were confirmed whenInfluenza A/Hl, Influenza A/H3,and Influenza A/2009 H1N1 werethe predominant Influenza Aviruses in circulation (2008 and2009). When other Influenza Aviruses are emerging,performance characteristics mayvary.If infection with a novel InfluenzaA virus is suspected based oncurrent clinical andepidemiological screening criteriarecommended by public healthauthorities, specimens should becollected with appropriateinfection control precautions fornovel virulent Influenza virusesand sent to state or local healthdepartment for testing. Viralculture should not be attempted inthese cases unless a BSL 3+facility is available to receive andculture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, Influenza B, RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplificationand DetectionTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex real-time PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex real-time PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Control, Influenza BControl, Influenza A/B InternalControl, each prepared from invitro transcripts.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A RNA Control,Influenza B RNA Control, RSV ARNA Control, RSV B RNAControl and Internal RNAControl, each prepared from invitro transcripts.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AVirus Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix gene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza BVirus Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-structural NS1 and NS2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated extraction using theEZ1 DSP Virus Kit with the EZ1Advanced XL instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated extraction using theRoche MagNA Pure LC Systemwith the MagNA Pure TotalNucleic Acid Isolation Kit or thebioMerieux NucliSENSeasyMAG System with theAutomated Magnetic ExtractionReagents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplificationand DetectionInstrumentSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotor-Gene® Q MDx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid SmartCycler® II</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Studies

# Prospective clinical evaluation

The performance of the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test was established during a prospective study at 3 clinical laboratories in the United States during the 201011 respiratory virus season. Nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens were collected for routine influenza testing by each site. In this prospective study the reference method was standard viral culture (shell vial) followed by direct fluorescent antibody (DFA) screening and identification. Demographic details for this patient population are summarized in Table .

Table 5.3 General Demographic Data for Prospectively Collected Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Subjects</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138 (54%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116 (46%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 (35.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥5 and ≤21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 (41.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥22 and ≤59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 (20.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (2.8%)</td></tr></table>

A total of $2 5 4 ~ \mathrm { N P }$ swab specimens were evaluated. Of these, 60 specimens were positive by viral culture for influenza: 15 were positive for influenza A and 45 were positive for influenza B. The artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test identified all 15 influenza A specimens as positive for influenza A and all 45 influenza B specimens as positive for influenza B. There were no dual specimens identified by either the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test or the reference test in the prospective study.

Table 5.4 Influenza A results from prospective clinical evaluation   

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Reference method + Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">artus Infl A/B RG + RT-PCR test Total</td><td>15 $12a$ 4</td><td>27</td></tr><tr><td>0</td><td>227 227</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>239 254</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Sensitivity = 100% (95% confidence interval: 80100%) Specificity = 95.0% (95% confidence interval: 9197%)</td></tr></table>

a The artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test also identified an additional 12 culture-negative specimens as positive for influenza A. Ten of these 12 specimens were confirmed by bidirectional sequencing

Table 5.5 Influenza B results from prospective clinical evaluation   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Reference method + </td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">artus Infl A/B RG + RT-PCR test Total</td><td>45 11a</td><td>56</td></tr><tr><td>0</td><td>198 198</td></tr><tr><td>45</td><td>209 254</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Sensitivity = 100% (95% confidence interval: 92100%) Specificity = 94.7% (95% confidence interval: 9197%)</td></tr></table>

An additional 11 culture-negative specimens were identified as positive for influenza B. Six of these 11 specimens could not be confirmed by bidirectional sequencing. However, 3 of these specimens were positive in a validated, independent, real-time PCR reference test for influenza B.

# Retrospective clinical evaluation

A retrospective analyses was conducted. A total of 212 specimens from the 2009 and 2010 respiratory virus season were tested at 3 sites. After testing with the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test, aliquots of all specimens were sent to a central reference laboratory for reference testing using an FDA cleared molecular test.

A total of 208 specimens were positive for influenza by the reference test: 175 were positive for influenza A and 33 were positive for influenza B. The artus Infl A/B RG RTPCR test identified all 175 influenza A specimens as positive for influenza A and all 33 influenza B specimens as positive for influenza B.

Table 5.6 Influenza A results from retrospective clinical evaluation 1   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Reference method + </td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">artus Infl A/B RG + RT-PCR test Total</td><td>175 2a$</td><td>177</td></tr><tr><td>0 </td><td>35 35</td></tr><tr><td>175</td><td>37 212</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Positive agreement = 100% (95% confidence interval: 98100%) Negative agreement = 94.6% (95% confidence interval: 8299%)</td></tr></table>

a The artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test also identified an additional 2 specimens as positive for influenza A that were called negative or "No Call" by the molecular test.

Table 5.7 Influenza B results from retrospective clinical evaluation 1   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Reference method + Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">artus Infl A/B RG + RT-PCR test</td><td>33 2a 35</td></tr><tr><td>0 177 177</td></tr><tr><td>33 179 212</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Total Positive agreement = 100% (95% confidence interval: 90-100%) Negative agreement = 98.9% (95% confidence interval: 96-100%)</td></tr></table>

a An additional 2 specimens were identified as positive for influenza B that were called negative by the molecular test .

# Prospectively collected and archived clinical evaluation

A total of 462 well-characterized, de-identified, residual specimens were collected from August 2009 to May 2011 respiratory virus season. All specimens had been previously tested with FDA cleared molecular tests for routine patient management. These clinical results were used as the reference method. Demographic details for this patient population are summarized in Table 5.8

Table 5.8 General Demographic Data for Archived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Subjects</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190 (41%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272 (59%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (1.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥5 and ≤21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 (9.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥22 and ≤59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>327 (70.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 (18.4%)</td></tr></table>

A total of 110 specimens were positive for influenza by the reference method: 96 were positive for influenza A and 14 were positive for influenza B. The artus Infl A/B RG RT

PCR test identified 94 of the 96 influenza A specimens as positive for influenza A and all 14 influenza B specimens as positive for influenza B.

Table 5.9 Influenza A results from retrospective clinical evaluation 2   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Reference method + </td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">artus Infl A/B RG + RT-PCR test</td><td>94 19a</td><td>113</td></tr><tr><td>2 347</td><td>349</td></tr><tr><td>96 366</td><td>462</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Total Positive agreement = 97.9% (95% confidence interval: 93-99%) Negative agreement = 94.8% (95% confidence interval: 9297%)</td></tr></table>

a The artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test also identified an additional 19 specimens as positive for influenza A that were reported as negative during routine clinical testing.

Table 5.10 Influenza B results from retrospective clinical evaluation 2   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Reference method + </td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">artus Infl A/B RG + RT-PCR test Total</td><td>14 2a$</td><td>16</td></tr><tr><td>0 446</td><td>446</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>448 462</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Positive agreement = 100% (95% confidence interval: 79-100%) Negative agreement = 99.6% (95% confidence interval: 98100%)</td></tr></table>

a An additional 2 specimens were identified as positive for influenza B that were called negative during routine clinical testing.

# Non-clinical Studies

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test was evaluated using 3 investigational sites. A panel of 10 simulated specimens was provided for testing. Five of the specimens contained influenza A and the other 5 specimens contained influenza B. Each half of the panel included duplicate low-positive specimens at approximately 2 times the limit of detection (Low Pos #1 and #2), duplicate moderately positive specimens at approximately 10 times the limit of detection (Mod Pos #1 and #2), and one specimen well below the limit of detection for each analyte (Neg). The 10-member panel plus 3 controls were tested by 2 different technologists each day for 6 days. Therefore, 10 samples plus 3 controls, times 2 technologists, for 6 days, at 3 sites equals 468. The overall percent agreement for the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test was $9 9 . 4 \%$ (Table 5. , Table 5., Table 5. , Table 5.).

Table 5. 11 Reproducibility - site 1   

<table><tr><td>Agreement with Panel member expected result</td><td>Average CT</td><td>CV%</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza A Neg</td><td>29.54</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza A Low Pos #1</td><td>31.38</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza A Low Pos #2</td><td>31.47</td><td>1.5</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza A Mod Pos #1</td><td>29.20</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza A Mod Pos #2</td><td>29.17</td><td>1.2</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Neg 12/12</td><td>29.55</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza B Low Pos #1</td><td>30.35</td><td>1.2</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza B Low Pos #2</td><td>30.42</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza B Mod Pos #1</td><td>28.21</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza B Mod Pos #2</td><td>28.27</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza A Control</td><td>34.35</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza B Control</td><td>30.85</td><td>1.9</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Negative control</td><td>27.19</td><td>1.4</td></tr></table>

Table 5.3 Reproducibility - site 2   

<table><tr><td>Agreement with Panel member expected result</td><td>Average CT</td><td>CV%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Neg 11/12</td><td>29.89</td><td>2.5</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Low Pos #1 12/12</td><td>31.24</td><td>1.5</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Low Pos #2 12/12</td><td>31.35</td><td>1.2</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Mod Pos #1 12/12</td><td>29.17</td><td>1.4</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Mod Pos #2 12/12</td><td>29.16</td><td>1.4</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Neg 12/12</td><td>29.77</td><td>2.5</td></tr><tr><td>12/12 Influenza B Low Pos #1</td><td>30.39</td><td>1.2</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Low Pos #2 12/12</td><td>30.31</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Mod Pos #1 12/12</td><td>28.29</td><td>1.0</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Mod Pos #2 12/12</td><td>28.28</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Control 12/12</td><td>33.83</td><td>0.9</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Control 12/12</td><td>31.06</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td>Negative control 12/12</td><td>27.48</td><td>2.1</td></tr></table>

Table 5. 4 Reproducibility - site 3   
Table 5.5 Reproducibility - combined (sites 1  3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withPanel member           expected result          Average CT           CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Neg                       10/12                     29.89                 1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Low Pos #1             12/12                     31.45                 0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Low Pos #2             12/12                     31.35                 0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Mod Pos #1             12/12                     29.26                 1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Mod Pos #2             12/12                     29.45                 2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Neg                       12/12                     30.02                 1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Low Pos #1             12/12                     30.54                 1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Low Pos #2             12/12                      30.52                 1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Mod Pos #1             12/12                     28.46                 1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Mod Pos #2             12/12                      28.40                 1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Control                  12/12                      34.58                 2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Control                   12/12                     31.53                 2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative control                       12/12                     27.61                 1.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Agreement with expected Panel member result</td><td>Average CT</td><td>CV%</td><td>95% confidence interval</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Neg 33/36</td><td>29.76</td><td>2.2</td><td>78-97%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Low Pos #1 72/72</td><td>31.37</td><td>1.1</td><td>95-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Mod Pos #1 72/72</td><td>29.23</td><td>1.5</td><td>95100%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Neg. 36/36</td><td>29.78</td><td>2.1</td><td>90-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Low Pos #1 72/72</td><td>30.42</td><td>1.2</td><td>95-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Mod Pos #1 72/72</td><td>28.32</td><td>1.2</td><td>95-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Control 36/36</td><td>34.25</td><td>2.2</td><td>90-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B Control 36/36</td><td>31.14</td><td>2.3</td><td>90-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Negative control 36/36</td><td>27.42</td><td>1.8</td><td>90-100%</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

The limit of detection (LoD) of the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit was determined and confirmed for six influenza A strains (two strains representing each of the influenza A subtypes of H1N1, H3N2, and 2009 H1N1) and two influenza B strains. Samples were prepared from cultured virus diluted in nasopharyngeal clinical matrix. The LoD of each strain was initially determined by limiting dilution testing of three replicates per dilution level. The result was confirmed by testing an additional 20 replicates at the LoD concentration. The LoD, defined as the level of virus that yields at least a $9 5 \%$ (19/20) detection rate with the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit, ranged from 10el.1 to 10e-0.1 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ (Table 5.).

Table 5.6 Limit of detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza strain                                        LoD concentration (TCID50/ml*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Caledonia/20/1999 (H1N1)                                   10e0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane59/2007-like virus (H1N1)                               10e1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/8/68 (TC-adapted) (H3N2)                          10e0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Wisconsin/67/2005 (H3N2)                                         10e0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/7/09-like virus (2009 H1N1)                          10e0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hamburg/05/09 (2009 H1N1)                                       10e0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008-like virus                                         10e-0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/4/2006-like virus                                             10e0.9</td></tr></table>

\* Based on re-titered virus stock concentrations.

# Reactivity

The analytical reactivity of the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit was demonstrated by testing 18 strains of influenza A (including four strains originally identified in non-human species) and six strains of influenza B at concentrations near the limit of detection (LoD) of the test. Samples were prepared from cultured virus diluted in nasopharyngeal clinical matrix. Each viral strain was extracted and tested in triplicate. A $^ { 6 6 } + ^ { 9 9 }$ results indicates the concentration was detected positive in three of three replicates; a "" result indicates a negative response in each of the replicates (Table 5.).

Table 5.7 Analytical reactivity   

<table><tr><td>Influenza strain</td><td>Concentration</td><td>Influenza A Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td>A/Virginia/ATCC2/2009 (2009 H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10² TCIDs0/ml</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td>A/PR/8/34 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10' TCID50/ml</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td>A/FM/1/47 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10' CEID50/ml</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td>A/Solomon Islands/3/2006 like virus (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10 TCID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Mal/302/54 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10 CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/New Jersey/8/76 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 101 CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/NWS/33 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10² CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A1/Denver/1/57 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10³ CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Weiss/43 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 104 CEID50/ml +$</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Victoria x187 (H3N2)</td><td>1 x 101 TCID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A2/Aichi2/68 (H3N2)</td><td>1 x 10' CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Victoria/3/75 (H3N2)</td><td>1 x 10' CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Alice (H3N2)</td><td>1 x 10^{2EID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/MRC2 (H3N2)</td><td>1 x 10² 2 CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Turkey/Germany 176/95 - like (H9N2)</td><td>1 x 10° TCID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Duck/Potsdam 2243/84- like (H5N6)</td><td>1 x 100 TCID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Swine/Iowa/15/30 (H1N1)</td><td>1 x 10²2 CEIDso/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>A/Equine/2/Miami/63-like (H3N8)</td><td>1 x 104 CEID50/ml +</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>B/Lee/40</td><td>1 x 101 TCID50/ml</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td>B/Allen/45 1 x 10'</td><td>CEID50/ml</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td>B/Taiwan/2/62 1 x 10\$</td><td>CEID50/ml</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td>B/Hong Kong/5/72 1 x 101</td><td>CEID50/ml</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td>B/Maryland/1/59 1 x 101</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td>CEID50/ml 1 x 101 TCID50/ml</td><td>+ +</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

The potential for blood or medications that might be present in a nasopharyngeal swab specimen to interfere with the detection of low levels of influenza A or influenza B by the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test was evaluated. Human blood and substances representing the active ingredient in over-the-counter or prescription medications were tested. Each potentially interfering substance was evaluated in triplicate with each of two reference influenza strains, one influenza A strain and one influenza B strain. The reference influenza strains were successfully detected in all samples except for one aliquot containing the reference influenza B strain and Mupirocin at $1 0 \ m \mathrm { g / m l }$ The reference influenza B strain was successfully detected in three of three aliquots with Mupirocin at 2 $\mathrm { m g / m l } .$ (Mupirocin is an antibiotic ointment used to treat skin infections. The product tested contains Mupirocin at $2 0 \mathrm { m g / g . }$ . Substances tested are shown in Table 5..

Table 5.8 Potentially interfering substances   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description /Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visadron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v(125 μg/ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beclomet NasalAqua (nasal spray)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beclomethasonedipropionate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.73 μg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luffa opperculata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luffa opperculata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galphimia glauca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galphimia glauca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zanamivir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Infectopyoderm(ointment)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/ml,2mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramaxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 mg/ml</td></tr></table>

The human blood sample was stored frozen before testing.

# Analytical Specificity

The analytical specificity of the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit was evaluated by testing a panel of respiratory pathogens consisting of 21 non-target respiratory viruses and 18 bacterial strains. The pathogens were tested at medically relevant levels. Samples were prepared by diluting the cultured virus or bacteria in Universal Transport Medium. Each strain was extracted once and tested in triplicate. There were no false positive or invalid results among the 21 non-target respiratory viruses tested. Of the 18 bacterial strains evaluated, 16 were negative for influenza A and influenza B; two strains, Bordetella pertussis (at $1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { c f u } / \mathrm { m l } \overline { { ) } }$ and Streptococcus pneumoniae (at $2 \mathrm { \textbf { x } } \mathrm { \dot { 1 0 } } ^ { 5 } \mathrm { c f u / m i } ,$ , were invalid in three of three replicates. Each strain was prepared at a one-log lower concentration, extracted once, and tested in triplicate. At the lower concentration each strain generated valid negative results for influenza A and influenza B in three of three replicates (Table 5.).

Table 5.9 Analytical specificity   

<table><tr><td>Strain</td><td>Concentration Influenza A</td><td>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td>RSVA VR-26</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>RSVB VR-1400</td><td>10e4.45 TCIDso/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>PIV1 VR-94</td><td>10e3.45 TCID50/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>PIV2 VR-92</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>PIV3 VR-93</td><td>10e5.0 TCIDso/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>PIV4a VR-1378</td><td>10e3.95 TCID50/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ADVE 4 VR-1572</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Strain</td><td>Concentration</td><td>Influenza A</td><td>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td>ADVB 3 VR-3</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ADVC 5 VR-5</td><td>10e5.0 TCIDs0/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Echovirus 11 VR-41</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Rhinovirus 1a VR-1559</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Rhinovirus 39 VR-340</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Coxsackie B1 VR-28</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>229E VR-740</td><td>10e4.2 TCIDso/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>OC43 VR-1558</td><td>10e4.45 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>CMV VR-538</td><td>10e4.95 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>HSV VR-260</td><td>10e5.0 TCIDs0/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Varicella-zoster virus VR-1367</td><td>10e3.95 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>EBV VR-603</td><td>10e3.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Measels VR-24</td><td>10e3.2 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mumps virus VR-106</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Bordetella pertussis</td><td>10e3.0 cfu/ml</td><td>Invalid*</td><td>Invalid*</td></tr><tr><td>Bordetella pertussis</td><td>10e2.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td><td>10e5.0 TCID50/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Corynebacterium sp.</td><td>10e3.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Escherichia coli</td><td>10e6.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Hemophilus influenzae</td><td>10e6.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Lactobacillus sp.</td><td>10e3.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Legionella spp.</td><td>9 x 10e5.0 bacteria/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td>10e3.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mycobacterium tuberculosis avirulent</td><td>10e2.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td>10e3.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Neisseria ssp. #14685</td><td>10e2.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Neisseria meningitis</td><td>10e6.0 bacteria/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td>10e6.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus aureus Protein A producer</td><td>10e6.0 bacteria/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td>10e6.0 bacteria/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td>2 x 10e5.0 cfu/ml</td><td>Invalid*</td><td>Invalid*</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus</td><td>2 x 10e4 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>pneumoniae Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td>10e3.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td>10e6.0 cfu/ml</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

\* Samples were invalid because influenza A and influenza B results were negative and the $\mathbf { C } _ { \mathrm { { T } } }$ of the IC was outside of the acceptance range for specimen validity. A second concentration was tested successfully and is presented below the "invalid" sample.

# Competitive Inhibition

Competitive inhibition of the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test was evaluated by testing samples containing reference strains A/California/7/09-like virus or B/Florida/4/2006- like virus at the limit of detection (LoD) concentration of 10el $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ Samples containing the influenza A reference strain also contained high levels of one of three competing influenza B strains while samples containing the influenza B reference strain also contained high levels of one of seven competing influenza A strains. Samples were extracted once and tested in triplicate with the artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit.

Detection of the reference influenza A strain was inhibited when the competing influenza B strains B/Florida/4/2006-like virus or B/Brisbane/60/2008-like virus was present at 10e5 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ ; no inhibition was observed when the same competing virus strains were present at 10e4 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ . No inhibition was observed with the competing influenza B strain B/Malaysia/2506/2004. The reference influenza B strain was successfully detected in the presence of each of the seven competing Influenza A strains present at 10e5 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ (Table 5.).

Table 5.10 Competitive inhibition   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Competing virus strain</td><td colspan="2">Positive replicates/total replicates</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A Concentration reference (TCID50/ml) strain</td><td>Influenza B reference strain</td></tr><tr><td>A/California/7/09-like virus</td><td>10e5 n/a*</td><td>3/3</td></tr><tr><td>A/Hong Kong/8/68 (TC adapted)</td><td>10e5 n/a</td><td>3/3</td></tr><tr><td>A/PR/8/34</td><td>10e5 n/a</td><td>3/3</td></tr><tr><td>A2/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td>10e5 n/a</td><td>3/3</td></tr><tr><td>A/Solomon Islands/3/2006 (H1N1)-like virus</td><td>10e5 n/a</td><td>3/3</td></tr><tr><td>A/Duck/Potsdam 2243/84</td><td>10e5 n/a</td><td>3/3</td></tr><tr><td>A/Brisbane/59/2007 (H1N1)-like virus</td><td>10e5 n/a</td><td>3/3</td></tr><tr><td>B/Florida/4/2006-like virus</td><td>10e5 1/3</td><td>n/a</td></tr><tr><td>B/Florida/4/2006-like virus</td><td>10e4 3/3</td><td>n/a</td></tr><tr><td>B/Brisbane/60/2008-like</td><td>10e5 2/3</td><td>n/a</td></tr><tr><td>virus B/Brisbane/60/2008-like</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>virus B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td>10e4 3/3 10e5 3/3</td><td>n/a n/a</td></tr></table>

# Carryover / Cross Contamination

The artus Infl A/B RG RT-PCR test (including extraction using the EZ1 DSP Virus Kit with the EZ1 Advanced XL) showed no evidence of carryover or cross-contamination when 5 runs of a panel of 6 members of mock samples containing influenza A at a concentration just below the limit of detection of the assay were extracted and tested in alternating order with a panel of 6 members of mock samples of the same strain present at a high concentration.

Qiagen GmbH   
c/o Hina Patel   
Associate Director, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs   
1201 Clopper Road   
Gaithersburg, MD 20878

Re: k113323 Trade/Device Name: artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OOI, JJH Dated: October 24, 2011 Received: November 10, 2011

Dear Ms. Patel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above)into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Sace,p

Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k1 13323

Device Name: artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit

Indications for Use:

The artus® Infl A/B RG RT-PCR Kit is a multiplex real time PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and identification of Influenza A and Influenza B virus RNA in nasopharyngeal swab specimens using the Rotor-Gene® Q MDx instrument. The test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A and Influenza B viral infections in patients symptomatic for respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. It is not intended to detect Influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude respiratory virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established during the 2009/2010 and 2010/2011 flu seasons when Influenza A (H3N2) and Influenza A/2009 (H1N1) were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses emerge, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(Do Not Write Below This Line - Continue on Another Page if Needed)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

#

Division Sign-Off • Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety