# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST  Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
100 Rodolphe Street   
Durham, NC 27712   
Elizabeth (Betty) Landon   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 919-620-2329   
919-620-2548   
December 20, 2011

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

B. Device Name: FormalTrade Name: Classification Name:

VITEK® 2 AST - Gram Positive Penicilln for Streptococcus pneumoniae

21 CFR 866.1645   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test   
Product Code LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 Gram Positive Amoxicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae (K063597)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae is designed for antimicrobial susceptiblity testing of Streptococcus pneumoniae. It is intended for use with the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. The antimicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versons of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ViTEK 2 System automaticall fill, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK 2 Compact has a manualfilling, sealing and loading operation. The VITEK 2 Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MCvalue along with the interpretive category result oreach antibiotic contained n he card.

VITEK 2 Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSl broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the

Class I Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems, Guidance for industry and FDA, issued August 28, 2009.

The Premarket Notification (510(k)) presents data in support of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolat4es and stock challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK 2 Gram Positive Penicilli for Streptococcus pneumoniae by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms, as evidenced in the AST equivalency study presented in the VITEK 2 Compact 510(k), K050002. VITEK 2 Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 2 . 3 \%$ and $9 6 . 9 \%$ Category Agreement based on the pneumonia and meningitis breakpoints, respectively. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

bioMerieux, Inc. c/o Elizabeth Landon 100 Rodolphe Street Durham, NC 27712

Re: k113783 Trade Name: VITEK $\mathfrak { B }$ 2 AST  Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 1 6 4 5$ EPY Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: LON Dated: July 24, 2012 Received: July 26, 2012

Dear Ms. Landon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, the Sif A

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K 113 783

Device Name: VITEK® 2 AST - Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 \mu \mathfrak { g } / \mathfrak { m L } )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 AST  Gram Positive Penicilin for Streptococcus pneumoniae is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus pneumoniae. VITEK 2 AST - Gram Positive Penicillin for Streptococcus pneumoniae is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK® 2 an VITEK®  Compact Systems s a laboratory aid in the determination f in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Penicillin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganism listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumonia and meningitis)

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 and VIT EK 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus agalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.

Sivision Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) k113783