# Section 05, 510(k) Summary

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7910 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Quality Affairs   
1055 East State Street   
Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300  Corporate number   
740-589-3373 - Desk phone   
740-593-8437 - Fax   
lollar@dhiusa.com

Date of preparation of 510(k) summary: December 16, 2011

# Device Name:

Trade name  Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay   
Classification name  Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay   
Product Code - OZE   
Regulation - 21 CFR 866.3980

Legally marketed devices to which equivalence is claimed:

# Gen-Probe Prodesse ProFlu $+$ (k092500)

The $\mathrm { P r o F l u ^ { T M } + }$ Assay is a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection and discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test is intended for use to aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect Influeniza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza or RSV virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that negative RSV results be confirmed by culture.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Intended Use:

The Quidel® Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR assay for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B viral RNA in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and influenza B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay does not detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2010 to 201 1 influenza season when influenza A/H3 and 2009 H1N1 influenza were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Device Description:

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay detects viral RNA that have been extracted from a patient sample using the NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ automated extraction platform. A multiplex RT-PCR reaction is carried out under optimized conditions in a single tube generating amplicons for each of the target viruses present in the sample. This reaction is performed utilizing the Cepheid SmartCycler® II platform. Identification of influenza A occurs by the use of target specific primers and a fluorescent- labeled probe that hybridizes to a conserved influenza A sequence within the matrix protein gene. Identification of influenza B occurs by the use of target specific primers and fluorescentlabeled probes that will hybridize to a conserved influenza B sequence within the neuraminidase gene.

The following is a summary of the procedure:

1. Sample Collection: Obtain nasal swabs and nasopharyngeal swabs specimens using standard techniques from symptomatic patients. These specimens are transported, stored, and processed according to established laboratory procedures.

2. Nucleic Acid Extraction: Extract Nucleic Acids from the specimens with the NucliSENS easyMAG System following the manufacturer's instructions using the appropriate reagents.

Prior to the extraction procedure add $2 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the Process Control (PRC) to each $1 8 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquot of specimen. The PRC serves to monitor inhibitors in the extracted specimen, assures that adequate amplification has taken place and that nucleic acid extraction was sufficient.

3. Rehydration of Master Mix: Rehydrate the lyophilized Master Mix using $1 3 5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of Rehydration Solution. The Master Mix contains oligonucleotide primers, fluorophore and quencher-labeled probes targeting highly conserved regions of the influenza A and influenza B viruses as well as the process control sequence. The primers are complementary to highly specific and conserved regions in the genome of these viruses. The probes are dual labeled with a reporter dye attached to the 5'end and a quencher attached to the $_ 3 \mathrm { ^ , }$ end. The rehydrated Master Mix is sufficient for eight reactions.

4. Nucleic Acid Amplification and Detection: Add $1 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the rehydrated Master Mix to each reaction tube. ${ 5 \mu \mathrm { L } }$ of extracted nucleic acids (specimen with PRC) is then added to the tube. Then place the tube into the Cepheid SmartCycler II.

Once the reaction tubes are added to the instrument, the assay protocol is initiated. This protocol initiates reverse transcription of the RNA targets generating complementary DNA, and the subsequent amplification of the target amplicons occurs. The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathtt { A } { + } \mathtt { B }$ assay is based on TaqMan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ chemistry, and uses an enzyme with reverse transcriptase, DNA polymerase, and $5 ^ { \bullet } { \cdot } 3 ^ { \bullet }$ exonuclease activities. During DNA amplification, this enzyme cleaves the probe bound to the complementary DNA sequence, separating the quencher dye from the reporter dye. This step generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation by a light source of the appropriate wavelength. With each cycle, additional dye molecules are separated from their quenchers resulting in additional signal. If sufficient fluorescence is achieved by 45 cycles, the sample is reported as positive for the detected nucleic acid.

# Device Comparison

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ assay was compared to Prodesse $\mathrm { P r o F l u ^ { + } }$ ("Comparator Device"). The characteristics of Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ assay ("Subject Device") and Prodesse ProFlu+ ("Predicate Device") are described in Table 5.1, below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 5.1:Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceQuidel Molecular InfluenzaA+B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Quidel® Influenza A andB virus RT-PCR Kit is amultiplex Real Time RT-PCRassay for the in vitroqualitative detection andidentification of influenza Aand influenza B viral RNA innasal and nasopharyngealswabs from patients with signsand symptoms of respiratoryinfection,. This test isintended for use as an aid inthe differential diagnosis ofinfluenza A and influenza Bviral infections in humans inconjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors.The assay does not detect thepresence of influenza C virus.Negative results do notpreclude influenza virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ProFluTM+ Assay is amultiplex Real-Time PCR(RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostictest for the rapid andqualitative detection anddiscrimination of Influenza AVirus, Influenza B Virus, andRespiratory Syncytial Virus(RSV) nucleic acids isolatedand purified fromnasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens obtained fromsymptomatic patients. Thistest is intended for use to aidin the differential diagnosis ofInfluenza A, Influenza B andRSV viral infections inhumans and is not intended todetect Influenza C.Negative results do notpreclude influenza or RSV</td></tr></table>

Sec05_QM_FluA-B Li.doc

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 5.1: Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceQuidel Molecular InfluenzaA+B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>infection and should not beused as the sole basis fordiagnosis, treatment or otherpatient management decisions.Performance characteristics forinfluenza A were establishedduring the 2010 to 2011influenza season wheninfluenza A/H3 and 2009H1N1 influenza were thepredominant influenza Aviruses in circulation. Whenother influenza A viruses areemerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novelinfluenza A virus is suspectedbased on current clinical andepidemiological screeningcriteria recommended bypublic health authorities,specimens should be collectedwith appropriate infectioncontrol precautions for novelvirulent influenza viruses andsent to state or local healthdepartments for testing. Viralculture should not beattempted in these cases unlessa BSL3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>virus infection and should notbe used as the sole basis fortreatment or othermanagement decisions. It isrecommended that negativeRSV results be confirmed byculture.Performance characteristicsfor Influenza A Virus wereestablished when InfluenzaA/H3 and A/H1 were thepredominant Influenza Aviruses in circulation. Whenother Influenza A viruses areemerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novelInfluenza A virus is suspectedbased on current clinical andepidemiological screeningcriteria recommended bypublic health authorities,specimens should be collectedwith appropriate infectioncontrol precautions for novelvirulent Influenza viruses andsent to state or local healthdepartment for testing. Viralculture should not beattempted in these casesunless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive andculture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus, influenza Bvirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus, influenza Bvirus, respiratory syncytialvirus</td></tr></table>

# Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 5.1: Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuidel Molecular InfluenzaA+B Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasal swab andnasopharyngeal swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasopharyngeal swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExtractionMethods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux easyMAGAutomated MagneticExtraction Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche MagNA Pure LC TotalNucleic Acid Isolation Kit orthe bioMérieux easyMAGAutomated MagneticExtraction Reagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system fordetecting the presence orabsence of viral RNA inclinical specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system fordetecting the presence orabsence of viral RNA inclinical specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay using differentreporter dyes for each target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay usingdifferent reporter dyes foreach target</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: Matrix Gene;Influenza B: NeuraminidaseGene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: Matrix Gene;Influenza B: Non-structuralNS1 and NS2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The analytical sensitivity (limitof detection or LoD) of theQuidel Molecular InfluenzaA+B assay was determinedusing quantified (TCID5o/mL)cultures of 3 influenza Astrains (1 H1N1, 1 2009HIN1and 1 H3N2), 3 influenza Bstrains, serially diluted innegative nasopharyngealmatrix. Each dilution wasextracted in replicates of 20per concentration of virususing the NucliSENSeasyMAG System and testedon Cepheid SmartCycler® II.Analytical sensitivity (LoD),as defined as the lowest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The analytical sensitivity(limit of detection or LoD) ofthe ProFlu+ Assay wasdetermined using quantified(TCIDso/mL) cultures of 4Influenza A (2 H1N1 and 2H3N2), 2 Influenza B, 2Respiratory Syncytial VirusType A, and 2 RespiratorySyncytial Virus Type Bstrains serially diluted innasopharyngeal clinicalmatrix. Each viral strain wasextracted using the RocheMagNA Pure LC instrumentand tested in replicates of 20per concentration of virus.Analytical sensitivity (LoD),</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">concentration at which 95% ofall replicates tested positive,ranged from 10' to 10%TCID50/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">as defined as the lowestconcentration at which 95%of all replicates testedpositive, ranged from 102 to10-1 TCID50/mL.</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance:

# Precision/Reproducibility:

The reproducibility of the Quidel Molecular Influenza A and B assay was evaluated at 3 laboratory sites. Reproducibility was assessed using a panel of 4 simulated samples that include medium (5x LoD) and low (2x LoD), high negative (0.3x LoD) influenza A (A/Mexico/4108/2009), influenza B (B/Florida/04/2006) and negative samples. Panels and controls were tested at each site by 2 operators for 5 days (triplicate testing $\tt { x 2 }$ operators x 5 days x 3 sites $= 9 0$ results per level for each virus). The LoD values are based on the values obtained in the LoD study. The panels and controls were extracted using the bioMérieux easyMAG system and tested on the Cepheid SmartCycler II.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Table 5.2:Reproducibility Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AHighNegative0.3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/30(3 positiveresults)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/30(4positiveresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/30(2 positiveesults)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ALowPositive2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AMedPositive5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ANegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BHighNegative0.3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/30(1.positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/30(4 positiveresults)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/90</td></tr></table>

Sec05_QM_FluA-B Li.doc

# Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Table 5.2: Reproducibility Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%C.V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>result)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BLowPositive2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BMedPositive5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza APositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BPositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td></tr></table>

The data from the combined sites indicates that the Quidel Molecular assay generates reproducible results for both influenza A and influenza B viruses when tested with the Cepheid SmartCycler II.

# Limit of Detection

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ assay was determined using quantified $\mathrm { ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ cultures of three influenza A strains (1 H1N1, 1 2009H1N1 and 1 H3N2) and three influenza B strains, serially diluted in negative nasopharyngeal matrix. Each dilution was extracted using the NucliSENS easyMAG System in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus and tested on the Cepheid SmartCycler II platform. Analytical sensitivity (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 5.3:  Final TCID50 LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final LOD (TCIDs/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1/Mal/302/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00E+00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40E+01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/3/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10E+01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00E+00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/RCHIN 8/05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80E+00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/25/06/04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30E+00</td></tr></table>

# Analytical reactivity (inclusivity)

The reactivity of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ assay was evaluated against multiple strains of influenza A, and influenza B viruses. The clinical panel consisted of 10 Influenza A subtype H1N1, 2 Influenza A subtype 2009H1N1, 8 Influenza A subtype H3N2, 2 Influenza A subtype H5N1, 13 Influenza B, strains. An additional panel of non-clinical restricted isolates was also tested. Each panel member was extracted using the NucliSens easyMAG instrument and tested in triplicate.

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $A + B$ assay detected $100 \%$ of the influenza A (38/38) and influenza B strains (15/15) at $\mathrm { i } 0 ^ { 2 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ levels including novel, pandemic and avian influenza A strains and recent circulating influenza B strains.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 5.4: Clinical Panel Influenza A viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2009 H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1NIA/California/07/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/NewCaledonia/20/1999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIN1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/PR/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/NWS/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Denver/1/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/FM/1/47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80E÷02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2009 H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1/Mal/302/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.19E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.39E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/SolomonIslands/3/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Aichi/2/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Quidel Corporation

# Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 5.4: Clinical Panel Influenza A viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.83E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Uruguay/7/16/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/3/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.5: Clinical Panel Influenza B viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/HongKong/5/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Panama/45/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/02/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/07/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/25/06/04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.41E÷02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Maryland/1/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Allen/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Russia/69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Mass/3/66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/GL/1739/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.30E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 5.6: Non-clinical Restricted viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WI/629-9/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WI/629-2/2008(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIN1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WI/629-S7(D02473)/2009(H1Nlpdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WI/629-S5(D02312)/2009(H1N1pdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H2N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/NY/6750/78 (H2N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H7N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/NJ/15086-3/94 (H7N3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Sec05_QM_FluA-B Li.doc

# Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 5.6: Non-clinical Restricted viruses0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H9N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/NJ/12220/97 (H9N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H4N8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/OH/338/86(H4N8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H6N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/CA/431/00(H6N2):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H8N4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Blue WingedTeal/LA/B1 74/86(H8N4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Anhui/01/2005(H5N1)-PR8-IBCDC-RG5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HI0N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/GWT/LA/169GW/88 (H10N7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H11N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/NJ/15906-9/96 (H11N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HI2N5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Duck/LA/188D/87(H12N5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E÷02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H13N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Gull/MD/704/77(H13N6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H14N5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/GurjevRussia/262/82 (H14N5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H15N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Shearwater/Australia/2576/79 (H15N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H16N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Shorebird/DE/172/2006(H16N3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Analytical specificity (cross-reactivity)

The analytical specificity of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ assay was evaluated by testing a panel consisting of 26 viral, 24 bacterial, and 1 yeast strain representing common respiratory pathogens or flora commonly present in harynx.Baceria nd yast were este at ontrains f 10 t 1010 $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Viruses were tested at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 3 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . Samples were extracted using the NucliSens easyMAG instrument and tested in triplicate. Analytical specificity of the Quidel Molecular influenza $\mathtt { A } { + } \mathtt { B }$ assay was $100 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.7: Quidel Molecular influenza A+B assay Cross-reactivity Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV AI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Long</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Washington</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 1/Adenoid 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.67E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43E÷06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B5/10/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.76E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.38E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,000cp/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV Type 1 Mac Inytre strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV Type 2 G strain•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubeola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.78E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.43E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.10E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.57E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varicella Zoster Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium intracellulare</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.90E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.60E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36E+10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.90E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.7:Quidel Molecular influenza A+B assay Cross-reactivity Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.15E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria menigitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria mucosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.80E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.85E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diptheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0E÷05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. 4.5E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.15E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance:

# Prospective Clinical Study

Performance characteristics of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathtt { A } { + } \mathtt { B }$ assay using the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II instrument were established during a prospective study during the 2010-2011 respiratory virus season (January to March 2011). Samples used for this study were fresh nasal (427) and nasopharyngeal (352) swab specimens that were collected for routine influenza testing at thirteen sites across the United States. A single specimen was collected per patient and tested within 72-hours of collection at one central location.

A comparator method (a high performance FDA Cleared Influenza A and B molecular test) was used in the evaluation of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ assay.

Seven hundred and seventy-nine (779) fresh specimens (427 nasal swabs and 352 nasopharyngeal swabs) were tested by both the subject and comparator device for influenza A and influenza B virus viral RNA. Twelve of these specimens were invalid on initial testing with the subject device $( 1 . 5 \% )$ . Retesting of the specimens according to the Interpretation algorithm described above also yielded invalid results. Twenty-three specimens were invalid on initial and repeat testing (as per the device's Pl) on the comparator device $( 3 . 0 \% )$ . Nine specimens were invalid in both devices, therefore, a total of twenty-six invalid specimens have been removed from additional analysis. The table below details the results for the remaining 753 specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.8: Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal andnasopharyngeal swabs(N=753)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA Cleared RT-PCR device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Molecular</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>588</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>753.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157/157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>588/596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% to 99.4%</td></tr></table>

\*Eight specimens were negative by FDA Cleared RT-PCR device but positive for influenza A by sequence analysis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.9: Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh nasal andnasopharyngeal swabs(N=753)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA Cleared RT-PCR device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel Molecular</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>602</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>753</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123/125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3% to 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600/628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6% to 97.0%</td></tr></table>

\*Twenty-six specimens were negative by FDA Cleared RT-PCR device but positive for influenza B by sequence analysis. Two specimens were negative by FDA Cleared RT-PCR device but negative for influenza B by sequence analysis.

The prospective clinical study had a dual infection rate for Influenza A and Influenza B of $2 . 4 \%$ (18/753) using the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ EY Assay. Three of these dual infections were concordant with the FDA Cleared RT-PCR device comparator assay. Three of these dual infections were discordant with the Influenza A results from the FDA Cleared RT-PCR device comparator assay. Twelve of these dual infections were discordant with the Influenza B results from the FDA Cleared RT-PCR device comparator assay.

# Retrospective Study

Performance of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $A + B$ assay using the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II instrument were also evaluated during a retrospective study of frozen specimens collected during the 2010-2011 respiratory virus season (January to March of 201 1). Samples tested in this study were frozen nasopharyngeal (356) swab specimens that were collected for routine influenza testing.

For this study the comparator method was high performance FDA Cleared influenza A and B molecular device.

Three hundred fifty six (356) frozen nasopharyngeal swabs were tested by both the subject and comparator devices for influenza A and influenza B virus viral RNA. Two of these specimens were invalid on initial testing with the subject device $( 0 . 6 \% )$ .Re-testing of the specimens according to the Interpretation algorithm described above also yielded invalid results. Two specimens were invalid on initial and repeat testing (as per the device's Pl) on the comparator device $( 0 . 6 \% )$ . The invalid specimens were removed from performance analyses. The table below details the results for the remaining 352 specimens.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 5.10: Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen nasopharyngealswab (N=352)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator: FDA Cleared RT-PCR device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Molecular</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">352</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37/37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.5% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315/315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 5.11: Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen nasopharyngealswab (N=352)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator: FDA Cleared RT-PCR device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Molecular</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">309</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">310</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">314</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">352</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37/38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.2% to 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">309/314</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.3% to 99.5%</td></tr></table>

\*Five specimens were negative by FDA Cleared RT-PCR device but positive for influenza B by sequence analysis.

# CONCLUSIONS

Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf A + \mathbf B$ Assay using the Cepheid SmartCycler $\mathfrak { Q }$ II instrument yielded good positive and negative percent agreement when compared to a high performance FDA Cleared Influenza A and B molecular test.

Re: K113777 Trade/Device Name: Quidel® Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZE, OOI Dated: December 16, 2011 Received: December 21, 2011

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter

Page 2 - Ronald H. Lollar

will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M. Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 510(k) Number k113777:

# Device Name: Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay

# Indication for Use:

The Quidel® Molecular Influenza $\mathsf { A } { + } \mathsf { B }$ assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR assay for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B viral RNA in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and influenza B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay does not detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2010 to 2011 influenza season when influenza A/H3 and 2009 H1N1 influenza were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-CounterUbpart C) (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)