# BD Veritor™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ Clinical Laboratory Product

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY   
10865 Road to the Cure, Suite 200   
San Diego, CA 92121   
Phone: 858-795-7890   
Fax: 858-812-8505

Gregory Payne

March 15, 2012

CONTACT NAME: DATE PREPARED: DEVICE TRADE NAME: DEVICE COMMON NAME: DEVICE CLASSIFICATION: PREDICATE DEVICES:

BD Veritor™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ nfluenza virus serological reagents

21. CFR $\ S$ 866.3330

Quidel QuickVue Influenza $A + B$

# INTENDED USE:

The BD Veritor™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the direct and qualitative detection of influenza A and B viral nucleoprotein antigens from nasopharyngeal wash/aspirates of symptomatic patients. The BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ is a differentiated test, such that influenza A viral antigens can be distinguished from influenza B viral antigens from a single processed sample using a single device. The test is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. A negative test is presumptive and it is recommended that these results be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative test results do not preclude influenza viral infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. The test is not intended to detect influenza C antigens.

Performance characteristics for influenza A and B were established during January through March of 2011 when influenza viruses A/2009 H1N1, AH3N2, BVictoria lineage, and B/Yamagata lineage were the predominant influenza viruses in circulation according to the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report from the CDC. entitled "Update: Influenza Activity—United States, 2010-2011 Season, and Composition of the 2011-2012 Influenza Vaccine." Performance characteristics may vary against other emerging influenza viruses.

If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Virus culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The BD Flu $A + B$ test is a chromatographic assay to qualitatively detect influenza A and B viral antigens in samples processed from respiratory specimens. The processed specimen is added to the test device where influenza A or influenza B viral antigens bind to antiinfluenza antibodies conjugated to detector particles on the $A + B$ test strip. The antigenconjugate complex migrates across the test strip to the reaction area and is captured by an antibody line on the membrane. Results are interpreted by the BD Veritor ™m System Reader, a portable electronic device which uses a reflectance-based measurement method to evaluate the line signal intensities on the assay test strip, and applies specific algorithms to determine the presence or absence of any target analyte(s). A liquid crystal display (LCD) on the instrument communicates the results to the operator.

# DEVICE COMPARISON:

The BD Veritor™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ was compared to the Quidel QuickVue Influenza $A + B$ test (k053146 and k092698).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductFeature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor™ System for Flu A+B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quidel QuickVue Influenza A+B (k053146)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD Veritor ™ System for Rapid Detection ofFlu A+B is a rapid chromatographicimmunoassay for the direct and qualitativedetection of influenza A and B viral nucleoproteinantigens from nasopharyngeal wash/aspirates ofsymptomatic patients. The BD Veritor Systemfor Rapid Detection of Flu A+B is a differentiatedtest, such that influenza A viral antigens can bedistinguished from influenza B viral antigens froma single processed sample using a single device.The test is to be used as an aid in the diagnosisof influenza A and B viral infections. A negativetest is presumptive and it is recommended thatthese results be confirmed by viral culture or anFDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay.Negative test results do not preclude influenzaviral infection and should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or other patient managementdecisions. The test is not intended to detectinfluenza C antigens.Performance characteristics for influenza A andB were established during January throughMarch of 2011 when influenza viruses A/2009H1N1, A/H3N2, B/Victoria lineage, andB/Yamagata lineage were the predominantinfluenza viruses in circulation according to theMorbidity and Mortality Weekly Report from the.CDC entitled &quot;Update: Influenza Activity—UnitedStates, 2010-2011 Season, and Composition ofthe 2011-2012 Influenza Vaccine.&quot; Performancecharacteristics may vary against other emerginginfluenza viruses.If infection with a novel influenza virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteria recommendedby public health authorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulent influenza virusesand sent to the state or local health departmentfor testing. Virus culture should not be attemptedin these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive and culture specimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QuickVue® Influenza A+B test allows forthe rapid, qualitative detection of influenzatype A and type B antigens directly from nasalswab, nasopharyngeal swab, nasal aspirate,and nasal wash specimens. The test isintended for use as an aid in the rapiddifferential diagnosis of acute influenza type Aand type B viral infections. The test is.notintended to detect influenza C antigens.Negative results should be confirmed by cellculture; they do not preclude influenza virusinfection and should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or other managementdecisions. The test is intended for professionaland laboratory use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal wash/aspirates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab, nasalwash/aspirate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatographic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatographic</td></tr></table>

BD Diagnostic Systems Becton, Dickinson and Company

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionFormat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An opto-electronic reader determines the lineintensity at each of the spatially-defined test andcontrol line positions, interprets the results usingthe scoring algorithm, and reports a positive,negative, or invalid result on the LCD screenbased on pre-set thresholds.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual determination of presence or absenceof pink-to-red Test Line and the appearance ofa blue Procedural Control Line on the test stripindicate the presence of influenza A and/or Bantigen.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total AssayTime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than 15 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Flu A+/B- dry swab procedural controlKit Flu B+/A- dry swab procedural controlInternal positive controlInternal negative control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Flu A+ control swabKit Flu B+ control swabKit Negative control swabInternal control lines</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofFlu A and Bviruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differentiated influenza A and influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differentiated influenza A and influenza B</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA:

# Analytical Sensitivity

The limit of detection (LOD) for the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test was established for a total of 7 influenza strains: 4 influenza A and 3 influenza B. The LOD for each strain represents the lowest concentration producing a positivity rate of approximately $9 5 \%$ based on testing 20 to 60 replicates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Viral Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalculatedLOD(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.Positive/ Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/10/2007H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.27 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/59/2007H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/7/2009H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVictoria/3/75 H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.11 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.42 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/4/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.44 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

$\overline { { \mathsf { C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } = 5 0 \% } }$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose

# Analytical Specificity

A panel of 52 influenza viral strains including 20 Influenza A strains and 32 Influenza B strains were evaluated in triplicate with the BD Veritor ™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test.AllInfluenza A viruses and all Influenza B viruses were correctly detected by the test.

# Cross Reactivity

A total of 51 microorganisms (36 bacteria, one yeast, and 14 viruses) were tested in triplicate with the BD Veritor ™M System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test. None of the microorganisms tested were shown to be cross reactive with the test.

# Interfering Substances

A variety of substances including whole blood, prescription medications and over-thecounter (OTC) medications, were tested with the BD Veritor ™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test in triplicate at concentration levels comparable to or greater than levels that may be present in patient respiratory samples. None of the substances evaluated were shown to interfere with the performance of the test.

# Media Compatibility

Ten different types of transport media commonly used for the preservation and transport of respiratory specimens were evaluated for compatibility with the BD Veritor ™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test. The effects of frozen storage of transport media samples on the stability of the antigen were also evaluated in this study.

# CLINICAL STUDIES Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test was evaluated at three clinical laboratory sites. The reproducibility panel was composed of 30 simulated influenza A or B samples. These included moderate positive samples, low positive samples (near the assay limit of detection), high negative samples (i.e., containing very low concentrations of virus such that positive results occur $\sim 5 \%$ of the time) and negative samples. The results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Reproducibility Results - Percent of Flu A Positives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High negativeHN1 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3% (1/30)(0.6%,16.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/30)(0.0%,11.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/30)(0.0%,11.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1% (1/90)(0.2%,6.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low positive H1N1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% (28/30)(78.7%,98.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7% (26/30)(70.3%,94.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% (28/30)(78.7%,98.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1% (82/90)(83.4%,95.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate positiveH1N1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)(88.6%,100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% (29/30)(83.3%,99.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)(88.6%,100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% (89/90)(94.0%,99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High negativeH3N2 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7% (5/30)(7.3%,33.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3% (1/30)(0.6%,16.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/30)(0.0%,11.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7% (6/90)(3.1%,13.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low positive H3N2A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% (28/30)(78.7%,98.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7% (26/30)(70.3%,94.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% (28/30)(78.7%,98.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1% (82/90)(83.4%,95.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate positiveH3N2 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)(88.6%100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)(88.6%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% (29/30)(83.3%,99.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% (89/90)(94.0%,99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8% (1/120)(0.1%,4.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/120)(0.0%3.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/119)(0.0%,3.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3% (1/359)(0.0%,1.6%)</td></tr></table>

BD Diagnostic Systems Becton, Dickinson and Company

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Reproducibility Results - Percent of Flu B Positives</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High negative B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3% (1/30)(0.6%,16.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/30)(0.0%,11.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/30)(0.0%,11.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1% (1/90)(0.2%,6.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low positive B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0% (27/30)(74.4%,96.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.3% (19/30)(45.5%,78.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8% (24/29)(65.5%,92.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.7% (70/89)(69.0%,85.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderatepositive B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% (29/30)(83.3%,99.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)(88.6%,100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)(88.6%,100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% (89/90)(94.0%,99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/210)(0%,1.8.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/210)(0.0%,1.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/210)(0.0%,1.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/630)(0.0%,0.6%)</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance

# EXPECTED VALUES

The rate of positivity observed in respiratory testing will vary depending on the method of specimen collection, handling/transport system employed, detection method utilized, the time of year, age of the patient, geographic location, and most importantly, local disease prevalence. The overall prevalence observed with an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay in the U.S. during the 2010-2011 clinical study was $23 . 9 \%$ for influenza A and $7 . 5 \%$ for influenza B. At the clinical site located in Hong Kong, the prevalence observed with the same FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay was $7 . 2 \%$ for influenza A and $3 . 4 \%$ for influenza B.

# PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

# Clinical Performance:

Performance characteristics for the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test were established in multi-center clinical studies conducted at two U.S. trial sites and one Hong Kong trial site during the 2010-2011 respiratory season. A total of 1502 prospective specimens (1002 in the U.S and 500 in Hong Kong) were evaluated using the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test and PCR. Five specimens were not evaluable because of data reconciliation issues, an additional 13 were excluded because of insufficient sample volume for reference method testing and 13 samples were excluded as "Result Invalid" (for an invalid rate of $0 . 9 \%$ [13/1484]). The prospective specimens consisted of nasopharyngeal washes and aspirates from symptomatic patients. $49 \%$ of the samples were from females and $51 \%$ from males. $56 . 6 \%$ were from patients less than or equal to 5 years of age. $2 1 . 9 \%$ of the patients tested were in the 6-21 year age group, $5 . 7 \%$ were from 22-59 years of age and $1 5 . 8 \%$ were obtained from people greater than or equal to age 60 (the patient age was not provided for $0 . 1 \%$ of samples).

The performance of the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test was compared to an FDA-cleared Influenza A and B molecular assay (PCR).

# Explanation of Terms:

PPA: Positive Percent Agreement $= a / ( a + c ) \times 1 0 0 \%$   
NPA: Negative Percent Agreement $= \mathsf { d } / \left( \mathsf { b } { + } \mathsf { d } \right) \times 1 0 0 \%$   
P: Positive   
N: Negative   
C.I.: Confidence Interval

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New TestMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(a+c)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(b+d)</td></tr></table>

The performance is presented in Table 1 below. .

Table 1: Summary of the Performance of the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ Test Compared to PCR for All Nasopharyngeal Wash/Aspirate Specimens - All Sites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical kit:BD Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>253</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1218</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1471</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method: PCR.PPA: 83.0% (95% C.I. 78.0%- 87.0%)NPA: 97.6% (95% C.I. 96.6%- 98.3%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>. Reference PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical kit:BD Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1394</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1471</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method: PCRPPA: 81.3% (95% C.I. 72.1%- 88.0%)NPA: 99.8% (95% C.I. 99.4%- 99.9%)</td></tr></table>

An additional 263 frozen retrospective specimens were evaluated with the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ test. Twelve samples were excluded because there was insufficient sample volume for reference method testing, one sample was excluded as a PCR "Unresolved" and one sample was excluded as "Result Invalid" (for an invalid rate of $0 . 4 \%$ [1/250]). The retrospective specimens consisted of nasopharyngeal washes and aspirates from symptomatic patients. $4 4 . 9 \%$ of the samples were from females and $5 5 . 1 \%$ EY from males. $8 7 . 5 \%$ were from patients less than or equal to 5 years of age.

The performance is presented in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Summary of the Performance of the BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ Test Compared to PCR for Retrospective Nasopharyngeal Wash/Aspirate Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical kit:BD Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method: PCRPPA: 92.1% (95% C.I. 82.7%- 96.6%)NPA: 98.9% (95% C.I. 96.2%- 99.7%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical kit:BD Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reference Method: PCRPPA: 74.0% (95% C.I. 58.9%- 85.4%)NPA: 99.0% (95% C.I. 96.6%-99.7%)</td></tr></table>

Becton, Dickinson and Company   
c/o Gregory P. Payne, RAC   
Director, Quality Systems and Regulatory Affairs   
10865 Road to the Cure, Suite 200   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: k120049 Trade/Device Name: BD Veritor™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $\mathbf { A } { \boldsymbol { \cdot } } + \mathbf { B }$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GNX Dated: January 5, 2012 Received: January 6, 2012

Dear Mr. Payne:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Nahatts

Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number: k120049

Device Name: BD Veritor ™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu A+B

# Indications for Use:

The BD Veritor ™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu $A + B$ is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the direct and qualitative detection of influenza A and B viral nucleoprotein antigens from nasopharyngeal wash/aspirates of symptomatic patients. The BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of Flu A+B is a differentiated test, such that influenza A viral antigens can be distinguished from influenza B viral antigens from a single processed sample using a single device. The test is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. A negative test is presumptive and it is recommended that these results be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative test results do not preclude influenza viral infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. The test is not intended to detect influenza C antigens.

Performance characteristics for influenza A and B were established during January through March of 2011 when influenza viruses A/2009 H1N1, A/H3N2, BVictoria lineage, and B/Yamagata lineage were the predominant influenza viruses in circulation according to the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report from the CDC entitled "Update: Influenza Activity——United States, 2010-2011 Season, and Composition of the 2011-2012 Influenza Vaccine." Performance characteristics may vary against other emerging influenza viruses.

If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Virus culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use √ AND/OR Over-the-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)