K121100

BIOMERIEUX

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jocelyn Jennings   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs 919-620-2894   
919-620-2548   
April 5, 2012

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

B Device Name: Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin (≤ 0.125 - 8 μg/ml)

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-ST Vancomycin

C.Predicate Device:

VITEK 2 AST-GP Amoxicillin K063597

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { o } } 2$ AST Streptococcus Vancomycin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing o Streptococcus species. VITEK® 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin is a quantitative test intended fo ue ith the VITE®  and VITE® Copac Systems as a laboatory id n determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Vancomycin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections Viridans group streptococci

In vitro data are available, but their clinical significance is unknown   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus pyogenes

The antimicrobial presented in VITEK 2 AST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The bacterial isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 0 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK 2 System automaticallyfills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK 2 Compact has a manualflling and sealing operation. The VITEK 2 monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours).At the completion of the incubation cycle, a repor is generated that contains the MiC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK.2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class Il Special Controls Guidance Document:Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA, Issued August 28, 2009.

The Premarket Notification $[ 5 1 0 ( k ) ]$ presents data in support of VITEK 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin.An external evaluation was conducted with fresh clinical isolates and stock chalenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin by comparing its performance with the CLSl broth microdilution reference method. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument platforms. VITEK 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin demonstrated acceptable performance of $100 \%$ overall Category Agreement. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results using both the VITEK 2 and VITEK 2 Compact instrument systems.

bioMerieux, Inc.   
C/O Jocelyn Jennings, Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood MO 63042

Re: K121100 VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ AST Streptococcus Vancomycin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: November 8, 2012 Received: November 9, 2012

Dear Ms. Jennings:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally A. Hojvat

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_k121100

Device Name: VITE $\kappa ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST Streptococcus Vancomycin E $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - 8 | | g / m L )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species. VITEK® 2 AST Streptococcus Vancomycin is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Vancomycin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections Viridans group streptococci

In vitro data are available, but their clinical significance is unknown   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus pyogenes

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 System for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus $s p p$ ,, Streptococcus spp. and clinically significant yeast.