# FEB 8 2013

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K121942

# 1Name of device

Adenovirus R-gene® us Assay, including the following components:

# 2. Reagents

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.        Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity / tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number oftubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofreactions</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R*10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus and IC2 Amplification premix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Water for extraction (Molecular grade)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Positive amplification control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.</td></tr></table>

# 3. Instrumentation and Software

The Adenovirus R-gene® US kit has to be used in combinations with 2 instruments: NucliSENS easyMag (bioMérieux) for the nucleic acid extraction SmartCycler® 2.0 Software Dx version 1.7b or 3.0 (Cepheid) for amplification

bioMérieux SA does not provide software. Software is provided by instrument manufacturers.

# 4. Classification

Device Class: Regulation:

Class 2   
21 CFR 866.3980; Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic   
acid assay   
OCC

Product Code:

# 5Premarket Notification submitter:

Name of Manufacturer:   
Manufacturer Street Address:   
City, State, Zip:   
Phone Number:   
Fax Number:   
bioMérieux SA   
Parc Technologique Delta Sud   
09340 VERNIOLLE, France   
+33 5 61 69 61 00   
+33 5 61 69 61 01

Contact person for all communications: Eric BRISSON Regulatory affairs manager E-mail : eric.brisson@biomerieux.com Mobile : +33 607 668 026

# 6Device to which equivalence is claimed and device to which comparison is claimed

Device to which equivalence is claimed

The assay reagent system which is the subject of this submission is claimed equivalent to the Gen-Probe Prodesse Incorporated test, which received 510(k) clearance from FDA as.the Prodesse® ProAdeno $\mathbf { m } \mathbf { \mu } _ { + }$ Assay, #K102952, cleared on 03-December-2010.

# Device to which comparison is claimed

The comparison is performed against culture on shell vials followed by identification with DUltra™ DFA Respiratory virus screening & ID kit, #k061101, cleared on 20-Nov-2006, claiming in their 510k the detection of the respiratory adenoviruses by DFA or after culture. Real-time PCR is a technology known to be very sensitive compared with DFA and more in relationship with the performances reached with the culture which allows an amplification of the viruses as the PCR amplifies the genome of the viruses: Viral culture is the reference method. For allth raons, e have chosn he cultu reveal wih $D ^ { 3 }$ Ultra DFA Respatoy vius screening & ID kit for the comparison.

# Intended Use of the Device

Adenovirus R-gene®US Assay is a Real Time CR in vitro iagnostic test or he rapid an qualitative detection of Adenovirus viral DNA isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal swab or nasopharyngeal wash/aspirate specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection.The intended use for this test is to aid in he diagnosis of respiratory Adenovirus infection in humans in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. The test detects, but does not differentiate, Adenovirus species (A, B, C, D, E, F and Negative results do not preclude Adenovirus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

# 8Description of the Device

The ADeNoviRus R-gene® uS Assay is a Taqan based Real Time PCR Assay that enables detection of human Adenovirus DNA and Internal Control 2.   
An overview of the procedure is as follows:   
Collect nasopharyngeal specimens from symptomatic patients. Two transport media may be used UTM or M4RT (not provided with kit).   
Add an Internal Control 2 (IC2) to every sample and to the W0 reagent, to monitor for inhibitors present in the specimens and check the extraction step.   
3. Perform extraction and purification of nucleic acids using a NucliSENs® easyMAG™" System (bioMérieux) and the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents (bioMérieux).   
4. Add purified nucleic acids to the ready to use $R ^ { X } \ o 1 0$ amplification premix included in the ADENOViRus R-gene® US kit. The $R ^ { X } 1 0$ amplification premix contains oligonucleotide primers and target-specific oligonucleotide probes. The primers and probes are complementary to a fragment located in the Hexon gene region and to the internal control 2 DNA sequence. The probes are duallabeled with a reporter dye attached to the $5 ^ { \prime }$ end and a quencher dye attached to the $\mathfrak { z } ^ { \prime }$ -end (see table below).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gene targeted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe Fluorophore</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbsorbancePeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EmissionPeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentChannel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>530 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>· N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>535 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cy_{$</td></tr></table>

Perform amplification of DNA in a Cepheid SmartCycler® 2.0 instrument. In this process, the probe anneals specifically to the DNA template followed by primer extension and amplification. The 5' - 3' exonuclease activity of the Taq polymerase cleaves the probe separating the reporter dye from the quencher. This generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation from a light source. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, further increasing fluorescent signal. The amount of fluorescence at any given cycle is dependent on the amount of amplification products present at that time. Fluorescent intensity is monitored during each PCR cycle by the real-time instrument.

Interpretation.

# 8.1. Components of Adenovirus R-gene® US

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity/tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nb ofreactions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus and IC2Amplification premix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Adenovirus andIC2 primers and probes,Tris buffer, MgCl,dNTPs, Taq polymerase,Rox Carboxy xRhodamine, Amoniumsulfide, BSA, H2O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;450 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90(3 tubesprovided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieuxSA•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native Phixbacteriophage, PhastMedia mediumGlycerol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieuxSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Water for extraction(Molecular grade)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Water</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18(2 tubesprovided)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMerieuxSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Positivecontrol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composite plasmid, Trisbuffer, yeast tRNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 μL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieuxSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr></table>

# 8.2. Required Components Not Sold by bioMérieux SA

Plastic ware and Consumables:

Polyester, rayon or nylon tipped nasopharyngeal swabs   
Sterile suction catheter (#8) for nasopharyngeal washes/aspirates specimen 1.5 mL polypropylene microcentrifuge tubes   
Sterile filter or positive displacement micropipettor tips   
EasyMAG™ System Disposables (Sample Vessels and Tips)   
Biohit Pipette Tips for use with easyMAG™ System   
Greiner Break Four uncoated plates for use with easyMAG™ System Cepheid PCR reaction tubes, $2 5 \mu l$ .   
Single use latex or similar gloves

# Reagents:

bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG™ reagents (Buffer 1 Cat.#280130, Buffer 2 Cat.#280131, Buffer 3 Cat.#280132, Magnetic Silica Cat. #280133, Lysis Buffer (bottles) Cat.# 280134

Transport medium: $\Im$ Universal Transport Medium from DHI EY $\Im$ MicroTest™ M4RT Transport from Remel   
Proteinase K Solution, 600 mAU/mL (Novagen - Merck - 71049-3/71049-4)   
Molecular grade water   
Sterile physiologic buffer

# Equipment:

y $\cdot 1 8 ^ { \circ } C / - 2 2 ^ { \circ } C$ Freezer   
bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG™ System with Software version 2.0. Cepheid SmartCycler 2.0 Instrument with Dx Software version 1.7b or 3.0 Micropipettors (range between $1 - 1 0 \mu L$ , $1 0 - 2 0 0 \mu L$ and 100-1000μL) Mini-centrifuge with adapter for Cepheid Reaction Tubes.   
Cepheid cooling block   
U.V light   
Workstation or Plexiglas screen for samples and premix distribution

# 8.3. Assay Instruments and Software

Instruments

The ADenoviRus R-gene® uS kit has to be used in combinations with 2 instruments: NucliSENS easyMag (bioMérieux) for the nucleic acid extraction SmartCycler 2.0 Software Dx version 1.7b or 3.0 (Cepheid) for amplification.

Modes of operation:

- The bioMérieux NucliSens easyMAG is an automated nucleic acid isolation and purification system that is based upon the silica extraction technology. The NucliSENS easyMAG is capable of processing a total of 24 reactions with variable sample types, sample volumes, and elution volumes within a single run. Nucleic acid is purified within a single cartridge by several steps that include lysis and binding of nucleic acid to high affinity magnetic silica beads, a series of wash steps and heated elution of purified nucleic acid from the silica beads. The Cepheid SmartCycler® 2.0 Real Time instrument with Dx software version 1.7b or 3.0a is used to perform real time PCR amplification and detection of nucleic acid. The Cepheid SmartCycler® instrument is an integrated nucleic acid amplification and detection instrument system based on Cepheid's proprietary microprocessor-controlled I-CORE module. For purified DNA samples, the SmartCycler® instrument enables polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of DNA, and hybridization of fluorogenic target- specific probes for the detection of the amplified DNA.

# Software

bioMérieux SA does not provide software. Software is provided by instrument manufacturer.

# 9. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION

# 9.1. Predicate device name:

Gen-Probe Prodesse Incorporated  Prodesse® ProAdeno+Assay

# 9.2. Predicate device 510(k) number

K102952

# 9.3. Comparison with predicate

The Adenovirus R-gene® US test is claimed substantially equivalent to the Gen-Probe Prodesse Incorporated - Prodesse® ProAdeno $^ { \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { u } } +$ Assay (K102952).

Similarities and differences between the tests are outlined below:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux SA device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prodesse® ProAdeno™+ Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADENOVIRUS R-gene® uSReference: 69-010B-US.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gen-Probe Prodesse Incorporated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux SA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510k number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K102952</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K121942</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation sectionClassification nameProduct codeDevice classPanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3980Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acidassayOCCClass IIMicrobiology (83)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3980Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acidassayoccClass IIMicrobiology (83)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use /Virus detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of human Adenovirusviral nucleic acids.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology / Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real Time PCR Detection: Instrument basedFluorogenic target-specific hybridization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP swabs and NP washes/aspirates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collection and transportmedium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M4 and M5 Viral Transport Medium (Remel),UVT (Becton Dickinson), UTM (Copan)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Universal Transport Medium from DHi(21CFR866.2390) MicroTest™ M4RT Transport from Remel(21CFR866.2390)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample extractionprocedure Nucleic AcidIsolation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MagNA Pure LC System (Roche),NucliSENS easyMAG (bioMérieux)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NucliSENS easyMag (bioMérieux)Magnetic silica based method (R. BOOMtechnology)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleic acidamplification andfluorescence /Instrument / Assayplatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid SmartCycler® II System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartCycler® 2.0 Software Dxversion 1.7b or 3.0 (Cepheid)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay controls includedin kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus positive DNA transcript controland an Internal DNA/RNA control provided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Positive control- Negative control- Extraction / Inhibition control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePositiveUnresolved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 10.Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Not applicable

# 11. Test Principle:

# 11.1. Samples collection

# 11.1.1. Nasopharyngeal wash/aspirate

Nasopharyngeal Washes/aspirates can be collected using a sterile suction catheter (#8) connected to the specimen trap while the patient is in a supine position.

Nasopharyngeal Washes/aspirates can be collected by instilling and aspirating 1 to $5 \mathsf { m l }$ of sterile physiological fluid into a nostril.

Nasopharyngeal Washes/aspirates can be diluted two fold in viral transport medium, Universal Transport Medium (UTM) from DHI or MicroTest M4RT from Remel (see chapter "Materials required but not provided").

# 11.1.2. Nasopharyngeal swab

Deeply insert the swab into a nostril in the direction parallel to the palate.

eave the swab in place for 10 seconds to allow the collection of sample. Rotate the swab 2 or 3 times so it rubs against the nasal wall.

Remove the swab and place it in a sterile tube containing 3mL of viral transport medium, Universal Transport Medium (UTM) from DHI or MicroTest M4RT from Remel (see chapter "Materials required but not provided").

Break off the swab, cap the tube appropriately and send to the laboratory.

# 11.2. Sample transport

Samples are withdrawn and transferred under the laboratory instructions. For samples to be transported, each laboratory has to check their local legislation for hazardous and infectious material transport.

# 11.3. Sample storage

The ADENoviRus R-gene® US Assay IFU recommends that samples be stored refrigerated $+ 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } / + 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for up to 24 hours prior to processing or stored at $- 1 8 ^ { \circ } C / - 2 2 ^ { \circ } C$ for 4 days or $- 7 8 ^ { \circ } C / -$ ${ { 8 } 2 ^ { \circ } } { \mathbb { C } }$ for longer period.

# 11.4. Nucleic acid extraction

The bioMérieux NucliSens easyMAG is an automated nucleic acid isolation and purification system that is based upon the silica extraction technology. The easyMAG is capable of processing a total of 24 reactions with variable sample types, sample volumes, and elution vol with a gle Nuclec acid is purif with a sgl carre  seveals that include lysis and binding of nucleic acid to high affinity magnetic silica beads, a series of wash steps and heated elution of purified nucleic acid from the silica beads.

# 11.5. Nucleic acid amplification and detection

The Cepheid SmartCycler® 2.0 Real Time instrument with $\mathtt { D x }$ software version 1.7b or 3.0a is used to perform real time PCR amplification and detection of nucleic acid. The Cepheid SmartCycler instrument is an integrated nucleic acid amplification and detection instrument system based on Cepheid's proprietary microprocessor-controlled I-CORE module. For purified DNA samples, the SmartCycler® instrument enables polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of DNA, and hybridization of fluorogenic target- specific probes for the detection of the amplified DNA.

# 11.6. Adenovirus assay

The real-time PCR process simultaneously amplifies and detects nucleic acid targets in a single AdV and Internal Control 2. DNA. The whole process is based on two steps: nucleic acid isolation and Real Time PCR amplification/detection. Human respiratory specimens (nasopharyngeal swabs, nasopharyngeal washes/aspirates) from symptomatic patients are processed initially to isolate and purify viral nucleic acid from the cellular specimen matrix. Each purified nucleic acid sample is added to the ${ \mathsf { R } } ^ { \mathsf { X } } 1 0$ amplification premix (Ready to use, Taq polymerase included). The $\mathtt { R } ^ { \mathtt { X } _ { 1 0 } }$ amplification premix contains oligonucleotide primers complementary to a fragment of the Hexon gene region codinig for the hexagonal capsomers for AdV and target-specific oligonucleotide probes dual-labeled with a reporter dye and a quencher dye. Amplification proceeds during which, the probe anneals specifically to a region of the template between the forward and reverse primers. As primer extension and amplification occurs, the exonuclease activity of the Taq polymerase ,cleaves the probe separating the reporter dye away from the quencher. This generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation from a LED light source of appropriate wavelength. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, yielding increased feence signal The amount f fluorescence at any given cycle s dependent n he amount of PCR product (amplicons) present at that time. Fluorescent intensity is monitored at each PCR cycle by fluorescent detection modules within the real-time instrument.

# 11.7. Explanation of the assay

The ADENoViRus R-gene® US Assay is a Taqman based Real Time PCR Assay that enables detection of human Adenovirus DNA and Internal Control 2.

1. Collect nasopharyngeal specimens from symptomatic patients. Two transport media may be used UTM or M4RT (not provided with kit).   
Add an Internal Control 2 (C2) to every sample and to the W0 reagent, to monitor for inhibitors present in the specimens and check the extraction step.   
3. Perform extraction and purification of nucleic acids using a NuclisENs® easyMAG™ System (bioMérieux) and the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents (bioMérieux).   
4. Add purified nucleic acids to the ready to use ${ \mathsf { R } } ^ { \mathsf { X } } { \mathsf { 1 0 } } \cdot$ amplification premix included in the ADENOViRus R-gene® US kit. The $\mathtt { R } ^ { \mathtt { X } _ { 1 0 } }$ amplification premix contains oligonucleotide primers and target-specific oligonucleotide probes. The primers and probes are complementary to a fragment located in the Hexon gene region and to the internal control 2 DNA sequence. The probes are duallabeled with a reporter dye attached to the ${ \mathfrak { s } } .$ end and a quencher dye attached to the $\mathfrak { z } ^ { \bullet }$ -end (see table below).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gene targeted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe Fluorophore</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbsorbancePeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission1Peak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentChannel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.      FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>530 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>535 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cy_3</td></tr></table>

Perform amplification of DNA in a Cepheid SmartCycler® .0 instrument. In this process, the probe anneals specifically to the DNA template followed by primer extension and amplification." The $\cdots$ exonuclease activity of the Taq polymerase cleaves the probe separating the reporter dye from the quencher. This generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation from a light source. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, further increasing fluorescent signal. The amount of fluorescence at any given cycle is dependent on the amount of amplification products present at that time. Fluorescent intensity is monitored during each PCR cycle by the real-time instrument.

Interpretation.

# 12. Performance Characteristics

# 12.1. Limit of Detection (LoD) and Analytical Reactivity

TheobjectivehAnalyical Sensitivitystudy was deterie heLim Detection LoD denou R-en S al ti C

Prior to the LoD determination, a homology study allowed to classify the 60 Human Adenovirus known, into 21 different groups, according to the number and the position of mismatches of the e  hi 69-010B-US amplification/detection premix.

On Human Adenovirus (AdV) type was chosen for each grouf homologies, r each f the 21 different sequences.

The LoD were determined, on 4 to 6 dilutions, for a total for 60 to 90 amplifications/detections, for the 21 selected Human Adenoviruses, plus Adenovirus serotype 2, to complete the specie C, for a total of $2 2 1 0 0$ determinations.

The table below summarizes the LoD values at $9 5 \%$ for the 22 viral types, after limiting dilution analysis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HomologiesGroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HAdVSpecies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD 95%TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>A .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000416</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#2    •</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00316</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0445</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>889</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># 7</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0209</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#8-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#8-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.044</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00512</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#10</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0158</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.316</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#13</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=2>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># 1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#19</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.158</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>889</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>· 0.000416</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HomologiesGroups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVSpecies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD 95%copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV 52*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 copies/mL *</td></tr></table>

s va    e be 5000 copies/mL by $q P C R .$

The limits of detection at $9 5 \%$ are ranged between 889 and 0.000416 $T C l D _ { 5 0 } / m L$ . The homologies studies and the Limit of Detection results demonstrate the capability of Adenovirus R-gene® US real time assay to detect the Adenovirus types 1 to 60.

# 12.2. Analytical Specificity

A panel of 61 potentially cross reacting microorganisms consisting of 34 viral and 27 bacterial, representing common respiratory pathogens or flora commonly present in the nasopharynx was evaluated for cross reactivity.

Each potential cross reactant was individually spiked at a high level into a negative NP wash/aspirate matrix.

The Adenovirus R-gene® US assay did not cross-react with any of the Analytical Specificity Panel samples tested.

# 12.3. Carry-Over / Cross-Contamination

This study assessed the level of the carry-over/cross-contamination with the Adenovirus Rgene® US Assay by testing simulated human adenovirus (HAdV) High Positive samples run in series with HAdV Negative samples. The High Positive samples consisted of negative nasopharyngeal washes/aspirates spiked with a level 4 logs above the Limit of Detection (LoD) of a titered strain of HAdV-4. The samples were processed and extracted in a High Positive/Negative alternating fashion on the bioMérieux NucliSENS EasyMag extraction system and likewise processed and run on the Cepheid SmartCycler 2.0 instrument in an alternating fashion.

Eleven High Positive and eleven Negative samples and a Negative Control were extracted per run on the easyMAG for a total of 55 High Positive samples and 55 Negative samples over 5 extraction runs and 4 amplification runs.

When tested with high positive samples, no carry-over contamination was seen for the Adenovirus R-gene® 69-010B-US assay.

The workfow and design of the assay have been shown to be robust against carry-over contamination and therefore the requirement (less than or equal to $2 \%$ ) has been met.

# 12.4. Freeze / Thaw studies

Freeze $1$ thaw studies were carried out to demonstrate that the Adenovirus R-gene® US reents provided can undergo up to ten freeze and thaw cycles or he Adenovirus R-gene $R ^ { x _ { 1 0 } }$ ready-to-use amplification/detection premix and the Internal Control 2, and up to twentynine freeze and thaw cycles for the Positive Control 10.

# 12.5. Microbial Interference

To determine the potential interference of common nasal micro-organisms on qualitative Adenovirus detection, a panel of micro-organisms was spiked into Adenovirus positive nasopharyngeal washes/aspirates containing Adenovirus at two times the limit of detection ( $2 x$ LoD).

These samples were extracted and tested with the Adenovirus R-gene® 69-010B-US real time PCR assay. Adenovirus detection and Ct values were compared back to a reference sample with no additional micro-organism.

The Adenovirus R-gene® US real time PCR assay did not cross-react with any of the microorganisms tested to give a significant change in the Adenovirus Ct data. Adenovirus was detected regardless of whether an additional micro-organism was present, indicating that there was no interference caused by other micro-organisms.

# 12.6. Chemical Interference

To determine the potential interference of endogenous and exogenous chemical PCR inhibitors on Adenovirus detection, clinically relevant amounts of interfering substances were added to nasopharyngeal samples spiked with Adenovirus at $1 . 3 \times \mathsf { L o D }$ and $6 . 6 \times$ LoD. A reference sample with no interfering substance was included at both 1.3 and $\pmb { 6 . 6 } \times$ LoD.

The Adenovirus R-gene® US real time PCR assay performance does not appear to be afftected by any of the endogenous or exogenous interfering substances at the concentrations tested. Both concentrations of Adenovirus were detected regardless of the potential interfering substance present, with no clinically significant change in the Ct values.

# 12.7. Assay Cut-off

The cut-off value" represents the fluorescent intensity signal (reported in Arbitrary Fluorescent Units, AFU) at which a positive reaction reaches a relative fluorescent intensity above the background or baseline of a "negative" reaction. If a sample exceeds the threshold in a detection channel during PCR, the sample is considered positive for that channel. If the sample does not exceed the threshold for a detection channel by the last PCR cycle, the sample is considered negative for that channel.

Cut-off determination for Adenovirus detection at 53onm was performed through testing of series of negative samples and high negative samples, for a total of 218 samples.

SmartCycler 2.0 default cut-off value of 30 AFU, for Internal Control 2 detection at 560nm, was challenged by analyzing the results obtained for amplification tubes with Internal Control 2 in water ( IC2W0 ») and amplifications tubes with no target (« No target »).

Intal validation was performed on 8 runs, before the prelminary study at Caen Hospital, followed by 65 new runs, and US clinical studies runs.

The threshold default value (30 AFU) of the SmartCycler 2.0, for Internal Control 2 (560nm channel), was validated to.be the correct cut-off value for Adenovirus R-gene® US assay.

# 12.8. Precision / Reproducibility

The precision of the ADEoviRs R-gene®US assay was evaluated using artficial samples consisting of human nasopharyngeal matrix spiked with Adenovirus strains at 3 different inputs. The precision study was determined with respect to the complete assay procedure, comprising all steps from the nucleic acid extraction of the sample to the final result.

The panel of tested samples was comprised of three different viral inputs, tested in 3 replicates per run: "High Negative" samples corresponding to approximately $0 . 0 1 \times \mathsf { L O D }$ , "Low Positive samples corresponding to approximately $2 . 0 ~ \times$ LOD and "Moderate Positive" samples corresponding to approximately $1 0 . 0 \times \mathsf { L O D }$ .

The precision was analyzed by determining for each viral load the percentage of correct ADENoviRus R-gene® US test results based on the expected outcome.

A "within-laboratory" precision study was performed at bioMérieux SA - ARGENE site over 5 days, with 2 operators, using 1 instrument and 1 lot of reagent.

The overall percent agreement with the expected outcome was $100 \%$ for the moderate positive input $( 1 0 . 0 { \times } \mathsf { L o D } )$ $9 5 \%$ for the low positive input $( 2 . 0 { \times } L \circ \mathsf { D } )$ and $100 \%$ for the high negative input 0.01xLoD) as described in the table below. The table also indicate the Mean of the Ct values for the three types of samples, the standard deviations, and coefficients of variation.

# Within-Laboratory Variation

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Ct value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Input</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive(MP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %(150/150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6 - 100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (LP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 %(114/120)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4 - 98.1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative (HN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 % (90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 - 100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.19*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3 %(354/360)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4 - 99.39 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

Mean Ct calculated from IC2 control

Abetween-laboratory precision study was performed at 3 sites (external sites in the US), over 5 days, with 2 operators at each site, 1 instrument at each site and 1 lot of reagents. The overall percent agreement with the expected outcome was $100 \%$ for the moderate positive input (10xLoD), $9 8 . 6 \%$ for the low positive input (2xLoD) and $9 8 . 5 \%$ for the high negative input $\{ 0 . 0 1 \times \lfloor \circ \mathsf { D } \}$ as described in the table below. The table also indicates the Mean of the Ct values for the three types of samples, the standard deviations, and coefficients of variation.

# Between-Laboratory Variation

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Input</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%,Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementand 95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative (HN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%(86/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(266/270)96.3-99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.12*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (LP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(119/120)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(119/120)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%(117/120)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%(355/360)96.8-99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate   Positive(MP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(150/150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(150/150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(150/150)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(450/450)99.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%(359/360)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%(355/360)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(357/360)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(1071/1080)98.4-99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

\* Mean CT calculated from IC2 control

The overall percent agreement for the ADENoviRus R-gene™M US assay was $9 9 . 1 3 \%$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>cYanmaGeow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agrecmentwithexpectedresut</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVAserage CtVake(FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreemenwithexpeciedresul</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVAverige CtValue(FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agrecmentwithexpectedresuk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVAverage CiValue(FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TatalAgreement withexpected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallAverageCT Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 × LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30(96.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30(93.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/90(96.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.14%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adv 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01 × LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30(0.90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/90(96.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pasel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2×LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30(96.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/90(97.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 × LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VRS +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct =25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>na</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2×LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paniel 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adv 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 × L0D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 × LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01 × L0D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Is</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>na</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panello</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>meg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>me</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>na</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pancl 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 × L00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29,46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.52%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 × LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel 13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01 x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30(96.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90(98.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pancl 14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2×L0D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30(93.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/90(97.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419/420(99.70%3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415/420(98,8%0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415/420(20.89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1249/1260(99,13%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

# 12.1. Prevalence / expected values

The prevalence is closely related to the patient population and the method of detection. Collection, handling and transport may also influence the prevalence. The adenovirus prevalence with eolecularetection nhher han wi culture or antgntn. The expected values with this kit observed during the clinical study are presented in the table below.

# Swab prospective study

Nasopharyngeal Wash/Aspirate prospective study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAdeno R-gene USpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedvalue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalDHIpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedPrevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total            1183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>7.35%            48            4.06%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAdeno R-gene USpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedvalue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalDHIpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedPrevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total            393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.69%   · &#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>21            5.34%</td></tr></table>

# 12.2. Clinical Performance

# Clinical Study Design

Performance characteristics of the Adenovirus R-gene® US assay were determined in a multicenter prospective investigational study employing 3 geographically diverse institutions in the US from September 2010 - November 2011.

The Adenovirus R-gene® US assay was compared with rapid culture (shell vial) followed by direct fluorescent antibody (DFA) screening and identification, a FDA-cleared method, the D3Ultra™ DFA Respiratory Virus screening & ID kit from Diagnostic Hybrids (DHI).

Each U.S site analyzed around 280-650 samples (swabs and NP washes/aspirates), for a total of 1581 samples of which 5 were excluded due to none compliance with clinical protocol. Among 1576 samples analyzed, no invalid result was reported.

The studies were performed on the remnant of the specimen collected after the routine clinical care without demographic inclusion criteria. The nasopharyngeal sample volume is sufficient to perform the study. The inital test with the ADENOVIRUS R-gene® US can be performed up to 5 days after sample collection.

# Overall Clinical Study Results: Agreement of ADENoviRus R-gene® US with rapid culture revealed by DHI test

Results from the ADENoviRus R-gene® US assay compared with results of viral culture followed by DFA staining with DHI test are presented below respectively for swab and nasopharyngeal wash/aspirate specimens:

# Swab Specimens

A total of 1186 swab specimens were collected of which 1183 had reportable results and are included in the analysis. There were 3 specimens excluded due to noncompliance with the clinical protocol.

There were 48 final evaluable specimens that were positive for Adenovirus after rapid culture. ADENoviRus R-gene® US had an estimated sensitivity of $9 1 . 7 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $8 0 . 0 \%$ $9 7 . 7 \% )$ and an estimated specificity of $9 6 . 2 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $9 4 . 9 \%$ -97.2%).

Adenovirus Comparison Results - Swab Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus R-gene  69-010 US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sensitivity 91.7% (80.0%-97.7%)95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>specificity 96.2% (94.9%-97.2%)95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# NP Wash/Aspirate Specimens

A total of 395 NP wash/aspirate specimens were collected of which 393 had reportable results and are included in the analysis. There were 2 specimens excluded due to non-compliance with the clinical protocol.

There were  final evaluable specimens that were positive or Adenovirus after rapid culture. ADENoViRUs R-gene® US had an estimated sensitiviy $100 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $8 6 . 7 \%$ 100%and an estimated specificity of $9 4 . 4 \%$ c $9 5 \%$ CI 91.5%-96.5).

# Adenovirus Comparison Results - NP Wash/Aspirate specimens

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Adenovirus R-gene  69-010 US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>specificity 94.4% (91.5%-96.5%)95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>372</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 13. Proposed labeling

The proposed labeling is complete.

# 14.Conclusion

The information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

Argene SA of BioMérieux C/O Eric Brisson Parc Technologique Delta Sud Varilhes, FR 09120

Re: k121942 . Trade/Device Name: Adenovirus R-gene® US Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class Ⅱ Product Code: OCC Dated: December 20, 2012 Received: December 28, 2012

Dear Mr. Brisson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for thé indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Sally A. Hojvat

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Intended Use

510(k) Number (if known): k121942

Device Name: Adenovirus R-gene® US

Intended Use:

Adenovirus R-gene® US Assay is a Real Time PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection of Adenovirus viral DNA isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal swab or nasopharyngeal wash/aspirate specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. The intended use for this test is to aid in the diagnosis of respiratory Adenovirus infection in humans in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. The test detects, but does not differentiate, Adenovirus species (A, B, C, D, E, F and G). Negative results do not preclude Adenovirus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH; Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
510(k) K121942