510(k) Number: k121003

Device Name: PLEX-ID Flu

Purpose of the Submission: The purpose of this $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ is to gain clearance to market the PLEX-ID Flu (List No. 05N21) assay.

# 5.1

# Official Correspondent to the File

Name Darren Clarke Title: Director Regulatory Affairs Telephone: (760) 476-3224 Fax: (760) 476-3301 Email: darren.clarke@abbott.com

Name Samuel Mathew   
Title: Associate Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Telephone: (224) 361-7062   
Fax: (847) 775-6777   
Email: samuel.mathew@abbott.com

Address: Abbott Molecular Inc. 1300 E. Touhy Avenue Des Plaines, IL 60018

# 5.2 Date of Preparation

March 30, 2012

# 5.3 Sponsor

Abbott Molecular Inc. is sponsor of the PLEX-ID Flu (List No. 05N21) 510(k) submission.

# 5.4 Intended Use

The PLEX-ID Flu assay is a qualitative nucleic acid in vitro diagnostic test intended for the detection and differentiation of influenza A H1N1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal) and influenza B viral nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab specimens from patients symptomatic for respiratory tract infection. The PLEX-ID Flu assay is intended for use on the PLEX-ID System (version 1.2) as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information. This assay is not intended to detect influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

5.5 Trade Name

PLEX-ID Flu (List No. 05N21)

# 5.6 Common Name

Nucleic acid assay for the detection of influenza virus

Classification Name and Regulation

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980

•Classification Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay

5.8 Predicate Devices

rodse ProFLy ( ooFAST8

# 5.9 Device Description

The PLEX-ID Flu assay consists of the following kits:

EX-IDFlt is o5 PLEX-ID Flu Control Kit (List No. 05N21-80)

The PLEX-ID Flu assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test used for the detection and identification of influenza A and B viruses directly from human samples. First, nucleic acids are extracted from samples. Nucleic acids are then amplified via a reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The PCR products are subsequently desalted and analyzed in a mass spectrometer to determine the base composition of the PCR products. Analysis of the base composition of PCR products is used to determine identity by comparison to a proprietary database. Desalting, mass spectrometry and data analysis are conducted on the PLEX-ID Analyzer. Reported results include an identification of influenza virus species and subtypes of influenza A virus.

# 5.10 Background on Influenza

Influenza is a respiratory virus that can cause mild to severe disease, and at times can lead to death. Every year in the United States, on average $5 \%$ to $20 \%$ of the population gets the flu; more than 200,000 people are hospitalized from flu complications, and about 3,000 to 49,000 people die from flu-related causes. Some people, such as adults 65 years or older, young children, and people with certain health conditions, are at high risk for serious flu complications. 1,2

There are two main types of influenza (flu) virus, A and B, which are responsible for seasonal epidemics of flu amongst humans. Influenza A viruses are divided into subtypes based on two proteins on the surface of the virus: hemagglutinin $\mathrm { ( H ) }$ and neuraminidase (N). The common Influenza A virus subtypes found in people are A (H1N1) and A (H3N2). In April of 2009, a new strain of Influenza A emerged. On June 11, 2009 WHO classified the 2009 H1N1 Influenza A strain as the cause of a phase 6 pandemic:3

5.11

# Technological Characteristics of the Device as Compared to the Predicate

These devices are similar in that they are designed to prepare nucleic acids for amplification, amplify specific influenza sequences, detect the amplified products, and report qualitative results.

The primary similarities and differences between the PLEX-ID Flu assay and the predicate devices are shown in Table 1.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">eature</td><td>Current Application</td><td></td><td>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan="2">Prodesse ProFAST+</td></tr><tr><td>PLEX-ID Flu</td><td>Prodesse ProFLU+</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number</td><td>K121003</td><td>K073029</td><td></td><td>K101855</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation No. and oduct Code</td><td>21 CFR 866.3980 OEP, OCC, OQW, OTA</td><td>21 CFR 866.3980 OCC</td><td></td><td>21 CFR 866.3332 OQW</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Current Application PLEX-ID Flu</td><td colspan="2">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The PLEX-ID Flu assay is a qualitative nucleic acid in vitro diagnostic test intended for the detection and differentiation of influenza A HIN1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal),</td><td>Prodesse ProFLU+ The ProFluTM+ Assay is a multiplex Real- Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection and discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza</td><td>Prodesse ProFAST+ The ProFASTTM+ Assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and discrimination of seasonal Influenza A/H1, seasonal Influenza A/H3 and 2009 H1N1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>influenza A H3N2 (seasonal) and influenza B viral nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab specimens from patients symptomatic for respiratory tract infection. The PLEX- ID Flu assay is intended for use on the PLEX-ID System (version 1.2) as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information. This assay is not intended to detect influenza C virus. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.</td><td>B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test is intended for use to aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect Influenza C. Negative results do not preclude influenza or RSV virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that negative RSV results be confirmed by culture. Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.</td><td>Influenza viral nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This assay targets conserved regions of the Hemagglutinin (HA) gene for seasonal lnfluenza A/H1, seasonal Influenza A/H3 and 2009 H1N1 Influenza Virus, respectively. This assay is not intended to detect Influenza B or Influenza C Viruses. A negative ProFAST+ Assay result is a presumptive negative result for Influenza A. These results should be confirmed by an FDA cleared nucleic acid-based test (NAT) detecting Influenza A. Negative results do not preclude Influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Feature</td><td colspan="2">Current Application</td><td colspan="2">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td>PLEX-ID Flu</td><td></td><td>Prodesse ProFLU+</td><td>Prodesse ProFAST+</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Type Analyte Targets.</td><td>. Qualitative influenza genus→ Primer pair 2798 targets polymerase PB1 influenza A → Primer Pair 1266</td><td>Qualitative •Influenza A Virus → Matrix Respiratory Syncytial Virus A →Polymerase</td><td></td><td>Qualitative Seasonal H1 Influenza A → Hemagglutinin Seasonal H3 Influenza A → Hemagglutinin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>targets nucleoprotein influenza A → Primer Pair 1279 targets matrix protein influenza A → Primer Pair 1287 polymerase A protein influenza A → Primer Pair 2775 non- structural protein 1, NS1 influenza A → Primer Pair 1259 targets polymerase, PB influenza A H1N1 (2009) → Primer Pair 5 101 targets hemagglutinin, HA influenza A HIN1 (2009) → Primer Pair 4998 targets neuraminidase, NA influenza B→ Primer Pair 1261 targets polymerase, PB2</td><td>Respiratory Syncytial Virus B →Polymerase Influenza B Virus → Non-structural NS1 and NS2</td><td></td><td>2009 H1N1 Influenza Virus Hemagglutinin</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Sample Collection</td><td>Immediately following collection of the sample from the patient, place the swab into a tube containing 3 mL of viral transport media. Place on ice or refrigerate. Samples for the PLEX-ID Flu assay may be collected in: • Micro TestTM M4R Viral Transport Medium</td><td rowspan="2">• Dickenson UVT). Micro TestTM M5R Viral Transport Medium Micro TestTM M6R Viral Transport Medium Micro TestTM M4RTR Viral Transport Medium Copan Universal Transport</td><td rowspan="2">Following collection, place the swab into • Following collection, place the swab into a a tube containing 2 to 3 mL of viral tube containing 2 to 3 mL of viral transport transport medium (Remel M4, M4RT, medium (Remel M4, M4RT, M5, M6; Copan M5, M6; Copan UTM; or Becton UTM; or Becton Dickenson UVT). When starting from purified nucleic acid samples that have been previously processed for testing with the ProFLU+ Assay, begin with the RT-PCR reaction. 180 μL 180 μL</td></tr><tr><td>Input Sample • Volume</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Feature</td><td colspan="3">Current Application</td><td colspan="2">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td>Automated sample to extraction plate</td><td>PLEX-ID Flu</td><td>Prodesse ProFLU+ Automated nucleic acid isolation Manual transfer of sample eluate to PCR</td><td></td><td>Prodesse ProFAST+ Automated nucleic acid isolation Manual transfer of sample eluate to PCR Plate</td></tr><tr><td>Principles of the Procedure</td><td>PCR Plate composition subtype</td><td>Automated nucleic acid extraction Automated transfer of sample eluate to Automated PCR amplification Automated desalting of PCR products Mass Spectrometry analysis converts mass of PCR products to base Base composition signature from multiple PCR products is then used to identify the influenza virus species and</td><td>Plate Automated PCR amplification Optical detection of stimulated fluorescence The fluorescence reader monitors real- time fluorescence during every PCR amplification cycle</td><td>cycle</td><td>Automated PCR amplification Optical detection of stimulated fluorescence The fluorescence reader monitors real-time fluorescence during every PCR amplification</td></tr><tr><td>Instrumen- 1ation Principle System Components</td><td>The PLEX-ID System integrates sample preparation (PLEX-ID SP, (PLEX-ID TC) followed by mass spectrometry analysis to generate</td><td>PLEX-JD FH) with PCR amplification assay results (PLEX-JD Analyzer).</td><td>Nucleic Acid isolation instrument Amplification and detection instrument</td><td></td><td>Nucleic Acid isolation instrument Amplification and detection instrument</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Preparation Instrument Components</td><td>Liquid handling and robotic manipulation platform (PLEX-ID SP, PLEX-ID FH) using the PLEX-ID Viral RNA Isolation Kit</td><td></td><td>Automated nucleic acid isolation instrument (MagNA Pure LC System using the Total Nucleic Acid Isolation (TNAI) Kit or NucliSENS easyMAG System using the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents)</td><td></td><td>Automated nucleic acid isolation instrument (MagNA Pure LC System using the Total Nucleic Acid Isolation (TNAI) Kit or NucliSENS easyMAG System using the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents)</td></tr><tr><td>Ampli- fication and Detection Instrument Components</td><td>ID TC) is followed by mass spectrometry analysis and influenza virus identification (PLEX-ID Analyzer</td><td>Automated PCR amplification (PLEX-</td><td>Automated PCR amplification and detection by fluorescence analysis (Cepheid SmartCycler I)</td><td></td><td>Automated PCR amplification and detection by fluorescence analysis (Cepheid SmartCycler II)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Ampli- fication Controls</td><td colspan="3">Each PCR reaction well contains an •</td><td colspan="2">Hesse IToTL Internal Control to detect PCR inhibition • Internal Control to detect PCR inhibition in</td></tr><tr><td>the primer pairs used, but</td><td>Amplification Control that consists of a synthetic RNA molecule specific to distinguishable from known target sequences. The Amplification Control serves as the internal PCR control and provides scaling information for the level of influenza RNA present in the sample. It also detects PCR inhibition,</td><td>or process error</td><td>in individual samples and Reagent failure</td><td>individual samples and Reagent failure or process error</td></tr><tr><td>Ampli- fication Enzyme</td><td></td><td>reagent failure, and process errors DNA Polymerase Reverse Transcriptase</td><td>Taq DNA Polymerase Reverse Transcriptase</td><td></td><td>Taq DNA Polymerase Reverse Transcriptase</td></tr><tr><td>Type(s) Detection Procedure</td><td></td><td>Mass Spectrometry analysis converis mass of PCR products to base composition Base composition signature from multiple PCR products is then used to</td><td>fluorescence.</td><td>Optical detection of stimulated The fluorescence reader monitors real- time fluorescence during every PCR</td><td>Optical detection of stimulated fluorescence. The fluorescence reader monitors real-time</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Limit of</td><td>Influenza A HIN1 (2009) (Strain •</td><td>PLEX-ID Flu</td><td>Prodesse ProFLU+</td><td></td><td>Prodesse ProFAST+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Detection (LOD)</td><td></td><td>A/SwineNY/02/2009 H1N1) - 1.3 x 10-1 TCIDso/mL</td><td>Influenza A/Port Chalmers/1/73 (H3N2) - 101 TCID5o/mL Influenza A/CA/7/04 (H3N2) </td><td></td><td>H1N1 A/Virginia/1/06 - 5×10-1 TCIDs/mL H1N1 A/Hong Kong/2652/06 - 5×10-2 TCIDso/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">TCIDso/mL</td><td>Influenza A H1N1 (seasonal) (Strain A/New Caledonia/20/99 H1N1) - 4.6</td><td>10° TCIDs0/mL Influenza A/New Caledonia/12/99 (H1N1)- 10²2 TCID50/mL</td><td></td><td>H3N2 A/Anhui/1239/05 - 1×10-1 TCID50/mL H3N2 A/California/07/04 </td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A H3N2 (seasonal) (Strain A/Wisconsin/67/05 H3N2) -</td><td>Influenza A/WS/33 (HIN1)- 10 TCID5o/mL</td><td></td><td>5×10-1 TCID50/mL 2009 H1N1 Clinical Isolate #1 -</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3.3 × 10² TCID5/mL Seasonal Influenza B (Strain B/Panama/45/90) - 15 TCIDs0/mL</td><td></td><td>Influenza B/Lee/40 - 10&#x27; TCID5o/mL Influenza B/Wisconsin/2/06 - 10°TCIDso/mL</td><td></td><td>1×10²2 TCIDs0/mL 2009 H1N1 Clinical Isolate #5 - 1×102 TCIDso/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Controls</td><td></td><td>Negative Control Positive Control The PLEX-ID Flu assay reports results</td><td>Negative Control Positive Control Extraction Control</td><td></td><td>Negative Control Positive Control</td></tr><tr><td>Results Reporting</td><td></td><td>for both influenza A and influenza B in separate sections of the report. The influenza A report can show the following under Detected Microbe:</td><td>Influenza A result of either &quot;POS&quot; for positive or &quot;NEG&quot; for negative for influenza A</td><td></td><td>Extraction Control H1 result of either &quot;POS&quot; for positive or &quot;NEG&quot; for negative for Seasonal Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td></td><td></td><td>Influenza B result of either &quot;POS&quot; for</td><td>H1</td><td>H3 result of either &quot;POS&quot; for positive or</td></tr><tr><td>A</td><td>• 2009 (Pandemic) H1N1 Influenza Seasonal H1N1 Influenza A</td><td>positive or &quot;NEG&quot; for negative for influenza B &quot;Unresolved&quot; - PCR inhibition or reagent failure.</td><td></td><td>&quot;NEG&quot; for negative for Seasonal Influenza A/H3 2009 H1N1 result of either &quot;POS&quot; for positive</td></tr><tr><td>Seasonal H3N2 Influenza A Other influenza A Not Detected</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>or &quot;NEG&quot; for negative for 2009 HIN1 Influenza RNA Unresolved&quot; - PCR inhibition or reagent</td></tr><tr><td>The influenza B report can show the following under Detected Microbe: • Seasonal Influenza B Not detected</td><td></td><td></td><td>failure.</td><td></td></tr></table>

PLEX-ID Flu 510(k) K121003 December 2012   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">PLEX-ID Flu</td><td>Prodesse ProFLU+</td><td></td><td>Prodesse ProFAST+</td></tr><tr><td>Drug / Compound Interference</td><td>Samples containing FluMist® may • cause false positive results in the assay. FluMist is an intranasal vaccine that contains live attenuated influenza virus that is detected by the PLEX-ID Flu assay. No interference was detected from other common cold medicines or mucin</td><td>An interference study evaluating potentially interfering common cold medications was not performed.</td><td></td><td>The ProFAST+ assay was not affected by the presence of a panel of endogenous and exogenous potential RT-PCR inhibitors with the exception of mucin. Results indicate that mucin at a concentration of 5% and 1% w/v added to NP swab matrix, resulting in a highly viscous sample, had an inhibitory effect on detection of influenza A subtypes and the Internal RNA Control (IC) near the LoD using</td></tr><tr><td>Reagents and Controls Storage Conditions</td><td>Frozen (-10°C or colder)</td><td> - 70°C or colder</td><td></td><td>the ProFAST+ Assay. - 70°C or colder</td></tr></table>

# 5.12 Performance Characteristics

# 5.12.1 Expected Values

The clinical performance of the PLEX-ID Flu assay on the PLEX-ID System was established using nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens prospectively collected from two U.S. clinical sites and three specimen suppliers from September 2009 through June 2010. A total of 1287 prospective NP swab specimens were collected for the PLEX-ID Flu clinical study. Of the 1287, five specimens were excluded: duplicate specimens were collected from two subjects (the second specimen from each subject was excluded from the analysis), one specimen from a subject who did not meet the inclusion criteria, and two specimens had an invalid PLEX-ID Flu result, for a total of 1282 included specimens. The prevalence of influenza A 2009 H1N1 decreased significantly during the collection period, consequently, there were only 37 positive influenza A 2009 H1N1, 4 positive influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), 50 positive influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), and 24 positive influenza B specimens among the 1282 specimens. Prevalence rates and demographics are presented in Table 2 and Table 3, respectively, for four of the five sites that provided p spectively collected specimens. No demographic information was available from supplier Site 3 $\scriptstyle ( \ N = 1 9 9 )$ ) and one subject from clinical Site 1.

Table 2 Influenza Prevalence Rate - Prospectively Collected Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Number of Positives by the PLEX-ID Flu Assay(Observed Prevalence Rate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2009 H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SeasonalH1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SeasonalH3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 11 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 to 18 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 to 64 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (2.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 65 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (7.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 (25.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (11.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 (2.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 (3.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (1.9%)</td></tr></table>

\* Demographic information was unavailable.

Table 3 Subject Demographics  Prospectively Collected Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender/Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Subjects (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>603 (47.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479 (37.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 (15.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1282 (100.0%)</td></tr></table>

\* Demographic information was unavailable.

# 5.12.2 Clinical Performance

# 5.12.2.1 Prospective Clinical Study

Clinical performance of the PLEX-ID Flu assay was assessed by testing nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens from subjects presenting with symptoms of influenza-like illness.

Prospectively collected clinical specimens were tested at three sites. Allspecimens were tested with an assay FDA cleared for the detection and discrimination of influenza A

virus, influenza B virus, and Respiratory Syncytial virus nucleic acids isolated and purified from NP swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients (Comparator 1). Specimens with a positive influenza A test result went on for further testing with Comparator 2, an assay FDA cleared for the detection and discrimination of influenza A virus subtypes [influenza A H1N1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal)] from nucleic acids isolated and purified from NP swab specimens. Aliquots from the same specimens were tested with the PLEX-ID Flu assay. For each subtype of influenza A [H1N1 (2009), H1N1 (seasonal), H3N2 (seasonal)], the point estimate for positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) was calculated. PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing was used to test discrepant samples between Comparator 1 and Comparator 2, Comparator 1 vs. PLEX-ID Flu, and Comparator 2 vs. PLEX-ID Flu. The results from bi-directional sequence testing were not used to calculate the positive percent agreement and negative percent agreement of the PLEX-ID Flu assay.

Of the 1282 specimens included in the study, 6 were unresolved by Comparator 1 and were excluded, resulting in 1276 specimens included in the final analysis.

A total of 90 unique specimens were influenza A positive by Comparator 1 and 1186 were negative. All 90 specimens were tested by Comparator 2 to determine influenza A subtypes [influenza A H1N1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal)]. From these 90 unique specimens, 6 were negative for all three subtypes by Comparator 2. The remaining 84 specimens generated a total of 88 positive results. Four specimens generated two different subtype results each by Comparator 2. For one of these four specimens, Comparator 2 assay reported both H1N1 and H3N2 while the PLEX-ID Flu assay reported an H1N1 (seasonal) result. For the remaining 3 specimens, Comparator 2 reported both H3N2 and H1N1, whereas the PLEX-ID Flu assay reported H3N2 (seasonal). These 88 positive results comprised 32 influenza A H1N1 (2009), 7 influenza A H1N1 (seasonal) positive, and 49 influenza A H3N2 (seasonal) positive results.

From the 1287 prospective NP swab specimens collected for this study and tested, $9 8 . 7 \%$ (1285/1302) of PLEX-ID assays results generated were valid.

The comparison of the PLEX-ID Flu assay and Comparator 2 results for influenza A H1N1 (2009) are shown in Table 4, influenza A H1N1 (seasonal) in Table 5, and influenza A H3N2 (seasonal) in Table 6.

# Influenza A H1N1 (2009) Specimen Testing

Table 4 PLEX-ID Flu   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 2Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatoraNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$5\frab }$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1239</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1276</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement100.0% (32/32)(89.3%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement99.6% (1239/1244)(99.1%, 99.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Negative for influenza A by Comparator 1 (and therefore untested by Comparator 2or positive for infuenza A by Comparator 1 and negative by Comparator 2 reflex testing for influenza A HIN1 (2009). bFive samples were negative for influenza A 2009 H1N1 by Comparator 2; three samples were positive by bi-directional sequence analysis for $2 0 0 9 \mathrm { H l N l }$ , one had insufficient sample volume for bidirectional sequence analysis, and 2009 H1N1 nucleic acid was not detected by bi-directional sequence analysis in one sample.

# Influenza A H1N1 (Seasonal) Specimen Testing

Table 5 PLEX-ID Flu   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 2Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$3b}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1272</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1276</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement57.1% (4/7)(25.0%, 84.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement100.0% (1269/1269)(99.7%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Negative for influenza A by Comparator 1 (and therefore untested by Comparator 2) or positive for inuenza A by Comparator  and negative by Comparator 2 reflex testing for influenza A H1N1 (Seasonal). $^ { \mathsf { b } } \mathbf { A } / \mathbf { H } 1$

# Table 6 PLEX-ID Flu

# Influenza A H3N2 (Seasonal) Specimen Testing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 2Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatoraNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FIuNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.1226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1276</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement98.0% (48/49)(89.3%, 99.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement99.8% (1225/1227)(99.4%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

aNegative for influenza A by Comparator 1 (and therefore untested by Comparator 2) or positive for infuenza A by Comparator  and negative by Comparator 2 reflex testing for influenza A H3N2 (Seasonal). subtype determination, but the samples were positive by bi-directional sequence analysis for A/H3. ${ \mathfrak { c } } _ { \mathsf { A } / \mathsf { H } 3 }$ nuc cid was ot deteced by -directional equanalysis  ths smple.

A total of 22 positive specimens were obtained for influenza B. The positive percent agreement and negative percent agreement were calculated. The results of the PLEX-ID Flu compared to Comparator 1 for the detection of influenza B are shown in Table 7. Bidirectional sequence analysis was not performed for discordant influenza B specimens.

# Influenza B Specimen Testing

Table 7 PLEX-ID Flu   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 1Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 1Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1252</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1276</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement100.0% (22/22)(85.1%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement99.8% (1252/1254)(99.4%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 5.12.2.2 Retrospective Specimen Testing

Due to the decreased prevalence of influenza A 2009 H1N1 and the absence of influenza A seasonal H1N1 and H3N2, the prospectively collected specimen population was supplemented with pre-selected banked specimens that were collected in February 2008, and from January 2009 through March 2009, and left over archived specimens collected from April 2009 through December 2009.

A total of 1378 retrospective specimens were tested. Of these specimens, 1341 were included in the analysis (the remaining 37 were excluded either due to unavailable results for the PLEX-ID Flu assay or Comparator 1 assay, duplicate subjects, or failure to meet subject inclusion criteria).

Of the 1341 retrospective specimens, 634 were influenza A positive and 707 were negative by Comparator 1. All 634 positive specimens were tested to determine influenza A subtype (influenza A 2009 H1N1, influenza A (seasonal) H1N1, influenza A

(seasonal) H3N2). Two specimens were unresolved by Comparator 2 and, therefore, excluded, resulting in 1339 total specimens in the analysis. Fifty-four of the 634 Comparator  influenza A positive specimens were negative for all three subtypes by Comparator 2 and were included as Comparator negative specimens. Consequently, 578 positive results were included in the analysis: 548 influenza A H1N1 (2009), 28 influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), and 2 influenza A H3N2 (seasonal).

From the 1378 retrospective NP swab specimens tested in this study, $9 3 . 4 \%$ (1368/1464) of PLEX-ID assays results generated were valid.

The comparison of the PLEX-ID Flu and Comparator 2 results for influenza A H1N1 (2009) are shown in Table 8, influenza A H1N1 (seasonal) in Table 9, and influenza A H3N2 (seasonal) in Table 10.

The following analysis was performed on the leftover archived and pre-selected banked specimens.

# Influenza A H1N1 (2009) Specimen Testing

Table 8 PLEX-ID Flu   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 2Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatoraNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>583</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>746</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>756</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1339</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement98.2% (538/548)(96.7%, 99.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement94.3% (746/791)(92.5%, 95.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Negative for influenza A by Comparator 1 (and therefore untested by Comparator 2) or positive for inuenza A by Comparator and negative by Comparator  reflex testing or influenza AH1 (2009). ${ \mathfrak { b } } _ { 4 1 }$ s  p y al $2 0 0 9 \mathsf { H } 1 \mathsf { N } 1$ , 1 was unresolved, 2 had insufficient sample volume for bi-directional sequence analysis, and H1N1(2009) nucleic acid was not detected in one sample. A/H1N1 (2009) was detected in 8 samples by bi-directional sequence analysis.

# Table 9 PLEX-ID Flu

# Influenza A H1N1 (Seasonal) Specimen Testing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 2Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1312</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1339</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement96.4% (27/28)(82.3%, 99.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement100:0% (1311/1311)(99.7%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td></tr></table>

Negative for influenza A by Comparator 1 (and therefore untested by Comparator 2) or positive for inzaby Comparator and negative y Comparatr  relex testing orinfluenz (Seasonal). ${ \mathsf { \Pi } } ^ { \mathsf { b } } \mathbf { A } / \mathbb { H } 1$

Table 10 PLEX-ID Flu Influenza A H3N2 (Seasonal) Specimen Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 2Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatoraNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1337</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1337</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1339</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement100.0% (2/2)(34.2%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement100.0% (1337/1337)(99.7%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Negative for influenza A by Comparator 1 (and therefore untested by Comparator 2)or positive for influenza A by Comparator 1 and negative by Comparator 2 reflex testing for influenza A H3N2 (Seasonal).

A total of 28 positive specimens were obtained for influenza B. The positive percent agreement and negative percent agreement were calculated. The comparison results of the PLEX-ID Flu and Comparator 1 to detect influenza B are shown in Table 1 1. Bidirectional sequence analysis was not performed for discordant influenza B specimens.

# Table 11 PLEX-ID Flu

# Influenza B Specimen Testing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 1Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator 1Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLEX-ID FluNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1314</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1341</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement92.9% (26/28)(77.4%, 98.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement99.9% (1312/1313)(99.6%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 5.12.2.3 Other Clinical Supportive Data

Not applicable.

# 5.12.2.4 Clinical Cut-Off

Not applicable.

# 5.12.3 Summary of Nonclinical Studies

# 5.12.4 Limit of Detection

The limit of detection (LOD) for the PLEX-ID Flu assay was determined by testing qay replicates of the following were tested: influenza A H1N1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), and influenza B. The LOD was defined as the lowest influenza concentration at which $\ge 9 5 \%$ of replicates tested positive. The results are presented in Table 12.

Table 12 PLEX-ID Flu Limit of Detection (LOD)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (2009)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 × 10-1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (seasonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6 × 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H3N2 (seasonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 × 10^2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 × 101</td></tr></table>

# 5.12.4.1 Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the PLEX-ID Flu assay was evaluated at 3 clinical sites. Reproducibility was assessed using a nine member panel of contrived samples that included a negative member, low positive panel members targeted near the assay LOD and moderate positive panel members targeted at approximately 2 to 3 times the LOD for influenza B and the 3 influenza A subtypes detected by the assay. Samples were tested in replicates of 4 with one replicate each of the positive and negative control per batch. Two (2) batches were run per day and each was run by a different operator with 2 operators per site. The study was designed to allow for a total of 120 results for each panel member over 5 days of testing. The results are presented in Table 13.

Table 13 PLEX-ID Flu Reproducibility Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Member Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Correct Results/Number Tested(% Agreement)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total of All Sites(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)(96.9%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (2009) LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/39a(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38/40(95.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117/119a (98.3%)(94.1%, 99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (2009)Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)(96.9%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (seasonal)Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40(97.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40(97.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/120 (98.3%)(94.1%, 99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (seasonal)Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)(96.9%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H3N2 (seasonal)Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/39a(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119/1 19a (100.0%)(96.9%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H3N2 (seasonal)Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40(97.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119/120 (99.2%)(95.4%, 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza BLow Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/39a(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40(97.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/119a (99.2%)(95.4%, 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza BModerate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40(97.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119/120 (99.2%)(95.4%, 99.9%)</td></tr></table>

aMissing replicate due to instrument error.

# 5.12.4.2 Within Laboratory Precision

Within laboratory precision was determined by testing all nine members of the repuciblity panel in uplicat n to runs per day or  total  twelvedays.Eah r contained the assay positive and negative controls for a total of 20 samples per run. Multiple PLEX-ID Flu assay lots were used in the study. The results are presented in Table 14.

Table 14 PLEX-ID Flu Within Laboratory Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correct Results/Number Tested(% Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (2009)Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (2009)Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (seasonal)Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H1N1 (seasonal)Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H3N2 (seasonal)Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A H3N2 (seasonal)Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza BLow Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza BModerate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%, 100%)</td></tr></table>

# 5.12.4.3 Cross-Reactivity

The effect of 34 common respiratory microbes on the PLEX-ID Flu assay was evaluated. Negative samples and samples containing influenza A H1N1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), and influenza B were tested. No interference in the performance of the PLEX-ID Flu assay was observed in the presence of the potential cross-reactants shown in Table 15 for all positive and negative samples tested.

Table 15 PLEX-ID Flu Cross-Reactivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microbe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target SpikeConcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$106CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$106$ CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis avirulent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 genomes/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$106$ CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$10{}CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106$ CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$10{ CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 TCIDs0/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC 43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$10 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 TCIDss/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 TCIDss/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial virus Type B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 TCIDss/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes simplex virus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 TCIDs/mL</td></tr></table>

# 5.12.4.4 Potentially Interfering Substances

The effect of substances that may be present in nasopharyngeal swab samples for potential interference with the PLEX-ID Flu assay was evaluated. Negative samples and samples containing influenza A H1N1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), and influenza B were tested at concentrations approximately $2 \times \mathrm { L O D }$ . No interference in the performance of the PLEX-ID Flu assay was observed in the presence of the potentially interfering substances shown in Table 16 for al positive and negative samples tested.

FluMist l vachat sivttnzaviu wa by the PLEX-ID Flu assay. Samples containing FluMist may cause flse positive results in the assay.

Table 16 PLEX-ID Flu Potentially Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mcin: bovine submaxillary gland, tye I- Boirn Sulphur idatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepacol Dual Relief Sore Throat Spray</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neo-Synephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVS Pharmacy Sore Throat Spray</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equaline 12-hour Nasal Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cool Mint Listerine Antiseptic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equaline Premium Saline Nasal Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halls Mentho-Lyptus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beconase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tamiflu</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Decadron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flumadine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasarel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SYMMETREL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allernaze</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relenza</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinocort Aqua Nasal Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BACTROBAN NASAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasonex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazonine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adult Robitussin Chest Congestion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flonase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVS Children's Allergy LiquidMedication</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zicam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delsym Cough Suppressant</td></tr><tr><td>Boiron Galphimia glauca</td><td>CVS Non-Drowsy Nasal Decongestant</td></tr><tr><td>Boiron Histaminum hydrochloricum</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 5.12.4.5 Carryover

Sample carryover on the PLEX-ID System was evaluated using high target concentrations $\mathit { 1 } \times \mathit { 1 0 } ^ { 5 }$ viral genomes per mL) of influenza A and influenza B alternately loaded with negative samples in the sample rack, representing a worst-case, checkerboard configuration. Following 5 independent isolations, no positive results were reported among the 120 negative samples tested, resulting in an observed carryover rate of $0 \% ( 0 / 1 2 0 )$ .

# 5.12.4.6 Inclusivity

Multiple viral strains representing temporal and geographical diversity for each influenza type and subtype were tested with the PLEX-ID Flu assay. The samples were targeted at concentrations at approximately $2 \times \mathrm { L O D }$ . The results reported for each strain tested matched the expected result in 3 out of 3 replicates, as shown in Table 17.

Table 17 PLEX-ID Flu Inclusivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IHH V AzIN(6007)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INI V AuII(Sosa)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INuH V Mzu(sross)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jt V uznner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ITunn</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A Swine H1N1NY01 (2009 HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.57 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+ra}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A Swine H1N1NY02 (2009 H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.06x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A Swine H1N1NY03 (2009 HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.37 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37×10' TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INIHV uny(6007)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INIHAufna(sosn)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANeH AIfunne(stas)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ji V Aunnr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I uzua</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenzaA/NewCal/20/1999(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29×10³ TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/Taiwan/42/06(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.45×10³ TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/SolomonIslands/03/06(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40×101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/PR/8/34(Seasonal HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.02x104 CEIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/WS/33(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.14×10²2 CEIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/NewJersey/8/76 (SeasonalH1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24×10² CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/Weiss/43(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.41×10 CEIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/FM/1/47(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.52×10³ CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/Mal/302/54(Seasonal H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.41×102CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/PortChalmers/1/73 (SeasonalH3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.15×10³ CEIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/HongKong/8/68 (SeasonalH3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.12×104CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/Victoria/3/75(Seasonal H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.46×103 CEIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INH V AunII(6007)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INH V UunI([ssos)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INH V An(Ssoss)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">J V nzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">h tbn</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A/Aichi/2/68(Seasonal H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.72×10³CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.28×104 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/Mass/3/66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.41×10³ CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.65×102 CEID5o0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/HongKong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.63×104 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56×103 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.30×102 CEIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.50 CEIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/Russia/69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24×10³CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza B/Florida/02/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.11×101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenzaB/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.07×10' TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr></table>

# 5.13 References

1. CDC  Influenza (Flu), What Everyone Should Know About Flu and the Flu Vaccine: www.cdc.gov/flu/keyfacts.htm [8/17/2009]

2. U.S. Department of Health & Human Services: www.flu.gov/about the flu/seasonal/index.html [9/17/2012]

3. Chan, Margaret. World now at the start of 2009 influenza pandemic, Statement to the press by WHO Director-General Dr Margaret Chan 11 June 2009: http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/statements/2009/h1nl_pandemic_phase6_20 09061 1/en/index.html. September 2012.

Abbott Laboratories ${ \mathfrak { c } } / { \mathfrak { o } }$ Darren Clarke 1300 East Touhy Avenue Des Plaines, Illinois, 60018

Re: k121003 Trade/Device Name: Abbott Plex-ID Flu Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OEP, OQW, OTA Dated: December 15, 2012 Received: December 17, 2012

Dear Mr. Clarke:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls)or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- (5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 4.0 Indications of Use Statement

Indications for Use for the PLEX-ID Flu:

The PLEX-ID Flu assay is a qualitative nucleic acid in vitro diagnostic test intended for the detection and differentiation of influenza A H1N1 (2009), influenza A H1N1 (seasonal), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal) and influenza B viral nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab specimens from patients symptomatic for respiratory tract infection. The PLEX-ID Flu assay is intended for use on the PLEX-ID System (version 1.2) as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information. This assay is not intended to detect influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)