# K122189

Quidel Corporation

# Section 05, 510(k) Summary

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7910 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Quality Affairs   
1055 East State Street   
Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 - Corporate number   
740-589-3373 - Desk phone   
740-593-8437 - Fax   
lollar@dhiusa.com

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

July 20, 2012

# Device Name:

Trade name - Quidel Molecular $\mathbf { R S V } + \mathbf { h M P V }$ Assay   
Classification name  Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay   
Product Code - OEM, OCC   
Regulation - 21 CFR 866.3980

Legally marketed devices to which equivalence is claimed:

Gen-Probe Prodesse ProFlu $+$ (k092500)

The $\mathrm { P r o F l u ^ { T M } + }$ Assay is a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection and discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test is intended for use to aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect Influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza or RSV virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. It is recommended that negative RSV results be confirmed by culture.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza $\mathsf { \bf A } / \mathsf { \bf H } 3$ and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Gen-Probe Prodesse Pro hMPV $^ +$ (k082688)

The Pro $\mathbf { \hslash } \mathbf { M P V } +$ Assay is a Real Time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of human Metapneumovirus (hMPV) nucleic acid isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal swab (NP) specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. This assay targets a highly conserved region of the Nucleocapsid gene of hMPV. The detection of hMPV nucleic acid from symptomatic patients aids in the diagnosis of human respiratory hMPV infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. This test is not intended to differentiate the four genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

# Intended Use:

The Quidel Molecular $\mathtt { R S V } + \mathtt { h M P V }$ assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR assay for the in vitro qualitative detection and identification of respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus viral RNA extracted from nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. This in vitro diagnostic test is intended to aid in the differential diagnosis of respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus infections. This test is not intended to differentiate the four genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude RSV or hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

# Device Description:

The Quidel Molecular $\mathtt { R S V } + \mathtt { h M P V }$ Assay detects viral nucleic acids that have been extracted from a patient sample using the NucliSENS $^ { © }$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ automated extraction platform. A multiplex RT-PCR reaction is carried out under optimized conditions in a single tube generating amplicons for each of the target viruses present in the sample. This reaction is performed utilizing either the Cepheid SmartCycler® II or the Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast DX. Identification of RSV and hMPV and the PRC occurs by the use of target-specific primers and fluorescent-labeled probes that hybridize to conserved regions in the genomes of RSV and hMPV and the PRC.

The following is a summary of the procedure:

1. Sample Collection: Obtain nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs specimens using standard techniques from symptomatic patients. Transport, store, and process these specimens according to established laboratory procedures.'

2. Nucleic Acid Extraction: Extract Nucleic Acids from the specimens with the NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System following the manufacturer's instructions and using the appropriate reagents (See Materials Required but Not Provided).

Prior to the extraction procedure, add $2 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the Process Control (PRC) to each $1 8 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquot of specimen. The PRC serves to monitor inhibitors in the extracted specimen, assures that adequate amplification has taken place, and confirms that the nucleic acid extraction was sufficient.

3. Rehydration of Master Mix: Rehydrate the lyophilized Master Mix using the Rehydration Solution. The Master Mix contains oligonucleotide primers, fluorophore and quencher-labeled probes targeting conserved regions of RSV and hMPV, as well as the process control sequence.

4. Nucleic Acid Amplification and Detection: Add $1 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the rehydrated Master Mix to each reaction tube or plate well. Then add $5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of extracted nucleic acids (specimen with PRC) to the plate well or appropriately labeled reaction tube. Place the tube or plate into either the SmartCycler® II or 7500 Fast Dx instruments, respectively.

Once the reaction tube or plate is added to the instrument, initiate the assay protocol. This protocol initiates reverse transcription of the RNA targets generating complementary DNA, and the subsequent amplification of the target amplicons occurs. The Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { \ R S V + \ h M P V }$ assay is based on TaqMan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ chemistry and uses an enzyme with reverse transcriptase, DNA polymerase, and $5 ^ { \prime } { - } 3 ^ { \prime }$ exonuclease activities. During DNA amplification, this enzyme cleaves the probe bound to the complementary DNA sequence, separating the quencher dye from the reporter dye. This step generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation by a light source of the appropriate wavelength. With each cycle, additional dye molecules are separated from their quenchers resulting in additional signal. If sufficient fluorescence is achieved by 50 cycles on the SmartCycler® II or 35 cycles on the ABI 7500 Fast $\mathbf { D x } .$ , the sample is reported as positive for the detected nucleic acid.

# Device Comparison

The Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { \mathbf { R S V + h M P V } }$ assay will be compared to legally marketed RT-PCR assays. The characteristics of Quidel Molecular $\mathbb { R } \mathbb { S } \mathbb { V } +$ hMPV assay ("Subject Device") and the Prodesse ProFlu $^ +$ and Pro hMPV+ ("Predicate Devices") are described in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Subject Device and Comparator Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuidel MolecularRSV + hMPV Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceProdesse ProFlu+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceProdesse ProhMPV+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Quidel MolecularRSV + hMPV assay isa multiplex Real TimeRT-PCR assay for thein vitro qualitativedetection andidentification ofrespiratory syncytialvirus and humanmetapneumovirusviral RNA extractedfrom nasal andnasopharyngeal swabsspecimens with signsand symptoms ofrespiratory infection.This in vitrodiagnostic test isintended to aid in thedifferential diagnosisof respiratorysyncytial virus andhumanmetapneumovirusinfections. This test isnot intended to</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ProFluTM+ Assayis a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR)in vitro diagnostic testfor the rapid andqualitative detectionand discrimination ofInfluenza A Virus,Influenza B Virus, andRespiratory SyncytialVirus (RSV) nucleicacids isolated andpurified fromnasopharyngeal (NP)swab specimensobtained fromsymptomatic patients.This test is intendedfor use to aid in thedifferential diagnosisof Influenza A,Influenza B and RSVviral infections inhumans and is notintended to detectInfluenza C.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Pro hMPV+Assay is a Real TimeRT-PCR in vitrodiagnostic test for thequalitative detection ofhumanMetapneumovirus(hMPV) nucleic acidisolated and purifiedfrom nasopharyngealswab (NP) specimensobtained fromindividuals exhibitingsigns and symptoms ofacute respiratoryinfection. This assaytargets a highlyconserved region ofthe Nucleocapsid geneof hMPV. Thedetection of hMPVnucleic acid fromsymptomatic patientsaids in the diagnosis ofhuman respiratoryhMPV infection if</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">differentiate the fourgenetic sub-lineagesof hMPV.Negative results donot preclude RSV orhMPV infection andshould not be used asthe sole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor other patientmanagementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative results do notpreclude influenza orRSV virus infectionand should not be usedas the sole basis fortreatment or othermanagement decisions.It is recommended thatnegative RSV resultsbe confirmed byculture.Performancecharacteristics forInfluenza A Viruswere established whenInfluenza A/H3 andA/H1 were thepredominant InfluenzaA viruses incirculation. Whenother Influenza Aviruses are emerging,performancecharacteristics mayvary.If infection with anovel Influenza Avirus is suspectedbased on currentclinical andepidemiologicalscreening criteriarecommended bypublic healthauthorities, specimensshould be collected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">used in conjunctionwith other clinical andlaboratory findings.This test is notintended todifferentiate the fourgenetic sub-lineages ofhMPV.Negative results do notpreclude hMPVinfection and shouldnot be used as the solebasis for diagnosis,treatment or othermanagement decisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">with appropriateinfection controlprecautions for novelvirulent Influenzaviruses and sent tostate or local healthdepartment for testing.Viral culture shouldnot be attempted inthese cases unless aBSL 3+ facility isavailable to receiveand culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">respiratory syncytialvirus, hMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasal swab,nasopharyngeal swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasopharyngeal swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasopharyngeal swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExtractionMethods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieuxeasyMAG AutomatedMagnetic ExtractionReagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche MagNA PureLC Total Nucleic AcidIsolation Kit or thebioMérieux easyMAGAutomated MagneticExtraction Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche MagNA PureLC Total Nucleic AcidIsolation Kit or thebioMérieux easyMAGAutomated MagneticExtraction Reagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system fordetecting the presenceor absence of viralRNA in clinicalspecimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system fordetecting the presenceor absence of viralRNA in clinicalspecimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system fordetecting the presenceor absence of viralRNA in clinicalspecimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay usingdifferent reporter dyesfor each target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay usingdifferent reporter dyesfor each target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay usingdifferent reporter dyesfor each target</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV: L viralpolymerase and NS2genes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: MatrixGene;Influenza B: Non-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleocapsid</td></tr></table>

# Quidel Corporation

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Subject Device and Comparator Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceQuidel MolecularRSV + hMPV Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceProdesse ProFlu+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceProdesse ProhMPV+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV: RNApolymerase gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>structural NS1 andNS2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The analyticalsensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) ofthe Quidel MolecularhMPV assay wasdetermined usingquantified(TCID5o/mL) culturesof 2 RSV strains and4 hMPV strains (A1,A2, B1, B2) seriallydiluted in negativenasopharyngealmatrix. Each dilutionwas extracted usingthe NucliSENSeasyMAG System andtested in replicates of20 per concentrationof virus on both theApplied Biosystems®7500 Fast Dxplatform. Analyticalsensitivity (LoD) isdefined as the lowestconcentration atwhich 95% of allreplicates testedpositive, ranged from10-1 to 10&#x27;TCD50/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The analyticalsensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) ofthe ProFlu+ Assay wasdetermined usingquantified(TCD50/mL) culturesof 4 Influenza A (2H1N1 and 2 H3N2), 2Influenza B, 2Respiratory SyncytialVirus Type A, and 2Respiratory SyncytialVirus Type B strainsserially diluted innasopharyngealclinical matrix. Eachviral strain wasextracted using theRoche MagNA PureLC instrument andtested in replicates of20 per concentration ofvirus.Analytical sensitivity(LoD), as defined asthe lowestconcentration at which95% of all replicatestested positive, rangedfrom 10^²2 to 10-1TCID50/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The analyticalsensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) ofthe Pro hMPV+ Assaywas determined usingquantified(TCD50/mL) culturesof 2 hMPV (subtypeA2 and subtype B2)strains serially dilutedin nasopharyngealclinical matrix. Eachviral strain wasextracted using theRoche MagNA PureLC instrument andtested in replicates of20 per concentration ofvirus.Analytical sensitivity(LoD) as defined asthe lowestconcentration at which≥ 95% of all replicatestested positive, rangedfrom 10^{ - 10TCD50/mL.</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance:

# Reproducibility:

The reproducibility of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathrm { \ R S V + \ h M P V }$ assay was evaluated at 3 laboratory sites. Reproducibility was assessed using a panel of 4 simulated samples that include medium (5x LoD) and low $( 2 \mathbf { x } \ L \mathbf { o D } )$ , high negative $( \mathbf { 0 . 3 x \ L o D } )$ RSV, hMPV and negative samples. Panels and controls were tested at each site by 2 operators for 5 days (triplicate testing $\tt { x 2 }$ operators x 5 days x 3 sites $= 9 0$ results per level for each virus). The LoD values are based on the values obtained in the LoD study. The panels and controls were extracted using the bioMérieux easyMAG system and tested on the Cepheid SmartCycler® II and the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast DX.

<table><tr><td colspan="11" rowspan="1">Reproducibility Results - Cepheid SmartCycler</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Panel MemberID</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV HighNegative 0.06xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV LowPositive2x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV MedPositive 5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV NegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV HighNegative 0.06xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/30.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV LowPositive2x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV MedPositive 5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPVNegative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPVNegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="11" rowspan="1">Reproducibility Results - Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast Dx                                                 t</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Panel MemberD   ,</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV HighNegative 0.06xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV LowPositive2x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV MedPositive 5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV NegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV HighNegative 0.06xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">,20.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV LowPositive2x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87/90.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV MedPositive 5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPVNegative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPVNegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td></tr></table>

The data from the combined sites indicates that the Quidel Molecular $\mathbf { R } \mathbb { S } \mathbb { V } +$ hMPV assay generates reproducible results for RSV and hMPV when tested with the Cepheid SmartCycler® II and the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx.

# Limit of Detection

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { R S V + \ h M P V }$ assay was determined using quantified $\mathrm { ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ cultures of 2 RSV strains and 4 hMPV strains (1 A1, 1 A2, 1 B1, 1B2) serially diluted in negative nasopharyngeal matrix. Each dilution was extracted in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus using the NucliSENS easyMAG System and tested on both the 7500 Fast Dx or Cepheid SmartCycler® II platforms. Analytical sensitivity (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LoD Value Summary for the 7500 Fast Dx &amp; SmartCycler</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD TCIDg/mL 7500 Fast Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD TCIDs/mLSmartCycler</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.29E-01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89E+00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5E-01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5E-01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV-A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.645E+01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.91E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.91E+00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bMPV-B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.88E+00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV-B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25E+00</td></tr></table>

# Analytical reactivity (inclusivity)

The reactivity of the Quidel Molecular $\mathbf { R S V + h M P V }$ assay was evaluated against multiple strains of RSV and hMPV. The clinical panel consisted of 13 RSV strains and 12 hMPV strains (3 A-1, 2 A-2, 3 B-1, and 4 B-2). Each panel member was extracted using the NucliSens easyMAG instrument and tested in triplicate.

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">RSV Inclusivity Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(7500 Dx)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(SmartCycler)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Long</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.89E+0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.38E-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Washington</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95E+0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WC-026</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WC-189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MHIA - 0022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MHIA - 0020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MHIA - 0016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chile - 424</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chile - 457</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WC - 229</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WC - 192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">hMPV Inclusivity Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(7500 Dx)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(SmartCycler)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Italy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.11E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Italy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20E+0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Italy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.50E+1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peru2-2002 G Gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.17E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perul-2002 G Gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peru3-2003 G Gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peru6-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.01E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA3-2002 G Gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA10-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA18-2003 G Gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.61E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA14-2003 G Gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05E+2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# Analytical specificity (cross-reactivity)

The analytical specificity of the Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { R S V + h M P V }$ assay was evaluated by testing a panel consisting of 27 viruses, 24 bacteria and 1 yeast strain representing common respiratory pathogens or fiora commonly present in nasopharynx. Samples were extracted using the NucliSENS easyMAG instrument and tested in triplicate. Analytical specificity of the Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { R S V + h M P V }$ assay was $100 \%$ .

Organisms used for the study were the following:

# Viruses

Influenza A/Mexico/4108/2009, Influenza B/Florida/04/2006, Adenovirus 1/Adenoid 71, Adenovirus 2, Adenovirus 3, Adenovirus 4, Adenovirus 5, Adenovirus 7, Adenovirus 11, Adenovirus 14, Adenovirus 31, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus OC43, Coxsackievirus B4, Coxsackievirus B5/10/2006, Cytomegalovirus, Echovirus 7, Echovirus 9, Echovirus 6, Echovirus

1 1, Enterovirus 71, Enterovirus 70, Epstein Barr Virus, HSV Type 1 Maclnytre strain, Human Rhinovirus, HSV Type 2 G strain, Measles virus, Mumps virus, Parainfluenza Type 1, Parainfluenza Type 2, Parainfluenza Type 3, Parainfluenza Type 4, Varicella Zoster Virus

# Bacteria

Bordetella pertussis, , Bordetella bronchiseptica, Chlamydophila pneumonia, Chlamydia trachomatis, Legionella pneumophila, Mycobacterium intracellulare, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Mycobacterium avium, Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenza, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Proteus vulgaris, Proteus mirabilis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, Neisseria menigitidis, Neisseria mucosa, Klebsiella pneumonia, Escherichia coli, Moraxella catarrhalis, Corynebacterium diptheriae, Lactobacillus plantarum, Streptococcus pneumonia, Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus salivarius, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus aureus

Yeast Candida albicans

# Clinical Performance:

Performance characteristics of the Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { R S V + h M P V }$ assay using the Cepheid SmartCycler® II instrument and the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx platform were established during a prospective study during the 2012 respiratory virus season (January to March 2012). Samples used for this study were fresh (414) and frozen (600) swab specimens that were collected for routine respiratory virus testing four sites across the United States. A single specimen was collected per patient and tested (direct specimen DFA and culture with DFA) for RSV immediately after collection. The specimens were extracted with the bioMériuex easyMAG and tested with Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { \ R S V + \ h M P V }$ assay. Aliquots of each specimen were sent to a central location for testing with a FDA Cleared hMPV molecular test.

# Cepheid SmartCycler 11

One thousand and fourteen (1014) specimens were tested by both the subject and comparative methods for RSV. Five specimens were contaminated in cell culture $( 0 . 5 \% )$ . Results for the remaining 1009 specimens are detailed in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Combined Site - Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DSFA &amp; CellCulturew/DFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>QM RSV +hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>848</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\* All originally discordant specimens were positive for RSV by an FDA-cleared RT-PCR assay. All specimens were also positive for RSV by bi-directional sequence analysis.

Nine hundred and sixty (960) specimens were tested by both the subject and comparative devices for hMPV (the comparator device was unavailable to complete comparison testing). Nine specimens were invalid in the comparative device $( 0 . 9 \% )$ .Results for the remaining 951 specimens are detailed in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Combined Site - Human metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pro hMPV+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>QM RSV +hMPV   .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>798</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>801</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>951</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\*Aloriginally discordant specimens were positive for hMPV by bi-directional sequence analysis.

# Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx

One thousand and fourteen (1014) specimens were tested by both the subject and comparative methods for RSV. Five specimens were contaminated in cell culture $( 0 . 5 \% )$ . Two specimens were invalid in the subject methods $( 0 . 2 \% )$ .Results for the remaining 1,007 specimens are detailed in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Combined Site - Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>DSFA &amp; CellCulture w/DFA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>QM RSV + hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>839</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

$\ast _ { 2 5 }$ of 28 originally discordant specimens were positive for RSV by a FDA-cleared RTPCR assay. 27 of 28 specimens were positive for RSV by bi-directional sequence analysis.

Nine hundred and fifty seven (957) specimens were tested by both the subject and comparative devices for hMPV (the comparator device was unavailable to complete comparison testing). Nine (9) specimens were invalid in the comparative device $( 0 . 9 \% )$ . Two (2) specimens were invalid in the subject methods $( 0 . 2 \% )$ . Results for the remaining 946 specimens are detailed in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Combined Site - Human metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pro hMPV+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>QM RSV +hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativepercentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>793</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>796</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Al iginally discordnt specimens wee positive r M by bi-directional sequence analysis.

# Conclusions

Quidel Molecular $ { \mathrm { R S V } } +  { \mathrm { h M P V } }$ Assay yielded good sensitivity and specificity for RSV with nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs when compared to a direct specimen DFA and cell culture with DFA.

Quidel Molecular $\mathrm { R S V \mathrm { ~ + ~ } h M P V }$ Assay yielded good positive and negative percent agreement with nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs compared to a $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ cleared molecular device.

Quidel Corporation   
C/O Ronald H. Lollar   
1055 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701

Re: k122189 Trade/Device Name: Quidel® Molecular $\mathrm { R S V + h M P V }$ Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OEM, OCC Dated: January 28, 2013 Received: January 29, 2013

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your devie isclassied seeabove)into either classII (Specil Controls)orclass II MA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Codeof Federal Regulations, Tile 1, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 510(k) Number (if known): k122189

Device Name: Quidel® Molecular RSV $+$ hMPV Assay

# Indication for Use:

The Quidel Molecular $\mathsf { R S V + h M P V }$ assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR assay for the qualitative detection and identification of respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus RNA extracted from nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. This in vitro diagnostic test is intended to aid in the differential diagnosis of respiratory syncytial virus and human metapneumovirus infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This test is not intended to differentiate the two subtypes of RSV or the four genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude RSV infection and/or hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

# Tamara V. Feldblyum -S 2013.03.08 15:11:17 -05'00'

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
510(k) K122189