# 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

# DEC 2 1 2012

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Phone number: (408) 400-8230 Fax number: (408) 541-6439

Contact: Kerry J. Flom, Ph.D.

Date of Preparation:

Device:

Automated, multiplex real-time reverse transcriptionpolymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and 2009 H1N1 influenza viral RNA.

Regulation number/ 866.3332/Reagents for detection of specific novel influenza A Classification name: viruses, and 866.3980/Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay

OQW, OCC, 001

Product code: Classification Advisory Panel

Microbiology (83)

Predicate Device:

Cepheid Xpert Flu Assay [510(k) #K120911]

# Device Description:

The Xpert Flu Assay is a rapid, automated in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and influenza A, subtype 2009 H1N1. The assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert Instrument Systems. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems automate and integrate sample purification, nucleic acid amplification, and detection of the target sequence in simple or complex samples using real-time PCR and RT-PCR assays. The systems require the use of single-use disposable cartridges that hold the PCR reagents and host the PCR process. Because the cartridges are self-contained and specimens never come into contact with working parts of the instrument modules, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

The Xpert Flu Assay includes reagents for the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and influenza A, subtype 2009 H1N1 directly from nasal aspirates/washes (NA/W) and nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens from patients suspected of having influenza. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are also included. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the target viruses and to monitor the presence of inhibitors in the PCR reaction. The Probe Check Control (PCC) verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity and dye stability.

The liquid specimen (NA/W) or swab specimen (NP) is collected according to the institution's standard procedures and placed into Universal Transport Medium ( $3 \mathrm { m L }$ UTM tubes). Following a brief mixing by inverting the UTM tube five times, the eluted material and one single-use reagent (Reagent 1), that is provided with the assay, are transferred to different, uniquely-labeled chambers of the disposable fluidic cartridge (the Xpert Flu cartridge). The user initiates a test from the system user interface and places the cartridge into the GeneXpert instrument platform, which performs hands-off realtime, multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for detection of DNA. In this platform, additional sample preparation, amplification, and real-time detection are all fullyautomated and completely integrated.

The single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridges are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time PCR for detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and influenza A, subtype 2009 H1N1 in 75 minutes. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems, which consist of the GeneXpert Dx System, the GeneXpert Infinity-48 System, and the GeneXpert Infinity-80 System, have 1 to 80 randomly accessible modules that are each capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary ICORE® thermocycler for performing real-time PCR and detection.

# Device Intended Use:

The Cepheid Xpert® Flu Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is an automated, multiplex real-time RT-PCR assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and 2009 H1N1 influenza viral RNA. The Xpert Flu Assay uses nasal aspirates/washes and nasopharyngeal swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The Xpert Flu Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2009-2010 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza was the predominant influenza A virus in circulation. Performance characteristics for influenza A were confirmed when influenza

A/H3 and influenza A/2009 H1N1 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation (2009-2010, 2010-2011 and 2011-2012). When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Xper Flu As is bstaiuivalnt  the urret Xper Flu Assy [0k #K120911].

Similarities and differences between the Cepheid Xpert Flu Assay and the predicate device are shown in Table 5.1.

A clinical comparison study was conducted using prospectively collected archived and/or pre-selected banked specimens to compare the modified Xpert Flu Assay performance to the previously cleared Xpert Flu Assay.

Table 5.1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the modified Xpert Flu Assay with the Predicate Device, Xpert Flu Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Cepheid Xpert Flu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#K123191</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#K120911</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3332 and 866.3980</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OQW, OCC, 001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology/Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex real time RT/PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid Xpert® Flu Assay,performed on the GeneXpertInstrument Systems, is an automated,multiplex real-time RT-PCR assayintended for the in vitro qualitativedetection and differentiation ofinfluenza A, influenza B and 2009H1N1 influenza viral RNA. The XpertFlu Assay uses nasal aspirates/washesand nasopharyngeal swab specimenscollected from patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratory infection in</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid Xpert® Flu Assay is anautomated, multiplex real-time RT-PCRassay intended for the in vitro qualitativedetection and differentiation of influenzaA, influenza B and 2009 H1N1 influenzaviral RNA. The Xpert Flu Assay usesnasal aspirates/washes andnasopharyngeal swab specimens collectedfrom patients with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection in conjunction withclinical and epidemiological risk factors.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">conjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors. The XpertFlu Assay is intended as an aid in thediagnosis of influenza.Negative results do not precludeinfluenza virus infection and should notbe used as the sole basis for treatment orother patient management decisions.Performance characteristics forinfluenza A were established during the2009-2010 influenza season when 2009H1N1 influenza was the predominantinfluenza A virus in circulation.Performance characteristics forinfluenza A were confirmed wheninfluenza A/H3 and influenza A/2009H1N1 were the predominant influenzaA viruses in circulation (2009-2010,2010-2011 and 2011-2012). Whenother influenza A viruses are emerging,performance characteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza Avirus is suspected based on currentclinical and epidemiological screeningcriteria recommended by public healthauthorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infectioncontrol precautions for novel virulentinfluenza viruses and sent to state orlocal health department for testing. Viralculture should not be attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive and culturespecimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert Flu Assay is intended as an aidin the diagnosis of influenza.Negative results do not preclude influenzavirus infection and should not be used asthe sole basis for treatment or otherpatient management decisions.Performance characteristics for influenzaA were established during the 2009-2010influenza season when 2009 H1N1influenza was the predominant influenzaA virus in circulation. When otherinfluenza A viruses are emerging,performance characteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virusis suspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteriarecommended by public healthauthorities, specimens should be collectedwith appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulent influenzaviruses and sent to state or local healthdepartment for testing. Viral cultureshould not be attempted in these casesunless a BSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patients with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection in conjunction withclinical and epidemiological risk factors.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, influenza B, and influenzaA, subtype 2009 H1N1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal aspirates/washes (NA/W) andNasopharyngeal (NP) swabs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RT/PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExtractionMethods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparation integrated inGeneXpert Cartridge and GeneXpertInstrumentation System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Encapsulated (armored) RNApseudovirus as a sample processingcontrol.Available but not provided are inactivatedvirus controls for Flu A/B and Flu A 2009HIN1 as external positive controls andCoxsackie virus as an external negativecontrol.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rapid test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total 75 minutes for sample preparationand rRT-PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers andprobes forinfluenza A,influenza B, andinfluenza Asubtype 2009HINI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same plus an additional primer forInfluenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Original primers and probes to detect thepresence of nucleic acid sequences ofinfluenza A, influenza B, and influenza,subtype 2009 HIN1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory Users</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLIA Moderate or High Complexity</td></tr></table>

# Non-Clinical Studies:

# Analytical Sensitivity

Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the Xpert Flu Assay was evaluated against forty (40) strains of influenza A (H1N1, H3N2, H5N2, H5N1 and H7N3 subtypes), influenza A 2009 H1N1 and influenza B. Of these, influenza A subtype H1N1 (11), influenza A subtype H3N2 (9), influenza A subtype 2009 H1N1 (6), influenza A subtype H5N1 (1), influenza A subtype H5N2 (1), influenza A subtype H7N3 (1), and influenza B (11) were included. Twelve of the 40 influenza strains evaluated in this study were tested at the LoD concentration while all remaining strains were tested using viral stocks at 5-250 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ .Three (3) replicates were tested for each strain. Results are shown in Table 5.2.

Table 5.2: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results of the Xpert Flu Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(TCID50/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A2009 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Denver/1/57 (H1N1)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Hawaii/15/2001 (H1N1)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Mal/302/54 (H1N1)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/New Jersey/8/76 (H1N1)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/NWS/33 (H1N1)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/PR/8/34 (H1N1)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Taiwan/42/06 (H1N1)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Swine/1976/31 (SwineH1N1)^2$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Swine/lowa/15/30 (SwineHINI)^$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Brisbane/59/07 (H1N1), b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/NewCaledonia/20/1999(H1N1)^ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Brisbane/10/07 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Victoria/361/2011(H3N2)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Victoria/3/75 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Aichi2/68 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Hong Kong/8/68 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/NewYork/55/2004 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Port Chalmers/1/73(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Wisconsin/67/05 (H3N2)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Perth/16/2009 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/SwineNY/01/2009(09 H1N1)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/SwineNY/02/2009(09 H1N1)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/SwineNY/03/2009(09 H1N1)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration:(TCID50/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A2009 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza.B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/California/7/2009(09 H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Canada/6294(09 H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Wisconsin/629-S1(09 H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Mallard/WI/34/75 (H5N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 pg/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Anhui/02/2005/PR8-IBCDC-RG5 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.122 pg/μLc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/chicken/NJ/15086-3/94(H7N3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 pg/μLc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/02/06b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/07/04b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Panama/45/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr></table>

aSeasonal influenza A H1N1 (not $2 0 0 9 \mathrm { H i N 1 }$ ) Strains (12) used in analytical LOD study and tested at limit of detection Concentration expressed in picograms/µL

# Analytical Sensitivity

Limit of Detection

Studies were performed to determine the analytical limit of detection (LoD) of 2 seasonal influenza A (H1N1), 3 seasonal influenza A (H3N2), 5 influenza A $2 0 0 9 \mathrm { H } 1 \mathrm { N } 1$ and 2 influenza B strains diluted into a surrogate nasopharyngeal matrix. The surrogate matrix consisted of $1 \%$ human blood, $2 . 5 \%$ mucin and $0 . 8 5 \%$ sodium chloride. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration (tissue culture infective dose $[ \mathrm { T C I D } ] _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ per sample that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples with $9 5 \%$

confidence or the lowest concentration at which 19 of 20 replicates were positive. Each strain was tested in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus.

The LoD was determined empirically as the first concentration that had 19/20 or 20/20 positive results. The LoD values for each strain tested are summarized in Tables 5.3 5.6.

Table 5.3: Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I \dot { D } _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ - Seasonal Influenza A H1N1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID - Influenza A subtypeH1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/H1/Brisbane/59/07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/H1/NewCaledonia/20/1999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5.4: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ - Seasonal Influenza A H3N2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID - Influenza A subtypeH3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL) (at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/H3/Brisbane/10/07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/H3/Wisconisin/67/05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5.5: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ Influenza A 2009 H1N1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID - Influenza Asubtype 2009 H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL) (at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/SwineNY/01/2009(Lot #1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 (19/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/SwineNY/01/2009(Lot #2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125 (19/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/SwineNY/02/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/SwineNY/03/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Canada/6294/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 (19/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/WI/629-S1/2009(D00015)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5.6: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ - Influenza B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID - Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL) (at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Florida/02/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (19/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Florida/07/04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity of the Xpert Flu Assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 40 cultures consisting of 18 viral, 21 bacterial, and one yeast representing common respiratory pathogens or those potentially encountered in the nasopharynx. Three replicates of all bacterial and yeast strains were tested at concentrations $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ Three replicates of all viruses were tested at concentrations $\geq 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ Purified nucleic acids (copies/mL) were tested for one virus strain (Cytomegalovirus) and one bacterial strain (Bordetella pertussis). Positive and negative controls were included in the study. The analytical specificity was $100 \%$ Results are shown in Table 5.7.

Table 5.7: Analytical Specificity for Xpert Flu Assaya   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(per Cartridge)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A2009 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Control 1 - InfluenzaA/Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Control 2 - Influenza A2009 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 x10° TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x10' TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5x104 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6 x104 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7x10' Copies /mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 x105 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1x108 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 x105 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1 x107 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9 x106 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3 x104 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8 x10³ TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3 x106 TCIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3 x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x107 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human HSV Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1 x106 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x10^° TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3 x108 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium xerosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus crispatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis(BCG strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria cinneria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td>Strain</td><td>Concentration (per Cartridge)</td><td>Influenza A</td><td>Influenza A 2009 H1N1</td><td>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td>1x106CFU/mL</td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td>1x10CFU/mL</td><td></td><td></td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td>1x106CFU/mL</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td>1x10CFU/mL</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td>1x106CFU/mL</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Candida albicans</td><td>1x10CFU/mL</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

"Cross reactivity with other swine-origin strains has not been tested. bConcentration not available because these are inactivated viruses. Nucleic acid was tested for Cytomegalovirus and Bordetella pertussis.

# Interfering Substances

Potentially interfering substances that may be present in the nasopharynx were evaluated on representative Flu strains directly relative to the performance of the Xpert Flu Assay. Potentially interfering substances in the nasopharynx may include, but are not limited to: blood, nasal secretions or mucus, and nasal and throat medications used to relieve congestion, nasal dryness, irritation, or asthma and allergy symptoms, as well as antibiotics and antivirals. These substances are listed in Table 5.8 with active ingredients and concentrations tested shown. Highly viscous samples resulting from the addition of $1 . 5 \% \mathrm { ( w / v ) }$ and $2 . 5 \%$ (w/v) mucin yielded false-negative test results from the Xpert Flu Assay. Inhibition of the Xpert Flu Assay was also observed from the addition of $1 \%$ (w/v) mucin, resulting in delayed detection of influenza A, influenza A subtype 2009 H1N1, and influenza B.

Table 5.8: Potentially Interfering Substances in Xpert Flu Assay.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description/Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested inone or more Flu strains</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified mucin protein (Bovine or porcinesubmaxillary gland)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%, 1.5%, 1%, and 0.5%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neo-SynephrineNasal Drops</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anefrin NasalSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zicam® NasalGel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luffa opperculata, Galphimia glauca,Histaminum hydrochloricum Sulfur</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% (v/v)     -</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline NasalSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride with preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic, nasalointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibacterial,systemic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiviral</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oseltamivir (TamiFlu)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deseription/Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested inone or more Flu strains</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat lozenges,oral anestheticand analgesic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menthol.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 mg/mL menthol</td></tr></table>

# Carry-Over Contamination Study

Please refer to the previously FDA-cleared 510(k) #K103766 for additional information.

# Linearity

Please refer to the previously FDA-cleared 510(k) #K103766 for additional information.

# Clinical Performance Characteristics: Reproducibility

Please refer to the previously FDA-cleared 510(k) #K103766 for additional information.

# Instrument System Reproducibility

Please refer to the previously FDA-cleared 510(k) #K103766 and #K120911 for additional information.

# Clinical Performance Characteristics

# Clinical Performance Study

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2009-2010 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza was the predominant influenza A virus in circulation. Performance characteristics for influenza A were confirmed when influenza A/H3 and influenza A/2009 H1N1 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation (2009-2010, 2010-2011 and 2011-2012).

Specimens included frozen leftover, prospectively collected, unlinked prospectively collected archived and/or pre-selected banked nasal aspirates/washes (NA/W) and nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens collected as standard of care (SOC) for patients suspected of influenza infection.

Additionally, ten contrived specimens (five each, NP swab and NA/W) were prepared and tested during this study. Specimens consisted of influenza A/Victoria/361/2011 (H3H2) strain spiked into NP and NA/W matrices, and were included due to the potential low prevalence of this strain in the archived specimen set. These ten specimens (tested blindly as part of the overall specimen cohorts) are analyzed separately and not included in the primary dataset.

The modified Xpert Flu Assay performance was compared to the current Xpert Flu Assay. Sequencing was performed for all discrepant specimens.

# Overall Results

Relative to the Xpert Flu Assay, the modified Xpert Flu Assay demonstrated a positive and negative agreement for detection of influenza A with NA/W specimens of $100 \%$ and $9 8 . 1 \%$ , respectively (Table 5.9). The modified Xpert Flu Assay positive and negative agreement for influenza A subtype 2009 H1N1 with NA/W specimens were $9 7 . 1 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ (Table 5.9). The modified Xpert Flu Assay positive and negative agreement for influenza B with NA/W specimens were $100 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ , respectively (Table 5.9).

Relative to the Xpert Flu Assay, the modified Xpert Flu Assay demonstrated a positive and negative agreement for detection of influenza A with NP swabs of $100 \%$ and $9 5 . 2 \%$ respectively (Table 5.9). The modified Xpert Flu Assay positive and negative agreement for influenza A subtype 2009 H1N1 with NP swabs were $9 8 . 5 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ (Table 5.9). The modified Xpert Flu Assay positive and negative agreement for influenza B with NP swabs were $100 \%$ and $9 9 . 1 \%$ , respectively (Table 5.9).

Table 5.9: Xpert Flu Assay Performance on Prospectively Collected Archived NA/W and NP Swab Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveAgreement %(95 CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeAgreement %(95 CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NA/W</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(97.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1(94.5-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HINI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1(89.8-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6(97.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(84.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6(98.0.-100)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(97.8-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2(91.1-97.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5(92.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6(98.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(87.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1(97.3-99.8)</td></tr></table>

Discepant testig results by sequencing: 2 of 3 Flu A/Perth/16/2009-like; 1 of 3 no sequencig results available. u Discrepant testing results by sequencing:Flu B. patt eult :Flu/Vic6-ie;luPert/0-ik; sequencing results available.

# Contrived Specimens

As expected the ten contrived specimens were Flu A Positive; 2009 H1N1 NOT DETECTED; Flu B Negative by the modified Xpert Flu Assay, and Flu A Negative;

2009 H1N1 NOT DETECTED; Flu B Negative by the current Xpert Flu Assay. Sequencing results for all ten of these specimens were positive for the A/Victoria/361/2001 strain of influenza.

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the modified Xpert Flu Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate Xpert Flu Assay.

Cepheid C/O Kerry J. Flom, Ph.D. 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 94089

Re: K123191 Trade/Device Name: Xpert® Flu Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OQW, 001 Dated: October 9, 2012 Received: October 11, 2012

Dear Dr. Flom:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 - Kerry J. Flom, Ph.D.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Uwe Scherf for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 4.0 Indications for Use

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K123191

Device Name: Xpert® Flu

Indications for Use:

The Cepheid Xpert® Flu Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is an automated, multiplex real-time RT-PCR assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and 2009 H1N1 influenza viral RNA. The Xpert Flu Assay uses nasal aspirates/washes and nasopharyngeal swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The Xpert Flu Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2009-2010 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza was the predominant influenza A virus in circulation. Performance characteristics for influenza A were confirmed when influenza A/H3 and influenza A/2009 H1N1 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation (2009-2010, 2010-2011 and 2011-2012). When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use___ (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR . Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)