# Attachment D 510(k) SUMMARY

# Modification of Prodesse Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay

INTRODUCTION: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis of substantial equivalence.

SUBMITTED BY: Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. 20925 Crossroads Circle Waukesha, WI 53186

Phone: 262-953-8415   
Fax: 262-446-0600

Contact: Karen Harrington, PhD Date Submitted: 12/10/2012

# NAME AND CLASSIFICATION OF DEVICE

Trade Name: ProhMPV $\dotplus$ Assay   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980   
Product Code: OEM   
Classification Name: Nucleic acid amplification assay for human metapneumovirus RNA

# PREDICATE DEVICE

. K082688, Gen-Probe Prodesse Pro hMPV $+$ Assay • K112490, Quidel Molecular hMPV Assay √ K063765, K081483, K091667 Luminex ID-Tag RVP Assay

# INTENDED USE

The Pro hMPVTM+ Assay is a Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of human Metapneumovirus (hMPV) nucleic acid isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal swab (NP) specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infecion.This assay targets a highly conserved region of the Nucleocapsid gene of hM.The detection of hMPVnucleic acid from symptomatic patients aids in the diagnosis of human respiratory hMPV infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. This test is not intended to differentiate the four genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMpV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

# PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

The Pro $\mathrm { \ h M P V + }$ Assay enables detection human Metapneumovirus and Internal Control nucleic acid. Nasopharyngeal swab specimens are collected from patients with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection using a polyester, rayon or nylon tipped swab and placed into viral transport medium.

An Internal Control (C) is added to each sample prior to nucleic acid isolation to monitor for inhibitors present in the specimens. The isolation and purification of the nucleic acids is performed using either a MagNA Pure LC Instrument (Roche) and the MagNA Pure Total Nucleic Acid Isolation Kit (Roche) or a NucliSENS®easyMAGTM System (bioMérieux) and the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents (bioMérieux).

The purified nucleic acids are added to Pro hMPV $^ +$ Supermix along with enzymes included in the Pro $\mathbf { \hslash } \mathbf { M P V } +$ Assay Kit. The Pro hMPV+ Supermix contains oligonucleotide primers and target-specific oligonucleotide probes. The primers are complementary to highly conserved regions of genetic sequences for these respiratory viruses. The probes are dual-labeled with a reporter dye attached to the $5 '$ -end and a quencher dye attached to the $_ { 3 } \cdot$ -end (see table below).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GeneTargeted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbsorbancePeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EmissionPeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentChannel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>humanMetapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleocapsid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quasar 670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>647nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cy_5$</td></tr></table>

Reverse transcription of the RNA in the sample into complementary DNA (cDNA) and subsequent amplification of DNA is performed in a Cepheid SmartCycler® I instrument. In this process, the probe anneals specifically to the template followed by primer extension and amplification. The Pro hMPV+ Assay is based on Taqman chemistry, which utilizes the $5 ' - 3 '$ exonuclease activity of the Taq polymerase to cleave the probe thus separating the reporter dye from the quencher. This generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation from a light source. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, further increasing fluorescent signal. The amount o fluorescence at any given cycle is dependent on the amount of amplification products present at that time. Fluorescent intensity is monitored during each PCR cycle by the SmartCyclerII instrument.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

The Pro $\mathrm { { h M P V + } }$ Assay is substantially equivalent to the Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay (K082688), Quidel Molecular hMPV Assay (K112490) and the Luminex RVP Assay (K063765, K081483, and K091667). All were determined to be class II devices.

The following table compares the Pro hMPV+ Assay to the previously cleared Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay (K082688), Quidel Molecular hMPV Assay (K112490) and the Luminex RVP Assay (K063765, K081483, and K091667).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12.Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.. New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Pro hMPV+Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current ProhMPV+ Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex RVP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K082688</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K063765, K081483,K091667</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3980</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC, OEM, OEP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II   .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class ⅡI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct and differential</td></tr></table>

Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. Pro hMPV+ Assay Special $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ Submission

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Pro hMPV+Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current ProhMPV+ Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex RVP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>qualitativedetection ofhumanmetapneumovirusnucleic acids.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>qualitativedetection ofhumanmetapneumovirusnucleic acids.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>qualitative detection ofhuman metapneumovirus,influenza types A and B,RSV types A and B,Parainfluenza types 1, 2 and3, Adenovirus, andRhinovirus viral nucleicacids.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology/Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real Time RT-PCRDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real Time RT-PCRDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RT-PCRDetection:Amplified products arecoupled to microspheres anddetected usingspectrofluorometric analysis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP swabs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleic AcidIsolation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche MagNAPure LCSystem andbioMérieuxNucliSeNSeasyMAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche MagNAPure LC SystemandbioMérieuxNucliseNseasyMAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NucliSENS®miniMAGextraction Kit (bioMérieux)QIAamp®MiniElute® VirusSpin Kit (Qiagen)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument/AssayPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CepheidSmartCycler IISystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CepheidSmartCycler IISystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex 100 or 200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV positiveRNA transcriptcontrol and anInternal RNAcontrol provided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV positiveRNA transcriptcontrol and anInternal RNAcontrol provided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteriophage lambdapositive control and E. coliMS2 phage Internal Control -ancillary reagents notprovided</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device: Pro hMPV+Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: Current Pro hMPV+Assay (K082688)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Cutoff Cycle for hMPV detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV Positive RNA Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Provided &quot;at use&quot;concentration for RT-PCR(no dilution prior to RT-PCR required).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilute 1: 10 prior to use for RT-PCR</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Comparison Study

The Pro $\mathrm { \ h M P V { + } }$ Assay's supermix was reformulated and performance characteristics were established by comparing the reformulated assay to the original Pro hMPV+ Assay. One hundred eighty-three retrospective nasopharyngeal swab samples collected during 2011  2012 at two sites (Milwaukee, WI and Chicago, IL) were used for this study. hMPV positive and negative NP swab samples were selected forinclusion based on previous site-specific molecular test results.One sample was not used in thefinal analysis as it was Unresolved upon initial and repeat testing with both the original and reformulated

ProhMPV $^ +$ Assays.

True" hMPV positives were considered as any sample that tested positive for hMPV by the original Pro $\mathrm { \hbar \mathbf { M P V } + }$ Assay. "True" hMPV negatives were considered as any sample that tested negative for hMPV by the original Pro hMPV $+$ Assay. Discrepant analysis for samples where the reformulated Pro hMPV+ Assay and the original Pro hMPV+ results were in disagreement was performed using RT-PCR with hMPV specific primers targeting the hMPV phosphoprotein gene followed by bi-directional genetic sequencing.

hMPV Comparison Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Current Pro hMPV+Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PAW od MaNAussy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Positive Agreement 100%(91.80%-100%) 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Negative Agreement 98.6%(94.91%-99.61%) 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\* Two samples tested positive for hMPV by bi-directional sequencing.

# Select Analytic Studies

# Limit of Detection

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Pro hMPV $+$ Assay was determined using quantified $\mathrm { ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ cultures of two hMPV (subtype A2 and subtype B2) strains serially diluted in nasopharyngeal clinical matrix. Each viral strain was processed using the bioMérieux NucliSENS EasyMAG system for extraction and the SmartCycler II Instrument for RT-PCR. The LoD was identical to the original Pro $\mathrm { { h M P V } + }$ Assay for hMPV strain A2 and 0.5 log lower for hMPV strain B2.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration(Original Pro hMPV+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration(Reformulated Pro hMPV+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV subtype A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10^2TCIDso/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10^{2TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV subtype B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10&#x27; TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$1005TCIDso/mL</td></tr></table>

# Positive Control Effectiveness

The Pro $\mathrm { \ h M P V + }$ Control (PC) is a non-infectious in vitro transcribed RNA of the hMPV viral sequence targeted by the New Pro $\mathbf { h } \mathbf { M } \mathbf { P } \mathbf { V } +$ Assay. Its purpose is to test for procedural errors (absence of reagent, instrument failure, etc.) that may result in failure of the assay to detect hMPV. The New Pro hMPV+ Assay uses the PC at a higher concentration than Current Pro hMPV. "Defective" RT-PCR master mixes (e.g. no reverse transcriptase, no Taq polymerase, decreased hMPV primer concentration) were prepared and tested to assess the PC's ability to detect global errors. Each defective mix was tested using 20 replicates of the New Pro $\mathrm { \hslash { M P V ^ { + } } }$ Control. A Negative Control (NC) consisting of Internal Control (IC) in viral transport media was included in each run. For each defective mix, none of the hMPV PC replicates were detected and thus, the New PC was considered effective.

Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay Special 510(k) Submission

# CONCLUSION:

The results of the clinical study indicate that the New Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay is sensitive and specific as compared to the Current Pro $\mathbf { \hphantom { 0 } } \mathbf { h } \mathbf { M } \mathbf { P } \mathbf { V } +$ Assay (K082688). Furthermore, analytical studies support substantial equivalence to the predicate device, the current Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay (K082688).

Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. C/O Karen Harrington, PhD 20925 Crossroads Cir. Waukesha, WI, 53186

Re: K123838 Trade/Device Name: Pro hMPV™ $^ { \bullet } +$ Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OEM Dated: December, 12, 2012 Received: December 17, 2012

Dear Dr. Harrington:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Tite 1, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K

Device Name: Pro hMPV $^ +$ Assay

Indication For Use:

The Prodesse $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Pro hMPVTM+ Assay is a Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of human Metapneumovirus (hMPV) nucleic acid isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal swab (NP) specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infection. This assay targets a highly conserved region of the Nucleocapsid gene of hMPV. The detection of hMPV nucleic acid from symptomatic patients aids in the diagnosis of human respiratory hMPV infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. This test is not intended to differentiate the four genetic sub-lineages of hMPV.

Negative results do not preclude hMPV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)