# 510(K) Summary

510(k) Number: K123197: Verigene® Clostridium difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF)

Summary Preparation Date: November 27, 2012

# Submitted by:

Nanosphere, Inc. 4088 Commercial Avenue Northbrook, IL 60062 Phone: 847-400-9000 Fax: 847-400-9176

# Contact:

Mark A. Del Vecchio Vice President, Regulatory Affairs

Proprietary Names:   
For the instrument:   
Verigene® System   
For the assay:   
Verigene® Clostridium difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF)

# Common Names:

For the instrument:

Bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation

For the assay:

Clostridium difficile Nucleic Acid Test   
Clostridium difficile identification and differentiation system   
C. difficile assay   
C. diff test

Verigene ${ \mathfrak { s } } _ { C }$ difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF) Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification

Regulatory Information: Regulation section: 866.3130

Classification:

Class II

Panel:

Microbiology (83)

Product Code(s):

OZN Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay

Other codes used by predicate devices:

OMN C. difficile nucleic acid test assay LLH Reagents, Clostridium Difficile toxin OCC Respiratory Virus Panel Nucleic Acid System NSU Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems

# Predicate Devices:

Portrait Toxigenic C. Difficile Assay (K1 13358) (Great Basin Scientific)

Xpert C. difficile/Epi Assay (K110203) (Cepheid)

Verigene RVNATsp Test (K092566) (Nanosphere)

# Indications for Use:

The Verigene® Clostridium difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF) is a qualitative multiplexed in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid detection of toxin A (tcdA), toxin B (tcdB), and tcdC gene sequences of toxigenic Clostridium difficile and for presumptive identification of PCR ribotype 027 strains from unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens collected from patients suspected of having C. dificile infection (CDI). Presumptive identification of the PCR ribotype 027 strain of C. diffcile is by detection of the binary toxin $( c d t )$ gene sequence and the single base pair deletion at nucleotide 117 in the tcdC gene. The tcdC gene encodes for a negative regulator in $C .$ difficile toxin production. The test is performed on the Verigene System and utilizes automated specimen preparation and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification, combined with a nanoparticle-based array hybridization assay to detect the toxin gene sequences associated with toxin-producing C. difficile.

The CDF Test is indicated for use as an aid in the diagnosis of CDI. Detection of PCR ribotype 027 strains of C. difficile by the CDF Test is solely for epidemiological purposes and is not intended to guide or monitor treatment for C. difficile infections. Concomitant culture is necessary only if further typing or organism recovery is required.

# Technological Characteristics:

The Verigene C. difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF) is a molecular assay which relies on detection of specific nucleic acid targets in a microarray format. For each of the bacterial nucleic acid sequences detected by CDF, unique Capture and Mediator oligonucleotides are utilized, with gold nanoparticle probe-based endpoint detection. The Capture oligonucleotides are covalently bound to the microarray substrate and hybridize to a specific portion of the nucleic acid targets. The Mediator oligonucleotides have a region which bind to a different portion of the same nucleic acid targets and also have a sequence which allows binding of a gold nanoparticle probe. Specific silver enhancement of the bound gold nanoparticle probes at the capture sites results in gold-silver aggregates that scatter light with high efficiency and provide accurate detection of target capture.

The CDF Test is performed on the Verigene System, a "sample-to-result", fully automated, bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation. The System enables automated nucleic acid extraction from unformed stool specimens (liquid or soft) and detection of bacterial-specific target DNA. The Verigene System consists of two components: the Verigene Reader and the Verigene Processor SP.

The Reader is the Verigene System's user interface, which serves as the central control unit for all aspects of test processing, automated imaging, and result generation using a touch-screen control panel and a barcode scanner. The Verigene Processor $S P$ executes the test procedure, automating the steps of (1) Sample Preparation and Target Amplification  cell lysis and magnetic bead-based bacterial DNA isolation and amplification, and (2) Hybridizationdetection and identification of bacterial-specific DNA in a microarray format by using gold nanoparticle probe-based technology. Once the specimen is loaded by the operator, all other fluid transfer steps are performed by an automated pipette that transfers reagents between wells of the trays and finally loads the specimen into the Test Cartridge for hybridization. Single-use disposable test consumables and a self-contained Verigene Test Cartridge are utilized for each sample tested with the CDF assay.

To obtain the test results after test processing is complete, the user removes the Test Cartridge from the Processor $S P$ , and inserts the substrate holder into the Reader for analysis. Light scatter from the capture spots is imaged by the Reader and intensities from the microarray spots are used to make a determination regarding the presence (Detected) or absence (Not Detected) of a bacterial nucleic acid sequence/analyte. This determination is made by means of software-based decision algorithm resident in the Reader.

# Performance Data - Analytical Testing

Analytical Sensitivity / Limit of Detection (LoD)

Analytical sensitivity (LoD) of the CDF Test was determined for seven strains of C. difficile, representing all major toxinotypes found in North America and including two PCR Ribotype 027 strains. The LoD was defined as the concentration at which the test produces a positive result greater than $9 5 \%$ of the time. Serial dilutions of the strains were tested and the putative LoD confirmed with 20 replicates. The LoDs for the seven strains are shown in the table below and ranged from 63 to $1 2 5 0 \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ of stool. Thus, the study established the overall limit of detection of the CDF Test to be $1 2 5 0 \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ of organism present in stool.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain Designation(Source ID)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalculatedCFU/mL Stoolat LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFU perCDF Test atLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoDConfirmationResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255 (VPI 10463)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1875 (5325)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC 2007858</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX/XXIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC 2009087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC 2009292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25   ×</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43598 (1470)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

Analytical reactivity of the CDF Test was demonstrated with a comprehensive panel of sixtythree (63) independently-confirmed C. difficile strains, tested in triplicate at three times the LoD (i.e. $3 , 7 5 0 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ .The panel was comprised of a wide range of toxinotypes, including toxinotypes 0, I, IV, V, VIII, IX, X, XI, XII, XXI, XXII, IX/XXIII, XIV/XV, and six (6) PCR ribotype 027 strains (toxinotype III).

All tests correctly reported the expected results for the detection of gene sequences for toxigenic C. difficile and for presumptive PCR ribotype 027, with one exception. Strain CDC 2009048 strain, classified by the CDC as Toxinotype XIV/XV, is associated with non-027 strains (Ribotypes 111/122). However, the Verigene CDF Test reported detection of the tcdA, tcdB, binary and tcdC-MUT targets as would be expected for a PCR ribotype 027 strain. Subsequent sequencing of the tcdC gene verified the presence of the Δ1 17 deletion.

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-reactivity)

Ninety-four (94) microorganisms, including two (2) non-toxigenic C. difficile strains and fourteen (14) non C. difficile Clostridium species, along with one human cell line, were tested with the CDF Test to determine analytical specificity. In addition, the cross-reactivity of Clostridium botulinum was evaluated by in silico analysis.

Each bacterial strain was prepared in Negative Stool Matrix and tested in triplicate in concentrations of $\mathsf { 5 } \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \dot { \mathrm { C F U / m L } }$ stool. Two (2) organisms, Cryptosporidium parvum and Giardia lamblia, were tested using genomic DNA at a concentration of $\mathsf { 1 } \times \mathsf { 1 0 } ^ { 6 }$ copies of gDNA. For the viruses, Echovirus 1 1 and Coxsackievirus were tested at $\boldsymbol { 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } }$ PFU/mL stool. Adenovirus, Enterovirus, Cytomegalovirus and Rotavirus were also tested using genomic DNA or RNA at a concentration of $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies per reaction. Noroviruses were tested as clinical samples.

Analytical specificity was observed to be $1 0 0 \% ,$ including that determined by in silico analysis.

# Microbial Interference

Microorganisms that may be encountered in clinical stool samples, but not detected by the CDF Test, were tested in this study to evaluate the potential for microbial interference.

The CDF Test was tested against the same ninety-five (95) organisms/cell line that were used for analytical specificity, at the same medically relevant concentrations, using two strains of toxigenic C. difficile (ATCC BAA-1805 [toxinotype II] and ATCC 43255 [toxinotype 0]) at $1 . 5 \mathbf { x }$ LoD and 3x LoD, respectively.

No interference was observed with the CDF Test for any of the samples tested.

# Interference

Thirty-four (34) products/exogenous substances (shown in the following table) that are possibly encountered in stool samples were evaluated for potential inhibitory effects with the CDF Test. Each interfering substance was evaluated at its "worst case" concentration, against two C. difficile strains (ATCC BAA-1805, ATCC 43255). Additionally, Cary-Blair media was tested. None of the thirty four (34) substances or the Cary-Blair media tested in this study showed any inhibitory effect on the detection of C. difficile using the CDF Test.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stearic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H® Hemorrhoidal Ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aluminum Hydroxide, Reagent Grade</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palmitic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Walgreens Enema Mineral Oil Laxative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Options Conceptrol® Vaginal Contraceptive Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immodium® AD Anti-Diarrheal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab Sample in UniversalTransport Media (UTM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dulcolax® Laxative Suppositories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol Max Strength</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin Suspension</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimenhydrinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exlax® Maximum Strength StimulantLaxative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monistat® 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neosporin® First Aid Antibiotic Ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H® Medicated Wipes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wet Ones® Antibacterial Hand Wipes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole Topical Cream (0.75%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vagisil Anti-Itch Crème Maximum Strength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Y® Personal Lubricant Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen Sodium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H® Anti-tch Hydrocortisone 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaseline Original 100% Pure Petroleum Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin from bovine submaxillaryglands, Type I-S (Dehydrated)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desitin Maximum Strength Original Paste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sarna Anti-Itch Lotion, Sensitive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium Sulfate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gaviscon® Extra Strength Liquid Antacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bile, bovine, dried, unfractioned</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair Medium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phillips&#x27;® Genuine Milk of Magnesia SalineLaxative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tums® Antacid with Calcium Extra Strength 750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Carry-over / Cross-contamination

The potential for carry-over and cross-contamination of the CDF Test on the Verigene system was assessed by alternately testing a high positive C. difficile sample (toxigenic & ribotype 027 Clostridium difficile strain BAA-1805) at $\mathbf { \dot { 5 } \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathbf { C F U / m L }$ ,followed by testing a negative sample, comprising only of CDF-Negative Stool Matrix. The high-titer sample was alternated with the negative sample three times on three unique Verigene $S P$ Processors, for a total of eighteen individual tests. No carry-over or cross-contamination was observed.

# Cutoff Verification

Analytical testing of 59 strains of C. difficile, comprising a range of toxinotypes and nontoxinogenic strains, were performed in duplicate with the CDF Test to verify the cut off values of the two-tiered filter algorithm. Using the established cut-off levels for the assay, the CDF Test correctly detected the expected analytes for all the verification samples.

# Performance Data - Clinical Testing

# Precision

The precision study was conducted in-house by Nanosphere, during which a seven-member Precision Study Sample Panel was tested in duplicate twice daily by two operators for twelve non-consecutive days. This testing regime generated a total of 48 replicates per specimen and an overall total of 336 data points.

The seven sample panel was comprised of two different strains (ATCC 43255 and ATCC BAA1805) at three different concentrations (six positive samples) and one negative sample. This panel included for each strain, a "High Negative" sample, which would be expected to produce a negative result approximately $20 \%$ to $80 \%$ of the time, a "Low Positive" sample, which would be expected to produce a positive result approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, and a "Moderate Positive" sample, which would be expected to yield a positive result approximately $100 \%$ of the time. Results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedOccurrence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agreementwith ExpectedResult*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDF Negative StoolMatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~100%Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%48/48(92.6-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxigenic Wild TypeC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (MP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~100% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%48/48(92.6-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxigenic Wild TypeC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (LP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~95% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%47/48(88.9-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxigenic Wild TypeC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative (HN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~20-80%Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5%6/48(4.725.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicHypervirulentC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (MP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~100% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%48/48(92.6-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicHypervirulentC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (LP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~95% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%46/48(85.699.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicHypervirulentC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative (HN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~20-80%Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.8%10/48(10.5-35.0%)</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

The inter-laboratory reproducibility of the CDF was determined by conducting a reproducibility study at three external sites.Seven samples were tested daily in triplicate by two (2) operators for five (5) non-consecutive days at three (3) sites for a total of ninety (90) tests per sample (3 sites x 2 operators / site x 3 replicates / operator $\mathrm { \bf ~ x } 5 \mathrm { d a y s } = 9 0$ tests per sample). The study tested a total of 630 samples.

The seven (7) sample panel for the reproducibility study was the same panel described previously for the precision study, comprised of two (2) different strains at three (3) different concentrations (six positive samples) and one (1) negative sample. The results of the Reproducibility Study are provided in the table below.

# Verigene ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { C }$ difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF) Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ExpectedOccurrence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Total Agreement with Expected Result*(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDFNegativeStoolMatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~100%Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%90/90(96.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicWild TypeC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive(MP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%90/90(96.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicWild TypeC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive(LP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~95%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%90/90(96.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicWild TypeC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative(HN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~20-80%Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%9/30(14.749.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.30%10/30(17.352.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.70%5/30(5.634.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.70%24/90(17.937.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicHypervirulentC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive(MP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%90/90(96.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicHypervirulentC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive(LP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-95%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.70%29/30(82.899.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.70%29/30(82.899.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.4100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.80%88/90(92.2-99.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxigenicHypervirulentC. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative(HN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~20-80%Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.70%1:1/30(19.956.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.00%12/30(22.759.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.00%9/30(14.749.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.60%32790(25.746.4)</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison

The performance characteristics of the CDF Test were determined in a multi-site prospective investigation study at five U.S. institutions by comparing the Verigene CDF Test results to reference culture followed by cell cytotoxicity testing on the isolates and strain typing on the toxigenic strains by PCR Ribotyping and Bi-Directional Sequencing methods.

Subjects included individuals whose routine care called for C. difficile testing. A portion of each leftover unformed stool specimen was obtained for testing with the CDF Test. In parallel to Verigene CDF Testing, an aliquot of the same specimen was sent to a central laboratory for reference culture and cytotoxin B isolate testing. Each stool specimen was inoculated onto prereduced CCFA-D (cycloserine-cefoxitin-fructose agar-direct plate) and CCMB-Tal (cycloserine cefoxitin mannitol broth with taurocholate lysozyme cysteine). After 24 hours the CCMB-TAL was subcultured onto a second CCFA-E plate (CCFA-Enriched). The direct culture method is referred to hereafter as the "direct culture" and the enriched culture method is referred to hereafter as the "enriched culture".

If C. difficile was isolated from the CCFA-D plate and the isolate was positive by the cell cytotoxicity assay, the specimen was classified as "toxigenic C. dificile positive" and the CCFAE plate was not further analyzed. If no C. difficile was isolated from the CCFA-D plate or if the isolate was negative by the cell cytoxicity assay, the CCFA-E plate was further analyzed.

If CCFA-E was positive for C. difficile and the isolate was positive for cell cytotoxicity assay, the specimen was classified as "toxigenic C. difficile positive". The specimen was reported as "negative" if CCFA-E was negative for C. difficile or the isolate was tested negative by the cell cytotoxicity assay.

Following central site culture testing, the toxigenic C. difficile positive isolates were sent for strain identification by PCR Ribotyping at an external third-party site. In addition to conventional agarose-gel electrophoresis, for added discrimination, PCR products were analyzed using the Agilent 2100 Bioanalyzer with the strain type assignment based on a comparison of isolate sizing profiles with known C. dificile reference strains. The strains were designated into two PCR Ribotyping categories, 027 and non-027.

In parallel, following central culture testing, CDF Test extracted DNA from the cultureconfirmed C. difficile positive isolates or the DNA extracted during the PCR Ribotyping were sent for tcdC Bi-Directional Sequencing. Sequencing templates were prepared by PCR amplification of the stored DNA using sequencing primers. The same set of primers was also ·used for sequencing the amplified material. The PCR primers were designed from conserved ·regions based on multiple sequence alignments of all available sequence entries for each target in GenBank at the time of this study.

The clinical performance of the CDF Test was evaluated against four basic metrics, consisting of the combination of two reference methods for the detection of toxigenic C. difficile and two reference methods for the detection of the 027 (hypervirulent) strain of C. difficile: 1) Direct Culture and PCR Ribotyping, 2) Enriched Culture and PCR Ribotyping, and 3) Direct Culture and Bidirectional Sequencing, and 4) Enriched Culture and Bidirectional Sequencing. The overall performance of the CDF Test evaluated against these metrics is summarized in Table 1

Table 1: Summary of Overall CDF Test Clinical Performance $\mathtt { n } { = } 1 8 7 5$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Toxigenic C. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Toxigenic C. difficile / 027 Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95% CH)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specificity(95%C)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Accuracy(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPV(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPV(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPV(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPV(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DirectCulture &amp;PCRRibotyping</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%154/156(95.5-99.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6%1500/1713(85.9-89.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5%1654/1869(87.0-89.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.0%154/367(36.947.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1500/1502(99.5-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%39/40(86.8-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%1787/1828(97.0-98.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%1826/1869(96.9-98.3) (36.9-59.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.2%39/81(96.9-98.3) (36.9-59.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1787/1788(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EnrichedCulture &amp;PCRRibotyping</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8%247/269(87.9-94.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%1480/1600(91.1-93.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4%1727/1869(91.1-93.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.3%247/367(62.2-72.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%1480/1502(97.8-99.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4%53/58(81.0-97.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%1783/1811(97.8-99.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%1836/1869(97.5-98.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.4%53/81(54.0-75.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%1783/1788(99,4-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DirectCulture &amp;BDSb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%156/158(95.5-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%1500/1715(85.8-89.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%1656/1873(86.9-89.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.1%156/371(37.0-47.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1500/1 502(99.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%42/43(87.7-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%1790/1830(97.0-98.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%1832/1873(97.0-98.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.2%42/82)(39.9-62.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1790/1791(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EnrichedCulture &amp;BDS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9%251/273(88.1-94.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%1480/1600(91.1-93.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4%1731/1873(91.1-93.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.7%251/371(62.6-72.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%1480/1502(97.8-99.1.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7%59/63(84.5-98.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%1787/1810(98.1-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%1846/1873(97.9-99.1)(60.9-81.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.0%59/82(97.9-99.1)(60.9-81.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%1787/1791(99.4.99.9)</td></tr></table>

the result was inconclusive.These ix specimens were not included in the performancecharacteristics above. {b} result was inconclusive. These two specimens were not included in the performance characteristics above.

# Substantial Equivalence

The Verigene C. difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF) is as safe and effective as the combination predicate consisting of the Cepheid Xpert C. difficile/Epi Assay, the Great Basin Scientific Portrait C. difficile assay and the Nanosphere Verigene RVNATsp. CDF has similar intended use and indications, performance characteristics and principles of operation as Cepheid's Xpert C. difficile/Epi Assay and Great Basin Scientific's Portrait C. difficile assay. CDF has similar technological characteristics as Nanosphere's Verigene RVNATsp. The minor differences between CDF and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the CDF is as safe and effective as the predicate devices. Thus, CDF is substantially equivalent.

Nanosphere, Inc. Mr. Mark A. Del Vecchio 4088 Commercial Avenue Northbrook, IL 60062

Re: K123197 Trade/Device Name: Regulation Number: Regulation Name: Regulatory Class: Product Code: Dated: Received:

Verigene® Clostridium difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF)   
21 CFR 866.3130   
C. Difficile Nucleic Acid Amplification Test Assay   
Class II   
OZN   
October 10, 2012   
October 11, 2012

Dear Mr. Del Vecchio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device s classified (seeabove) into either class I (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), t may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 - Mark A. Del Vecchio

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Offict of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally A, Hojvat

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 4. Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): K123197

Device Name: Verigene® Clostridium difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF) on the Verigene®Ssystem

The Verigene® Clostridium difficile Nucleic Acid Test (CDF) is a qualitative multiplexed in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid detection of toxin A (tcdA), toxin B (tcdB), and tcdC gene sequences of toxigenic Clostridium difficile and for presumptive identification of PCR ribotype 027 strains from unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens collected from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDl). Presumptive identification of the PCR ribotype 027 strain of C. difficile is by detection of the binary toxin (cdt) gene sequence and the single base pair deletion at nucleotide 117 in the tcdC gene. The tcdC gene encodes for a negative regulator in C. difficile toxin production. The test is performed on the Verigene System and utilizes automated specimen preparation and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification, combined with a nanoparticle-based array hybridization assay to detect the toxin gene sequences associated with toxin-producing C. difficile.

The CDF Test is indicated for use as an aid in the diagnosis of CDI. Detection of PCR ribotype 027 strains of C. difficile by the CDF Test is solely for epidemiological purposes and is not intended to guide or monitor treatment for C. difficile infections. Concomitant culture is necessary only if further typing or organism recovery is required.

Prescription Use __X and/or Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluatlon and Safety

510(k)_ K123197