K123793

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Submitted By:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7908 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Submission Contact:

John D. Tamerius, Ph.D.

# Date Prepared:

June 11, 2013

Device Trade Name:

Sofia® Strep A FlA and Sofia Analyzer

Common Name:

Strep A immunological test system and Fluorometer

Predicate Devices:

QuickVue® Dipstick Strep A Test, K01 1097   
Sofia Analyzer, K112177

Device Classification/Name:

21 CFR 866.3740 / Streptococcus Group A serological reagents

# Intended Use:

The Sofia Strep A FIA employs immunofluorescence technology to detect Group A Streptococcal antigens from throat swabs of symptomatic patients. All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude Group A Strep infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use as an aid in the diagnosis of Group A Streptococcal infection.

Physiologic Basis of the Test:

Group A Streptococcus is one of the most important causes of acute upper respiratory tract infection. Early diagnosis and treatment of Group A Streptococcal pharyngitis has been shown to reduce the severity of symptoms and serious complications such as rheumatic fever and glomerulonephritis. Conventional procedures for identification of Group A Streptococcus from throat swabs involve the culture, isolation, and subsequent identification of viable pathogen and 24 to 48 hours or longer for results.

# Device Description:

The Sofia Strep A FIA employs immunofluorescence technology that is used with the Sofia Analyzer to detect Group A Streptococcal antigens.

The Sofia Strep A FIA is a lateral-flow immunoassay that uses polyclonal antibodies that are specific for Group A Streptococcal antigens.

Throat swab specimens are used for this test. The patient specimen is placed in the Reagent Tube, during which time the bacteria in the specimen are disrupted, exposing Group A Streptococcal antigens. After disruption, the specimen is dispensed into the cassette sample well. From the sample well, the specimen migrates through a test strip containing various unique chemical environments. If the Group A Streptococcal antigen is present, they will be trapped in a specific location.

Note: Depending upon the user's choice, the cassette is either placed inside of the Sofia Analyzer for automatically timed development (Walk Away Mode) or placed on the counter or bench top for a manually timed development and then placed into the Sofia Analyzer to be scanned (Read Now Mode).

The Sofia Analyzer will scan the test strip and measure the fluorescent signal by processing the results using methodspecific algorithms. The Sofia Analyzer will display the test results (Positive, Negative, or Invalid) on the screen. The results can also be automatically printed on an integrated printer if this option is selected.

# Device Comparison:

Note: The shaded cells in the table below identify where there are differences between the proposed and predicate devices.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ltem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device for Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device for Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%-8Features*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer and Strep A          FIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quick Vue Dipstick Strep ATest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer and Influenza p46i     A+B FIA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Strep A·FIAemploysimmunofluorescencetechnology to detect GroupA Streptococcal antigensfrom throat swabs ofsymptomatic patients. Allnegative test results shouldbe confirmed by bacterialculture because negativeresults do not precludeGroup A Strep infection andshould not be used as thesole basis for treatment. Thetest is intended forprofessional and laboratoryuse as an aid in the diagnosisof Group A Streptococcalinfection              3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QuickVue DipstickStrep A is a sensitiveimmunoassay for thequalitative detection ofGroup A Streptococcalantigen from throat swabspecimens or confirmation ofpresumptive Group AStreptococcal colonies fromculture. This test is to beused to aid in the diagnosisof disease caused by GroupA Streptococcus..</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Influenza A+B FIA employsimmunofluorescence to detect influenzaA and influenza B viral nucleoproteinantigens in nasal swab, nasopharyngealswab, and nasopharyngeal aspirate/washspecimens taken directly fromsymptomatic patients: This qualitativetest is intended for use as an aid in therapid differential diagnosis ofacuteinfluenza A and influenza B viralinfections. The test is not intended todetect influenza C antigens. A negativetest is presumptive and it isrecommended these results be confirinedby virus culture or an FDA-clearedinfluenza A and B molecular assay.Negative results do not precludeinfluenza virus infections and should notbe used as the sole basis for treatment orother maniagement decisions. The test isintended for professional and laboratoryusePerformance characteristics for influenzaA and B were established duringFebruary through March 2011 wheninfluenza viruses A/California/7/2009(2009 HIN1), A/Peith/16/2009 (H3N2),arid B/Brisbane/60/2008 (Victoria-Like)were the predominant influenza viruses.in circulation according to the Morbidityand Mortality Weekly Report from theCDC entitled "Update: InfluenzaActivity--United States, 2010-2011Season, and Composition of the 2011-2012 Influenza Vaccine". Performancecharacteristics may vary against otheremerging influenza viruses.If infection with a novel influenza virusis suspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteriarecommended by public healthauthoritics, specimens should becollected with appropriate infectioncontrol precautions for novel virulentinfluenza viruses and sent to state orlocal health department for testing. Virusculture should not be attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive and culture.specimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device for Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device for Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features:*.$ra}$  :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer and Strep AFIAREatt644A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quick Vue Dipstick Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer and InfluenzaB   A+B FIA.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA FileNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TBD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K011097</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K112177</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Corporation and LRE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Corporation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Corporation and LRE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3740 and 21CFR 866.2560</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3740</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.2560</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationProduct Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GTY and KHO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GTY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">      GNX and KHO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None    i.102 :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group A Streptococcal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group A Streptococcal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influeniza Aand Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomatedAnalysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2Nois,$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrumentscreen or print with optionalprinter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual read for presence orabsence of control and test$     lines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrument screen orprint with optional printer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes - Calibration Cassetteand QC Card provided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 Not Applicable: ut</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes - Calibration Cassette and QCCard provided</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read ResultTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 Minuteserkd$y </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab or culture colonies    ; k, vK</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab,and nasopharyngeal aspirate/wash</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral-flow Test Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral-flow dipstick</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral-flow Test Cassette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AntibodiesUsed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal rabbit antibodiesthat are specific to Group AStreptococcus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal rabbit antibodiesthat are specific to Group AStreptococcus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal antibodies to influenzaA nucleoprotein and monoclonalantibodies to influenza Bnucleoprotein</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionParticle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene microparticlesdyed with Europium chelate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene microparticlesdyed with red colorant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene microparticles dyed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One reagent bottle containingsodium nitrite and acetic acidin glass ampoule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">   Mcontaining sodium nitrite andone containing acetic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized buffer containingdetergents..(d</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TransferDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed volume pipette used totransfer patient sample mixedwith reagent into TestCassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Directly add dipstick to testtube containing patientsample mixed with reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed volume pipette used totransfer patient sample mixed withreagent into Test Cassette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExternalControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive andNegative Control Swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive andNegative Liquid Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive andNegative Control Swabs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features$a      </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer and Strep A, grom55- :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuickVue Dipstick Strep A,t              cy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer and InfluenzaA+B FIA241a$4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControlFeatures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in features include:Built-in proceduralcontrol zone scannedby the analyzer todetermine whetherhiwd dadequate flow occurred3Analyzer prevents usedor expired cartridgefrom being read by theCassette properlyinserted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in procedural control\frac  }$line interpreted by theoperator to determinewhether adequate flowOccurred and clearing ofgaiba ackgground:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in features includeBuilt-in procedural controlzone scanned by the analyzerto determine whether adequateflow occurredAnalyzer prevents used orexpired cartridge from beingread by the readerCassette properly insertedBuilt-in negative control linescanned by the analyzer tomeasure degree of non-specific binding</td></tr></table>

# . Summary of Performance Data:

Numerous studies were undertaken to document the performance characteristics and the substantial equivalence of the test to the predicate device. These studies included the following:

1. A multi-center field clinical study was undertaken to document the performance characteristics of the test. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated using throat swab specimens.   
2. A reproducibility study was performed to demonstrate intra- and inter-operator reproducibility and intra- and inter-laboratory reproducibility with a panel of test samples at various Strep A concentrations.   
Analytical studies included Limit of Detection, analytical inclusivity, cross-reactivit interfering substances, operating temperature, transport stability, inter-analyzer precision, calibration cycle, and various flex studies.

# Conclusion:

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the Sofia Strep A FIA with the Sofia Analyzer to the existing products already marketed, QuickVue Dipstick Strep A Test (K01 1097) and Sofia Analyzer/Sofia Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \ + } \mathbf { B }$ FIA (K112177).

JOHN TAMERIUS  
SR. VICE PRES., CLINICAL AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS  
QUIDEL CORPORATION  
10165 MCKELLAR COURT  
SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K123793 Trade/Device Name: Sofia $\mathfrak { P }$ Strep A FlA and Sofia™ Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcusspp. serological reagents Regulatory Class: I Product Code: GTY, KHO Dated: May 24, 2013 Received: May 28, 2013

Dear Dr. Tamerius:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good,manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Dr. Tamerius

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally A. Hojvat -S

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K123793

Device Name: Sofia Strep A FIA

Indications for Use:

The Sofia Strep A FIA employs immunofluorescence technology to detect Group A Streptococcal antigens from throat swabs of symptomatic patients. All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude Group A Strep infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use as an aid in the diagnosis of Group A Streptococcal infection.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

D1.t2

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
510(k) k /23793