# Modification of FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Panel (RP) to add an additional assay to detect Adenovirus

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitted by:

BioFire Diagnostics, Inc. 390 Wakara Way Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Telephone: 801-736-6354   
Facsimile: 801-588-0507

Contact: Beth Lingenfelter, ext. 407

Date Submitted: November 21, 2012

# Device Name and Classification:

Trade Name: FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Panel (RP)

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980

Classification Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay

# Predicate Device:

FilmArray Respiratory Panel (RP) (K103175, K110764 and K120267)

# Intended Use:

FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Panel (RP) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with the FilmArray Instrument for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the FilmArray RP: Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus, Influenza A, Influenza A subtype H1, Influenza A subtype H3, Influenza A subtype H1-2009, Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Human

Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other management decisions. Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test or, lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the Film Array RP may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Bordetella pertussis, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus OC43, Influenza A H1, Influenza A H3, Influenza A H1-2009, Influenza B, Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, and Parainfluenza Virus 4 were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Chlamydophila pneumoniae were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the FilmArray RP cannot reliably differentiate them. A positive FilmArray RP Rhinovirus/Enterovirus result should be followed-up using an alternate method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis).

The FilmArray RP assay for Coronavirus OC43 may cross-react with some isolates of Coronavirus HKU1. A dual positive result may be due to cross-reactivity or may indicate a co-infection.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established when Influenza A H1-2009, A H1, and A H3 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting Influenza A may vary if other Influenza A strains are circulating or a novel Influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Device Description:

The FilmArray RP System is a multiplex nucleic acid test system composed of the FilmArray instrument, the FilmArray software (preinstalled on a laptop computer) and the FilmArray RP pouch. The FilmArray RP reagent pouch contains freeze-dried reagents to perform nucleic acid purification, reverse transcription, and nested, multiplex PCR with DNA melt analysis. The RP identifies 20 respiratory pathogens as shown in the following table.

Organisms Detected by the FilmArray Respiratory Panel   

<table><tr><td>Viral Respiratory Pathogens</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus Coronavirus 229E Coronavirus HKU1 Coronavirus NL63 Coronavirus OC43 Human Metapneumovirus Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus Influenza A H1 subtype H3 subtype H1-2009 subtype Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td>Parainfluenza Virus 2 Parainfluenza Virus 3 Parainfluenza Virus 4 Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td></tr><tr><td>Bacterial Respiratory Pathogens Bordetella pertussis Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td></tr></table>

A test is initiated by loading Hydration Solution and an unprocessed patient nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimen (i.e., specimen mixed with Sample Buffer) into the FilmArray RP pouch. The pouch contains all of the reagents required for specimen testing and analysis in a freeze-dried format; the addition of Hydration Solution and specimen/Sample Buffer Mix rehydrates the reagents. After the pouch is prepared, the FilmArray software guides the user though the steps of placing the pouch into the instrument, scanning the pouch barcode, entering the sample identification, and initiating the run.

The FilmArray instrument contains a coordinated system of inflatable bladders and seal points, which act on the pouch to control the movement of liquid between the pouch blisters. When a bladder is inflated over a reagent blister, it forces liquid from the blister into connecting channels. Alternatively, when a seal is placed over a connecting channel it acts as a valve to open or close a channel. In addition, electronically controlled pneumatic pistons are positioned over multiple plungers in order to deliver the rehydrated reagents into the blisters at the appropriate times. Two Peltier devices control heating and cooling of the pouch to drive the reverse transcription reactions, the PCR reactions, and the melting curve analysis.

Nucleic acid extraction occurs within the FilmArray pouch using mechanical lysis and standard magnetic bead technology. After extracting and purifying nucleic acids from the unprocessed sample, the FilmArray performs a nested multiplex PCR that is executed in two stages. During the first stage, the FilmArray performs a single, large volume, highly multiplexed reverse transcription PCR (rt-PCR) reaction. The products from first stage PCR are then diluted and combined with a fresh, primer-free master mix and a fluorescent double stranded DNA binding dye (LC Green®Plus, BioFire Diagnostics). This second master mix solution; is then distributed to each well of the array. Array wells contain sets of primers designed specifically to amplify sequences internal to the PCR products generated during the first stage PCR reaction. The second stage PCR, or nested $\mathrm { P C R } ,$ is performed in singleplex fashion in each well of the array. At the conclusion of the $2 ^ { \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { d } }$ sag CR, te ry ate by eltng curve nalysr thete signature amplicons denoting the presence of specific viral or bacterial targets. A digital camera placed in front of the second stage PCR captures fluorescent images of the PCR reactions in real time.

The FilmArray software automatically interprets the results of each DNA melting curve analysis and combines the data with the results of the internal pouch controls to provide a test result for each organism on the panel.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The FilmArray RP is substantially equivalent to previously cleared FilmArray RP versions. The following tables compare the modified FilmArray RP to the previously cleared FilmArray RP (K103175, K110764 and K120267). The first table outlines the similarities between the two systems and the following table outlines the differences.

Similarities between the Modified Device and the Predicate.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Element</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:FilmArray Respiratory Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:FilmArray Respiratory Panel(K103175, K110764 and K120267)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, Influenza A subtype H1,Influenza A subtype H3, Influenza Asubtype H1-2009 Influenza B, RespiratorySyncytial Virus, Human Metapneumovirus,Adenovirus, Parainfluenza 1, Parainfluenza2, Parainfluenza virus 3,Parainfluenza 4,Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, CoronavirusHKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus229E, Coronavirus OC43, Mycoplasmapneumoniae, Chlamydophila pneumoniae,and Bordetella pertussis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA/DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nested multiplex RT-PCR followed by highresolution melting analysis to confirmidentity of amplified product.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">About 1 hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test interpretation and reportgeneration. User cannot access raw data.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Processing is automated in theFilmArray RP pouch.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents are stored at room temperature.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two controls are included in each reagentpouch to control for sample processing andboth stages of PCR and melt analysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UserComplexity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate/Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Differences between the Modified Device and the Predicate.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device:FilmArray Respiratory Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:FilmArray Respiratory Panel(K103175, K110764 and K120267)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit ofDetection forAdenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 TCID5g/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection ofAdenovirusSerotypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detects all serotypes with similar sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detects Adenovirus species C serotype 2and serotype 6 with reduced sensitivity.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

# Clinical Comparison

The original FilmArray RP was modified by the addition of a second Adenovirus assay. To demonstrate the performance of the modified FilmArray RP, a comparison study was performed by testing 222 de-identified archived nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens collected between 2008 and 2011 throughout the United States (at least 8 geographically distinct locations) and Scotland (at least 1 location) with both the original FilmArray RP and the modified FilmArray RP. A total of 26 Adenovirus specimens were detected by the modified FilmArray RP, of these only 15 were detected by the original FilmArray RP, demonstrating a $7 3 \%$ greater detection rate by the modified FilmArray RP in this clinical comparison study. For the other 19 analytes on the panel, performance appeared to be equivalent between the original and modified FilmArray RP versions.

Performance Comparison of Modified FilmArray RP to Original FilmArray RP using Archived Specimens   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orig+mod+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orig+mod-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orig-mod.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">origmod+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(15/15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.2 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">196</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.7%(196/207)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.7 - 97.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.1 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(216/216)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(8/8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.1 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(214/214)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8%(15/16)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.8 - 99.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">206</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(206/206)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">·13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(13/13)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.3 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">208</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">|c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5%(208/209)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.4- 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.2 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6%(209/212)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9 - 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.4%(57/61)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.0 - 98.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.1%(158/161)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.6 - 99.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(36/36)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.3 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">184</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5%(184/185)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.0 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A HI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(9/9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.4 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(213/213)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A H12009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(15/15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">'78.2 -100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">205</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5%(205/206)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(13/13)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.3 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(209/209)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.2 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(212/212)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(21/21)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">201</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(201/201)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2- 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(11/11)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.5 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(211/211)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orig+mod+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orig+mod-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orig -mod -</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orig-mod+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(8/8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.1 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(214/214)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(18/18)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.5-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">204</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(204/204)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2- 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.1 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1%(214/216)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7 - 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.2%(25/26)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.4 - 99.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">196</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(196/196)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.1 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C.pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(1/1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(221/221)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M.pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(222/222)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.4 - 100%</td></tr></table>

orig original FilmArray RP, mod modified FilmArray RP, PPA $=$ positive percent agreement, NPA $=$ negative percent agreement, $\mathbf { C I } =$ confidence interval $\mathsf { a } _ { \mathsf { l } \mathsf { 0 } / \mathsf { l } \mathsf { l } }$ of the additional AdV detections by the modified FilmArray RP were confirmed to contain Adenovirus by biinal sequanalysis; the Aenviruses wee ientifi by equencing s serotype C, C5,C6, E4, an undetermined serotype. One specimen could not be sequenced due to low analyte levels.

pouch. The specimen had previously been identified as positive for $B _ { \circ }$ pertussis and had not been tested for CoV NL63 by the boratoryThissece previusy sted usi te rigial pouc was negativ r  LTh as inscnt secen r isepancnvegtin. ow al  pece thavecus th ur u.

TCveC ha the RP modified pouch and not in the original RP pouch.

$a _ { 2 / 3 }$ huan Metapneumovirus discrepant speciens were confirmed by i-directional sequence nalysis. Lowviral load is suspected to have prevented detection by sequencing for the other specimen.

$e _ { 0 / 7 }$ HumRiviu/Entvi pe we oe y i-eal enalys. Lowal is suspected to have prevented detection by sequencing .

${ \hat { \mathbf { f } } } _ { \mathbf { A } }$ 1-0 p  u p detected by the modificd pouch.

To supplement the archived specimen data for low prevalence analytes and to provide additional Adenovirus performance data specifically for serotypes C2 and C6, a set of 44 contrived (spiked NPS) specimens (10 AdVC2, 10 AdVC6, $1 0 ~ C .$ pneumoniae, and $1 4 M .$ pneumoniae) was tested with both the modified FilmArray RP and the original FilmArray RP. The analyte status of each contrived specimen was blinded to the users analyzing the specimens. The modified FilmArray RP detected all 20 Adenovirus-spiked specimens, while the original FilmArray RP detected none of the Adenovirus-spiked specimens. The modified FilmArray RP also detected another Adenovirus in the background of a specimen spiked with $C .$ pneumoniae. Performance appeared to be equivalent between the modified FilmArray RP and the original FilmArray RP for C pneumoniae and M. pneumoniae.

Clinical Comparison Data of Modified FilmArray RP to Original FilmArray RP for 44 Contrived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>orig +mod +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>orig +mod -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>orig-mod -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>orig-mod +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus(C2 and C6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3%(23/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.7-67.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%(8/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.8-99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(35/35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M.pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(14/14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.8 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4 - 100%</td></tr></table>

orig $=$ original FilmArray RP, mod $=$ modified FilmArray RP, PPA $=$ positive percent agreement, $\aleph \bar { \aleph } \bar { A } =$ negative percent agreement, $\mathbf { C I } =$ confidence interval ${ } ^ { \mathfrak { a } } \operatorname { I n }$ addition to ten specimens spiked with Adenovirus C6 and ten specimens spikcd with Adenovirus C2, the modified FilmArray RP also detected an Adenovirus in the background of one specimen that had been spiked with $C .$ pneumoniae. This detection was confirmed by bi-directional sequence analysis to be Adenovirus C2.

The Adenoviruses detected in archived specimens were categorized into serotype groups using bi-directional sequence analysis. Combining the archived and contrived specimen comparison data demonstrates improved detection of serotypes C2, C5, C6 and E4 by the modified FilmArray RP as compared to the original FilmArray RP.

Adenovirus Serotype Detections by the Modified FilmArray RP and the Original FilmArray RP in Archived and Contrived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus(Serotyped by PCR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Adenovirus-positive Specimens(as Detected by ModifiedFilmArray RP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detections by OriginalFilmArray RP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$15^a$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/15 (13%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/2 (50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/16 (6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVB3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVE4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3 (67%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdV serotype unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/2 (0%)</td></tr></table>

Ten C2 specimens and ten C6 specimens were contrived by spiking these viruses into NPS specimens. One C2 was also detected and sequence confirmed in the background of a specimen spiked with $C .$ pneumoniae.

# Selected Analytic Studies

# Limit of Detection

The analytical sensitivity or Limit of Detection (LoD) for Adenovirus was determined by testing limiting dilutions of quantified cultures with the modified FilmArray RP. LoD is defined as the lowest concentration at which the analyte is consistently detected (detection in $2 9 5 \%$ of samples tested). Simulated NPS sample matrix (cultured human cells in VTM) was spiked with Adenovirus and 20 replicates were tested at the estimated LoD concentration of 1( $\scriptstyle \mathrm { ) 0 ~ T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ for each of four respiratory serotypes (AdVC1, AdVC2, AdVE4 and AdVC6). Adenovirus was detected in all 20 replicates for each

serotype and the system LoD for Adenovirus was reduced from $3 0 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ with the original panel to 10 $1 0 \ \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ in the modified panel.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AdenovirusSerotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Modified FilmArray RP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Original FilmArray RP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(TCIDs/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimated LoD(TCID5/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVE4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,000,000</td></tr></table>

The LoD for all other analytes detected by the FilmArray RP was found to be equivalent between the original and modified panels by testing replicate samples at LoD level as well as bracketing levels.

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the modified FilmArray RP system was evaluated with an Adenovirus inclusivity panel representing 6 species (A-F) and 22 serotypes. These included both respiratory and non-respiratory adenovirus isolates. The modified FilmArray RP is designed to detect all respiratory species/serotypes of Adenovirus (B, C, and E). Detection of non-respiratory species (A, D, F and G) will vary. It is important to note that the presence of non-respiratory species of Adenovirus in clinical respiratory specimens is expected to be rare. Variable detection of these viruses by the FilmArray RP should have little to no impact on the clinical performance (sensitivity) of the system.

Samples were tested with both the original and modified panels at the Adenovirus LoD established for the modified panel $( 1 0 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ .If an Adenovirus isolate was not detected by the modified panel at LoD, testing was repeated at $1 0 \mathbf { x }$ LoD (1,000 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . Testing above $\mathbf { \Omega } _ { \mathbf { l } } 0 \mathbf { x }$ LoD was not performed. Some reactivity with serotypes listed as Not Detected (ND) may be observed if present in a sample at high levels.

AdVB55 and AdVC57 are the only respiratory serotypes that were not evaluated for inclusivity. Available sequence information for these serotypes indicates a perfect match to FilmArray Adenovirus assay primers and efficient detection at 1x LoD is predicted.

Inclusivity Results for Adenovirus Respiratory Species/Serotypes Tested with the Original and Modified FilmArray RP   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OriginalFilmArray RP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModifiedFilmArray RP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix#0810062CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5g/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix#0810021CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7d2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lowa/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lowa/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OriginalFilmArray RP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModifiedFilmArray RP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wisconsin/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Missouri/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Missouri/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UIRF-Texas/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-718</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1602</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix#0810050CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New York/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-846</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate#266153</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate#266161</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate#266213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix#0810020CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorado/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate#274924</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate#274948</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate#275032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCIDsg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SouthCarolina/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4p3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Jersey/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr></table>

on the retest.

Inclusivity Results for Non-Respiratory Adenovirus Species/Serotypes Tested with the Original and Modified FilmArray RP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OriginalFilmArray RP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModifiedFilmArray RP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND   .</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix#0810073CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix#0810069CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5g/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix#0810115CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCIDsg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix#0810119CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCIDsg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix#0810084CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indiana/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCIDsg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected b</td></tr></table>

T

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-reactivity and Exclusivity)

The potential for cross-reactivity with organisms detected by the FilmArray RP was evaluated by testing simulated NPS samples containing high concentrations of respiratory panel viruses and bacteria (tens to thousands-fold higher than LoD) with the modified panel. No cross-reactivity was observed.

NOTE: Although not observed in this study, the Coronavirus OC43 assay may cross-react with certain strains of Coronavirus HKU1 when present in the sample at high concentrations.

Results of Cross-reactivity Testing with the Modified FilmArray RP  RP Organisms   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type / Strain / ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple ofLoD Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AdVC1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">229EATCC VR-740</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.67E+03TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,418x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HKU1Clinical specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.34E+08 RNA copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NL63NR-470</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.67E÷03 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,134x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OC43ATCC VR-759</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.30E+04 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HumanMetapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type Al - hMPV-16IA10-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.17E+03 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4,085x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus /</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.40E+06 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus IA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.67E+03 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,670x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AHINI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AH1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/SwineNY/03/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.40E+05 TCID5g/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">840x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AH3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.17E+03 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1634x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/FL/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.67E+04 TCIDsg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">278x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenza Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.39E+04 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.67E+04 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,670x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">*      Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E÷05 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.67E+03 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RespiratorySyncytial Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.39E+04 TCIDsg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6,950x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A639</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophilapneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TW183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.42E+05 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.81x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasmapneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6,267x</td></tr></table>

Highest test concentration possible based on the concentration of virus in the stock culture fluid.

The potential for the FilmArray RP system to cross-react with non-FilmArray RP organisms was evaluated by testing an exclusivity panel consisting of 26 bacteria, 6 viruses, and 1 yeast These organisms were selected based on their relatedness to FilmArray RP organisms, clinical relevance (cause respiratory symptoms or represent nasopharyngeal flora), or high prevalence within the population (e.g. Herpes Simplex Virus). Negative sample matrix was spiked with bacteria or fungi at a concentration of $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ and viruses at a concentration between $1 0 ^ { 4 } - 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ , or the highest concentration possible. The modified FilmArray RP system did not cross-react with the exclusivity panel organisms.

Results of Exclusivity Testing with the Modified FilmArray RP - Non-RP Organisms   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain / Isolate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bocavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Specimen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (CMV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AD-169 (VR-538)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B95-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edmonston</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix # 0810079CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain / Isolate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix #0801504</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterium              .</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain / Isolate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">clinical isolate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella holmesii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F061</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A747</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-UW3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diptheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC14779</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:H7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MinnA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type strain</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17-5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella longbeacheae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Long Beach 4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella micdadei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tatlock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philadelphia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ne 11 (type strain)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H37Ra-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23114</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33530</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">type strain</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700825</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1027 (type strain)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix #0801519</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RP62A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">type 59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix #0801512</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13419</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ureaplasma urealyicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27618</td></tr></table>

# Competitive Interference

Interference testing was performed by preparing simulated NPS samples with a combination of two respiratory viruses, with one being Adenovirus. The competing viruses were selected based on the dominant Adenovirus co-infections documented in the FilmArray RP Clinical Evaluation. In total, five different virus combinations (co-infections) were evaluated with each virus tested at a low level (LoD for organism) and at a high or competing level $( \sim 5 , 0 0 0$ $\mathrm { - 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 { \cdot } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ .

The modified FilmArray RP demonstrated improved detection of Adenoviruses compared to detection in the original panel. This is consistent with the improved analytical sensitivity and reactivity for Adenovirus in the modified panel. There were no signs of interference or inaccurate results with competing organisms in a sample.

Results for Adenovirus Co-infection Samples Tested with the Original and Modified FilmArray RP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoDVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompetingVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Original FilmArray RP Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified FilmArray RP Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>la</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusHuman Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusHuman Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusHuman Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusHuman Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusHuman Metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusHuman Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusHuman Metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusRespiratory Syncytial Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdenovirusRespiratory Syncytial Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVB7h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVE4p3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVE4p3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVB7h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVB21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVB21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdVC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td></tr></table>

BioFire Diagnostics, Inc. C/O Beth Lingenfelter, M.S. 390 Wakara Way Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Re: k123620 Trade/Device Name: FilmArray $\bigotimes$ Respiratory Panel (RP) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OEM, OOU, OEP, OTG, OQW, OOI, OZZ, OZY, OZX Dated: November 21, 2012 Received: November 23, 2012

Dear Ms. Lingenfelter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally A. Hojvat

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K123620

Device Name: FilmArray $\textcircled{8}$ Respiratory Panel (RP)

FilmArray $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Panel (RP) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with the FilmArray Instrument for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the FilmArray RP: Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus, Influenza A, Influenza A subtype H1, Influenza A subtype H3, Influenza A subtype H1-2009, Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other management decisions. Negative results in the setting of a respiratory ilness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test or, lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the FilmArray RP may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Bordetella pertussis, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus OC43, Influenza A H1, Influenza A H3, Influenza A H1- 2009, Influenza B, Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, and Parainfluenza Virus 4 were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Chlamydophila pneumoniae were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the FilmArray RP cannot reliably differentiate them. A positive FilmArray RP Rhinovirus/Enterovirus result should be followed-up using an alternate method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis).

The FilmArray RP assay for Coronavirus OC43 may cross-react with some isolates of Coronavirus HKU1. A dual positive result may be due to cross-reactivity or may indicate a coinfection.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established when Influenza A H1-2009, A H1, and A H3 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting Influenza A may vary if other Influenza A strains are circulating or a novel Influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-the-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Taurs teldl Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostics and Radiological Health   
510(K) K123620