# K130398

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Submitted By:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7908 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Submission Contact:

John D. Tamerius, Ph.D.

# Date Prepared:

February 15, 2013

Device Trade Name:

Sofia® RSV FIA

Common Name:

Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Test

Predicate Device:

BD VeritorTM System for Rapid Detection of RSV, K121633

# Device Classification/Name:

21 CFR 866.3480 / Respiratory syncytial virus serological reagents

These tests are used to aid in the diagnosis of disease caused by respiratory syncytial viruses and provide epidemiological information on these diseases (21 CFR 866.3480). The Food and Drug Administration has classified serological test systems for the detection of respiratory syncytial virus as Class I.

# Intended Use:

The Sofia RSV FIA employs immunofluorescence for detection of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) nucleoprotein antigen in nasopharyngeal swab and nasopharyngeal aspirate/wash specimens taken directly from symptomatic patients. This qualitative test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid diagnosis of acute RSV infections in pediatric patients less than 19 years of age. Negative results do not preclude RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or for other management decisions. A negative result is presumptive, and it is recommended these results be confirmed by virus culture or an FDA-cleared RSV molecular assay.

# Physiologic Basis of the Test:

RSV is a causative agent of highly contagious, acute, viral infection of the respiratory tract in pediatric and elderly populations. Respiratory syncytial virus is a single-stranded RNA virus. Nearly half of all children become infected by RSV in their first year of life. It is also the major viral cause of nosocomial illness in children already hospitalized for other reasons. In the United States. RSV is estimated to be responsible for 73,400 to 126,300 hospitalizations annually for bronchiolitis and pneumonia alone among children younger than I year. In children hospitalized with RSV infection. it is believed to be the most common viral cause of death in children younger than 5 years, particularly in children younger than one year. Among children hospitalized with RSV infection, the mortality rate is estimated to be as low as $0 . 3 \%$ to $1 . 0 \%$ and in the range of $2 . 5 \%$ to $4 . 0 \%$ for children with underlying cardiac or pulmonary disease.

# Device Description:

The Sofia RSV FIA test employs immunofluorescence technology that is used with the Sofia Analyzer for the rapid detection of RSV antigens. The Sofia RSV FIA test involves the disruption of RSV viral antigens. The patient specimen is placed in the Reagent Tube, during which time the virus particles in the specimen are disrupted, exposing internal viral nucleoproteins. After disruption, the specimen is dispensed into the Cassette sample well. From the sample well, the specimen migrates through a test strip containing various unique chemical environments. If RSV viral antigens are present, they will be trapped in a specific location.

Note: Depending upon the user's choice, the cassette is either placed inside of the Sofia Analyzer for automatically timed development (Walk Away Mode) or placed on the counter or bench top for a manually timed development and then placed into the Sofia Analyzer to be scanned (Read Now Mode).

The Sofia Analyzer will scan the test strip and measure the fluorescent signal by processing the results using method-specific algorithms. The Sofia Analyzer will display the test results (Positive, Negative, or Invalid) on the screen. The results can also be automatically printed on an integrated printer if this option is selected.

# Device Comparison:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia RSV FIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD VeritorTM System for RapidDetection of RSV, K121633</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia RSV FIA employsimmunofluorescence for detectionof respiratory syncytial virus(RSV) nucleoprotein antigen innasopharyngeal swab andnasopharyngeal aspirate/washspecimens taken directly fromsymptomatic patients. Thisqualitative test is intended for useas an aid in the rapid diagnosis ofacute RSV infections in pediatricpatients less than 19 years of age.Negative results do not precludeRSV infection and should not beused as the sole basis for treatmentor for other management decisions.A negative result is presumptive,and it is recommended these resultsbe confirmed by virus culture or anFDA-cleared RSV molecular assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD Veritor System for RapidDetection of Respiratory SyncytialVirus (RSV) is a chromatographicimmunoassay with an instrumentedread for the direct and qualitativedetection of RSV fusion protein fromnasopharyngeal washes/aspirates andnasopharyngeal swabs in transportmedia samples from patients suspectedof having a viral respiratory infection.This test is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use to aid in the diagnosis ofRSV infections in infants and pediatricpatients under the age of 20 years.Negative results do not preclude RSVinfection and should not be used as thesole basis for treatment or for othermanagement decisions. A negative lestis presumptive. It is recommended thatnegative test results be confirmed byviral cell culture or an alternativemethod, such as a FDA-clearedmolecular assay. The test is intendedfor professional and laboratory use. Itis to be used in conjunction with theBD Veritor System Reader.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrument screenor print with optional printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrument screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD Veritor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes; a Calibration Cassette and QCCard are provided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No calibrator; a verification device isprovided to monitor device function</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab andnasopharyngeal aspirate/washspecimens; all specimens can betested fresh or after transport inmedia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab in transportmedia and nasopharyngealaspirate/wash specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read ResultTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 Minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 10 Minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExternalControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV positive swabRSV negative swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV positive swabRSV negative swab</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

Numerous studies were undertaken to document the performance characteristics and the substantial equivalence of the test to the predicate device. These studies included the following:

1. A multi-center field clinical study was undertaken to document the performance characteristics of the test. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated using nasopharyngeal swab and nasopharyngeal aspirate/wash specimens, both fresh and after storage in transport media.   
2. A reproducibility study was performed to demonstrate intra- and inter-operator reproducibility and intra- and inter-laboratory reproducibility with a panel of test samples at various RSV concentrations.   
3. Analytical studies included Limit of Detection, analytical reactivity, cross reactivity, interfering substances, operating temperature, lab precision/repeatability, viral transport media, inter-analyzer variation assessment, calibration cycle, and various flex studies.

# Conclusion:

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the Sofia RSV FlA for use with the Sofia Analyzer to the existing product already marketed, BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of RSV, K121633. They further demonstrated the suitability of the product for laboratory and professional use. Such studies are a critical element in establishing the fundamental safety and effectiveness of the product and its appropriateness for commercial distribution.

JOHN D. TAMERIUS   
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CLINICAL AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
QUIDEL CORPORATION   
10165MCKELLAR COURT   
SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K130398 Trade/Device Name: Sofia® RSV FIA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3480 Regulation Name: Respiratory syncytial virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: I Product Code: GQG Dated: June 28, 2013 Received: July 1, 2013

Dear Dr. Tamerius:

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Dr. Tamerius

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803) please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htun for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally AHojvat -S

Sally Hojvat, Ph.D., M. Sc   
Director, Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k130398

Device Name: Sofia® RSV FIA

Indications For Use:

The Sofia RSV FIA employs immunofluorescence for detection of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) nucleoprotein antigen in nasopharyngeal swab and nasopharyngeal aspirate/wash specimens taken directly from symptomatic patients. This qualitative test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid diagnosis of acute RSV infections in pediatric patients less than 19 years of age. Negative results do not preclude RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or for other management decisions. A negative result is presumptive, and it is recommended these results be confirmed by virus culture or an FDA-cleared RSV molecular assay.