0 BIOMERIEUX

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tigecycline

510(k) Submission Information:

OCT 1 0 2013

Submitter's Name: Address:

bioMérieux, Inc.

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person:

Nathan Hardesty Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

314 -731-8666   
314-731-8689   
May 31, 2013

'B. Device Name: Formal/Trade Name: Classification Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tigecycline

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial   
Susceptibility System   
Product Code LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tigecycline

# C. Predicate Device:

VITEK 2 AST-ST Linezolid (K111599)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tigecycline is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tigecycline is a qualitative test. Tigecycline has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections   
Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin-susceptible isolates)   
Setcus anginosu .incudes S.ngisus, Sineeius, an S.conl   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus pyogenes

The antimicrobial presented in VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in mcg/ml. The VITEK® 2 AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 \cdot 0 . 5 0 \%$ saline before being us to rehydrate the antmicrobial medium withn the card.The VITE® 2 automatically ills, seals n places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK® 2 Compact has a manual filing and sealing operation. The VITE® 2 monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time up to 18 hours). At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antimicrobial contained on the card.

VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tigecycline demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA. Issued August 28, 2009.

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tigecycline. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tigecycline by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 20 - 24 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITE ${ \sf K } ^ { \circledast } 2$ Compact instrument platforms. VITEK ${ \mathfrak { B } } _ { 2 }$ AST-ST Tigecycline demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 9 . 8 \%$ overall category agreement with the reference method. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

BIOMERIEUX, INC. MR. NATHAN HARDESTY 595 ANGLUM RD. HAZELWOOD MO 63042

Re: K131779 Trade/Device Name: VITEK $\mathfrak { s } _ { 2 }$ AST-ST Tigecycline Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: LON Dated: October 04, 2013 Received: October 08, 2013

Dear Mr. Hardesty:

We have reviewed your Section $\pmb { \mathsf { S l o } } ( \pmb { \mathsf { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally Dojvat -S

Sally A. Hojvat   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):. K131779

Device Name: VITEK® 2 AST-ST Tigecycline ( ≤ 0.06 - ≥ 1 µg/mL )

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tigecycline is designed for antimicroblal susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species and is Intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of In vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. ViTEK® 2 Streptococcus Tigecycline is a qualitative test. Tigecycline has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active In vitro and in clinical infections   
Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin-susceptible isolates)   
Streptococcus anginosus grp. (includes S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus)   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus pyogenes

The VITEK® 2 Antimicroblal Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp. and clinically significant yeast.