# K131630

# 510(k) Summary

# Puritan Amies Medium

# 5.1 Sponsor

Puritan Medical Products LLC

31 School St., Guilford, ME

04443

OCT 2 1 2013

Contact:   
Telephone Number:   
Date:

Mehdi Karamchi 207-876-3311 May 29, 2013

# 5.2 Device Name

Classification Name: Common Name: Proprietary Name:

Microbiological Specimen Collection and Transport Device Secimen Collecton nd ansport yt Puritan Amies Medium Collection and Transport System

5.3 Regulatory Information

A.Regulatory Section: B. Classification: C. Product Code: D. Panel:

21 CFR 866.2900 Class I LIO, JTW, JTX Microbiology

5.4 Predicate Device

BD CultureSwab™ Collection and Transport System manufactured by Copan Diagnostics Inc. of Italy

510K Number: K972448

# 5.5 Device Description

Puritan Amies Medium Collection and Transport System is comprised of a sterile peel pouch containing a rayon tipped swab applicator for collecting specimen and a polypropylene tube containing $4 m |$ of Amies medium with or without charcoal. The rayon tipped swab applicators are provided in different tip sizes to accommodate various specimen types.

Amies medium is a nonnutritive balanced salt solution containing inorganic phosphates to provide buffering capability, sodium chloride, potassium chloride; calcium chloride and magnesium chloride to provide essential ions that help maintain osmotic balance. Agar is a solidifying agent and gives a semi-solid texture to the medium. Sodium thioglycollate provides a reduced environment. It is recommended for maintaining the viability of aerobic, anaerobic and fastidious bacteria during the transport to the laboratory.

# 5.6 Intended Use

Puritan Amies Medium Collection and Transport System is intended for use in the collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobic, anaerobic and fastidious bacteria from the patient to the laboratory for bacteriological examination and culture.

# 5.7 Indication(s) For Use

Puritan Amies Medium Collection and Transport System is intended for use in the collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobic, anaerobic and fastidious bacteria from the patient to the laboratory for bacteriological examination and culture.

# 5.8. Substantial Equivalence statement

Puritan Amies Medium is similar in design, manufacturing and intended usage to the predicate device. Both Puritan and predicate device are single-use devices intended for collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobes, anaerobes and fastidious bacteria.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Puritan Versus Competitor Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended USE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Puritan Amies Medium Collectionand Transport System is intended foruse in the collection and transport ofclinical specimens containing aerobic,anaerobic and fastidious bacteriafrom the patient to the laboratory forbacteriological examination andculture.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Copan VenturiTransystem Amies MediumWithout Charcoal productsare sterile,single-use specimencollection chambersintended to preserve theviability of microorganismsafter their collection andduring their transport fromthe collecting area to thelaboratory. These devicesare intended for thecollection, transport, andpreservation of clinicalspecimens forbacteriologicalexamination. CopanVenturiTransystem Amies MediumWithout Charcoal isdesigned to support theviability of a wide variety ofclinically important aerobicand anaerobic bacteria.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-use Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium chlorideDisodium phosphateSodium thioglycollateMonopotassium phosphatePotassium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium chlorideMagnesium ChlorideBacteriological AgarCharcoal (with Amies Charcoal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 ± 0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-25°C (refrigerated and roomtemperature)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic round bottom tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium in tubes &amp; PlugSystem including Medium andswab in peel pouch option.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Shaft</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rayon tipped swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.9 Recovery Testing

To determine the ability of the Puritan Amies Medium to maintain viability of different strains of aerobes, anaerobes and fastidious bacteria, known inoculum of ATCC type culture and clinically significant microorganisms were inoculated into the Puritan Amies Medium and compared to the predicate device following Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI), M40-A guidelines. No significant differences in recovery were detected between samples obtained from Puritan Amies Medium vs. predicate device.

# 5.10 Stability Testing

Stability tests were performed on Puritan Amies Medium products to verify the ability of the aged products to maintain microbial recovery up to the expiry date.

# 5.11 pH Stability

The pH of the test device was measured at predetermined time intervals up to 24 month after manufacturing date. The test was performed using calibrated pH meter with random samples from three different lots of Puritan Amies Medium. All samples tested were found to maintain pH within the specified range.

# 5.12 Cytotoxicity

Cytotoxicity test was conducted to evaluate Glue, shaft and the rayon tipped swabs for potential cytotoxicity effect following ISO Elution Method-1X MEM Extract. No evidence of cytotoxicity was detected.

# 5.13 Sterilization

Puritan Amies Medium are sterilized by gamma irradiation and validated following ANSI/AAMI/IS0 11137:2006, Sterilization of health care products Radiation guidelines.

PURITAN MEDICAL PRODUCTS, LLC   
MEHDI KARAMCHI   
V.P. OF SCIENTIFIC AFFAIRS   
31 SCHOOL STREET   
P.O. BOX 149   
GUILFORD ME 04443-0149

Re: K131630 Trade/Device Name: Puritan Amies Medium Collection and Transport System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2900 Regulation Name: Microbiological specimen collection and transport device Regulatory Class: I Product Code: LIO, JTW, JTX Dated: September 9, 2013 Received: September 11, 2013

Dear Mr. Karamchi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. Karamchi

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Interet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intermet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): k131630

Device Name: Puritan Amies Medium Collection and Transport System

# Indications for Use:

Puritan® Amies Medium Collection and Transport System is intended for use in the collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobic, anaerobic and fastidious bacteria from the patient to the laboratory for bacteriological examination and culture.

Concurrence of CDRH, Center for Devices and Radiological Health