K131331

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152   
Phone: 410-316-4287   
Fax: 410-316-4499

# CONTACT NAME:

Monica E. Giguere, RAC Regulatory Affairs Project Manager

# DATE PREPARED:

May 3, 2013

# DEVICE TRADE NAME:

BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System - Vancomycin $( 0 . 5 { - } 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ and Software Update through Version 6.01

DEVICE COMMON NAME:

Antimicrobial susceptibility test system — short incubation

DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System.   
(Product Code LON)

# PREDICATE DEVICES:

VITEK® System (PMA No. N50510)

# INTENDED USE:

The BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System is intended for the in vitro rapid identification (ID) of gram positive bacteria from pure culture belonging to the genera Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, other gram positive cocci and gram positive bacilli. The BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System is also intended for the quantitative determination of antimicrobial susceptibility by minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of most gram positive bacteria isolates from pure culture belonging to the genera Staphylococcus and Enterococcus.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System (Phoenix System) is an automated system for the rapid t cle bclaT system includes the following components:

BD Phoenix instrument and software. BD Phoenix panels containing biochemicals for organism ID testing and antimicrobial agents for AST determinations.   
• BD Phoenix ID Broth used or perorming ID tests and preparing AST Brothinoculum. BD Phoenix AST Broth used for performing AST tests only. BD Phoenix AST Indicator solution added to the AST Broth to aid in bacterial growth determination.

The Phoenix panel is a sealed and self-noculating molded polystyrene tray with 136 micro-wells containing dri reagents.Organiss r useptibiliy st must be a pure culture nd prelminari enti s Gram-negative or Gram-positive isolate. Phoenix panels are inoculated with a specified organism density and plac into the instrument.Inoculum or use with the Phoenix system may be prepare either manually o may be automated using the BD Phoenix™M AP System.

The Phoenix AST method is a broth based microdilution test. The Phoenix System utilizes a redox indicator for the detection of organism growth in the presence of an antimicrobial agent. Measurements of changes to the ndicator s weas baceral turbidyae us i e deteinaiobaceral ow.ac  pe configuration contains several antimicrobial agents with a wide range of two-fold doubling dilution concentrations.

The instrument houses the panels where they are continuously incubated at a nominal temperature of $3 5 ^ { \circ } \pm$ $1 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ The instrument takes readings of the panels every 20 minutes.The readings are interpreted to give an idencation  the isolate,minu nibtoryconntration ) value n catory nterpretations S, I, R or N (susceptible, intermediate, resistant or ot susceptible).

# DEVICE COMPARISON:

The BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System demonstrated substantially equivalent performance for inoculum prepared manually and inoculum prepared with the BD Phoenix™M AP instrument when compared with the CLSI reference broth microdilution method. This premarket notification is for a modification of a portion of the algorithm for Vancomycin $( 0 . 5 - 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ with Enterococcus species and Staphylococcus species and updates for software from the last software cleared by FDA under K040099 through software version 6.01.

# SUMMARY OF SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TESTING:

The BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System has demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared to the CLSI reference broth microdilution method (AST panels prepared according to CLSI MThe system has been evaluated as defined in the FDA guidance document, "Class I Special Controls Guidance Document:Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", A  he tay at hebecolln wi  B as indicated in the guidance document.

# Site Reproducibility

I daysusg e otGram osiv ho panes contaiing his anticobial aent nd ass reagents.

T there was an overall reproducibility across test sites of greater than $9 5 \%$ EPY   
$( + 1 - 1$ dilution) agreement when compared to the test mode.

# Clinical Studies

Cliical ockandchalleng olate wereteste crossmultiplegeraphicay divere  across thnie States to demonstrate he performance of the Phoenix antimicrobial susceptibility test with a Gram Poiive Phoenix Panel containing this antimicrobial agent. Phoenix System results for Challenge set isolates were compared to the expected results.Phoenix System results for clinical isolates were compared to the reults obtained from the CLSI reference broth microdilution method.

The performance of the Phoenix System was assessed by calculating Essential Agreement (EA) and Catory Agrement (CA) to expece/reference results or all isolates tested.Essential Agreement (EA) occrs when the BD Phoenix™M Automated Microbiology System agrees exactly or within $\pm$ one two-fold dilution to the reference result. Category Agreement (CA) occurs when the BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System agrees with the reference method with respect to the FDA categorical interpretive criteria (susceptible, intermediate, resistant or not susceptible).

T   C al

Performance of BD Phoenix System for Gram-Positive Organisms by Vancomycin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-32 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions Drawn from Substantial Equivalence Studies

The data collected from the substantial equivalence studies demonstrate that testing on the BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System with this antimicrobial agent is substantially equivalent as outlined in the FA guidance document, Class II Special Controls Guidance Document:Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA", August 28, 2009. Technological characteristics of this system are substantially equivalent to those used in the VITK® system, whic receive approval by the FDA under PMA number N50510.

Becton, Dickinson and Company   
c/o Monica Giguere   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
BD Diagnostic System   
7 Loveton Circle- MC614   
Sparks, MD. 21152

Re: k131331 Trade/Device Name: BD PhoenixTM Automated Microbiology System- Vancomycin (0.5- $3 2 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L }$ - Gram Positive ID/AST or AST only Phoenix Panels and update to the BD Phoenix Software through Version 6.01 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 1 6 4 5$ EY Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LON Dated: May 3, 2013 Received: May 13, 2013

Dear Ms. Giguere:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \boldsymbol { \mathbf { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements conceming your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements

Page 2-Ms. Giguere

as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarkct notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarkel Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or al its Internct address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/RcsourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

# Page lof 1

510(k) Number: k131331

Device Name: Vancomycin (VA - Gram-Positive ID/AST or AST only Phoenix Panels) and update to the BD Phoenix Software through Version 6.01.

Indications for Use:

The BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System is intended for in vitro quantitative determination of antimicrobial susceptibility by minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of most Gram-negative aerobic and facultative anaerobic bacteria isolates from pure culture for Enterobacteriaceae and NonEnterobacteriaceae and most Gram-positive bacteria isolates from pure culture belonging to the genera Staphylococcus, Enterococcus and Streptococcus.

This premarket notification is for a modification of a portion of the algorithm for Vancomycin $( 0 . 5 { - } 3 2 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ with Enterococcus species and Staphylococcus species and updates for software from the last software cleared by FDA under K040099 through version 6.01.

Vycehown ais s ai n e described in the FDA-approved package insert for this antimicrobial agent.

# Active In Vitro and in Clinical Infections Against:

Enterococci (e.g., Enterococcus faecalis)

Stpcci iudStaphy ureus and Saphocus iis inc heterogeneous methicillin-resistant strains).