# 510(k) SUMMARY

# K131584

# Date of Summary:

August 14, 2013

IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott m2000

Product Name •   
Sponsor

Intelligent Medical Devices, Inc. 19 Blackstone Street Cambridge, MA 02139

# Correspondent

MDC Associates, LLC   
Fran White, Regulatory Consultant   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, MA 01915

# Device Identification

Trade or Proprietary Name:   
Common or Usual Name:   
Product Code:   
Regulation Section:   
Device Class:   
Panel:   
IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott m2000   
Respiratory Virus Panel Nucleic Acid Assay System   
OCC, 001   
21CFR866.3980   
Class II   
Microbiology (83)

# Intended Use

The IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay performed on the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ System is a qualitative in vitro diagostic test designed or the detection  influenza A, influenza B, and RSVRNA direcly rom nasopharygl swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The assay detects RNA from influenza A, iza B, and RSV (A and B)usig real-time reveetranription polymere chai raction (RT-PCR)and furogenic target speciichybridization or unique equences n the iral taretgenoes.The Mx lu A/ and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay is intended for use as an aid in diagnosing influenza A and/or influenza B and/or RSV infection.

Nev esul iz B, RSV  ot eclz viu RSVe o peyiv disease. The use o additonal laboratory testing and clinical presentation must be considered when diagnosing respiratory viral infection.

Perormance charateristics r infuenza A were established during the 2011-2012 and 2012-2013influenza eans when Influenza A/2009 H1N1 and Influenza A/H3 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control a should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Device Description

The IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay uses nucleic acid extraction and purification technology, performed on the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 . { \mathrm { { s } } } p$ , combined with rRT-PCR, performed with the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 r t ,$ to generate and detemplifie products frominfluenza A, influenza B, and RSV RNA that s isolated from clinical specimens.

T r he M) izBt pr S)nRV RSV Busin  .The reec   vralRNA tart c si  he rt sal through the use of fluorescently labeled oligonucleotide probes on the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ instrument. The probes do not generate a sigal unless hey ar speciically bound to the amplife product.The ampliation cyce at which fluorescent signal is detected by the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ is inversely proportional to the viral RNA target concentration present in the original sample.

An RNA baphageclat lz izaBr RSV ucntoe saple preparation  erve as a proce control.The process control bacteriophage is ysed smultanousy wih iz z Bnd RSVA nd RSV Bn the pl, andpln he  cin s heviRNA taret using RT-CR.The procss control serves todemonstrate hat the enti assay process has procded correctly for each sample.

# Substantial Equivalency

The IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay is substantially equivalent to the Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Virus Plus Nucleic Acid Test on the Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System $( \mathrm { R V } + )$ (K103209). The tables below compare the characteristics of the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $\mathbf { m } 2 0 0 0$ Assay (New Device) and the Nanosphere Verigene Assay (Predicate Device).

Similarity to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott m2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verigene® Respiratory Virus Plus NucleicAcid Test on the Verigene® System (RV+)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K131584</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K103209</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, 001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC; NSU</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbottm2000 assay performed on the Abbott m2000System is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic testdesigned for the detection of influenza A,influenza B, and RSV RNA directly fromnasopharyngeal swabs from patients with signsand symptoms of respiratory infection. Theassay detects RNA from influenza A, influenzaB, and RSV (A and B) using real-time, reversetranscription polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) and fluorogenic target specifichybridization for unique sequences in the viraltarget genomes. The IMDx Flu A/B and RSVfor Abbott m2000 assay is intended for use asan aid in diagnosing influenza A and/orinfluenza B and/or RSV infection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Verigene® Respiratory Virus Plus NucleicAcid Test (RV+) on the Verigene® System is aqualitative nucleic acid multiplex test intended tosimultaneously detect and identify multiplerespiratory virus nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal(NP) swab specimens from individuals withsigns and symptoms of respiratory tractinfection. The following virus types andsubtypes are identified using the RV+: influenzaA, influenza A subtype H1, influenza A subtypeH3, 2009 H1N1, influenza B, RespiratorySyncytial Virus (RSV) subtype A, and RSVsubtype B. The test is not intended to detectinfluenza C virus. Detecting and identifyingspecific viral nucleic acids from individualsexhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratoryinfection aids in the diaonosis of resniratory viral</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative results for influenza A, influenza B,or RSV do not preclude influenza virus orRSV infection and should not be used as thesole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or patientmanagement decisions. Conversely, positiveresults do not rule-out bacterial infection or co-infection with other viruses. The agent(s)detected may not be the definite cause ofdisease. The use of additional laboratorytesting and clinical presentation must beconsidered when diagnosing respiratory viralinfection.Performance characteristics for influenza Awere established during the 2011-2012 and2012-2013 influenza seasons when influenzaA/2009 H1N1 and influenza A/H3 were thepredominant influenza A viruses in circulation.When other influenza A viruses are emerging,performance characteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological        screening        criteriarecommended by public health authorities,specimens  should be collectedwithappropriate infection control precautions fornovel virulent influenza viruses and sent tostate or local health department for testing.Viral culture should not be attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">infection, if used in conjunction with otherclinical and laboratory findings.Negative results for influenza A, influenza B, orRSV do not preclude influenza virus or RSVinfection and should not be used as the sole basisfor diagnosis, treatment, or patient managementdecisions. Conversely, positive results do notrule-out bacterial infection or co-infection withother viruses. The agent detected may not be thedefinite cause of disease. The use of additionallaboratory testing and clinical presentation mustbe considered in order to obtain the finaldiagnosis of respiratory viral infection.Performance characteristics for influenza AVirus were established when influenza A/H3,A/H1, and 2009 H1N1 were the predominantinfluenza A viruses circulating. Thesecharacteristics may vary when other influenza Aviruses are emerging.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteria recommendedby public health authorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infection controlprecautions used specifically for novel virulentinfluenza viruses and sent to state or local healthdepartment for testing. Viral culture should notbe attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+facility is available to receive and culturespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated extraction of nucleic acids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated extraction of nucleic acids</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time, reverse transcription polymerasechain reaction (rRT-PCR) DNA amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time,reverse transcription polymerasechain reaction (RT-PCR) DNA amplification</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza Ainfluenza BRSV A/B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza Ainfluenza BRSV ARSV B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive ControlNegative ControlProcess Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive ControlNegative ControlInhibition ControlInternal Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abbott® m2000™M System (K092705)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verigene ®System (K070804)</td></tr></table>

Differences from Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott m2000</td><td>Verigene® Respiratory Virus Plus Nucleic Acid Test on the Verigene® System (RV+)</td></tr><tr><td>Throughput</td><td>Batch</td><td>Single use cassette</td></tr><tr><td>Viral Sub-</td><td>No</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td>Typing</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

These differences do not affect substantial equivalency of the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ and Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Virus Plus Nucleic Acid Test. Both assays detect influenza A, influenza B and RSV viral ioahng wab nheass avcrbtensTheinotv do not change the intended use and do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

# Performance Characteristics

# Clinical Agreement

The performance of the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay was assessed compared to viral culture fw b ir uon ntibody FA)detetidurin he cours w )iuenz asons (2011-2012 an 2012-201).For he 011-201 sea (collecFebruaryApril 201 four ) gogaphicaly diverse  site within the United States prospectively collece infuenza A/B and RSV samples.Smples erolled or this tudy weenasharyngel swabs collctor route nuz testin.A totl  ur unre and nineyeve 97) specimens were included in the final data set and analyzed for product performance.

For the 1-01 sa (olc MarcApril 01), ree 3 oaphially divesest s it henie Stat prospecivey colcifenza A/B an RVsmpes. Smple rolle r his suy weenasal y the final data set and analyzed for product performance.

Patient Population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Age and Gender Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Male</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2011-2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2012-2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2011-2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2012-2013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84 (30.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 (31.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 (34.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101 (47.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (13.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 (13.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 (20.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (13.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 - 59 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (34.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 (34.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 (28.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 (20.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 (21.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 (21.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 (15.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 (18.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scason Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>430</td></tr></table>

Between the two influenza seasons, a total of $9 3 2 \mathrm { N P S }$ samples were tested and analyzed for performance. Results are shown below. Discordant samples were tested using the Nanosphere Verigene $\mathfrak { Q }$ Respiratory Virus Plus Nucleic Acid Test $( \operatorname { R V } + )$ on the Verigene $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ System and subsequent results are documented in the footnote.

Influenza A Clinical Agreement Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All SitesInfluenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Viral Culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>IMDx Flu A/Band RSV forAbbott m2000Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6% (94% - 99%) 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>735</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7% (94% - 97%) 95%C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>764</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nma</td></tr></table>

125/33 samples were confirmed as influenza A Positive using an FDA cleared molecular assay. 24/4samples were confirmed as influenza A Negatives using an FDA cleared nucleic acid test.

Influenza B Clinical Agreement Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All SitesInfluenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Viral Culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>IMDx Flu A/Band RSV forAbbott m2000Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1% (90% - 99%) 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>839</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>841</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (96% - 98%) 95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\*20/24 samples were confirmed as influenza B Positive using an FDA cleared molecular assay.

RSV Clinical Agreement Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>All SitesRSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Viral Culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>IMDx Flu A/Band RSV forAbbott m2000Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>584</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (92% - 99%) 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$3\}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0% (91% - 95%) 95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>825</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

439/58 samples were confirmed as RSV Positive using an FDA cleared molecular assay $s _ { 1 / 3 }$ samples were confirmed as RSV Positive using an FDA cleared molecular assay.

# Analytical Performance

# Reproducibility

An-r pael wasus  he eucby suy. The pnel s made w z  as Handone H3N2, oneinflueza B strain, one RSV-A strai and one RSV-B strain. Each strain was spikein M4RT viral transport medium at three different approximate target levels: Moderate Positive (\~2-3X LoD), Low Pse (1X LoD) and High Negative (0.2 -0.8X LoD). Panelmembers were formulated with nly ne target prent (influenza A, influenza B, RSV-A, RSV-B). A negative sample (transport medium only) was also included.

Eac panel member was tested n eplicate  tree, twicea ay r ve ays, r  toal1 experment s. T a cu       p  e,  a performing one run each day.

Tuche--erucbly dy palb modera osivopos h ega naive or eac vis were randomized nd sample ientis wee blinded t the user. Each panel membr was y was conducted using the same instrument system (Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ and $m 2 0 0 0 r t )$ at each site, and one reagent lot of the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ kits. The aggregate percent CV values across all sites were $\leq 3 . 7 \%$ for all targets, and for all concentrations tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All 3 Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific PanelMember</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(Agreementwith expectedresult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg. CN(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(Agreementwith expectedresult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg. CN(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(Agreementwith expectedresult)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg. CN(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg. CN(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>influenza AH1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.52(2.46)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.28(2.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.33(28/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.76(2.58)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.78(94.73-100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.85(2.28)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.95(1.67)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.83(2.41)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.67(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.16(3.21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.78(94.73-100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.31(2.35)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.67(11/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.92(4.67)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.33(10/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.88(1.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.33(10/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.43(3.31)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.44(24.63-44.26)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.38(3.04)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.26(1.77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.65(1.37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.31(1.59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(100.00 - 100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.41(1.53)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.61(1.29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.85(1.22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.04(1.96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(100.00 - 100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.83(1.50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67(2/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.53(1.41)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.67(5/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.31(1.81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.00(6/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.28(1.88)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.44(7.18-21.71)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.04(1.72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.25(1.37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.67(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.18(1.33)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.22(0.79)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.89(96.72-100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.22(1.13)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.67(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.91(0.81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.67(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.89(1.21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.33(22/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.89(1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.89(82.40 -95.38)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.90(1.01)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.00(9/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.53(1.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.67(11/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.74(0.90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.33(16/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.50(1.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.00(29.88 -50.12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.53(0.93)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.62(3.52)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.10(4.82)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.33(28/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.47(2.60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.78(94.73-100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.39(3.64)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.67(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.63(2.15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.67(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.57(2.47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.15(3.21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.78(94.73-100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.45(2.52)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67(2/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.93(2.80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67(2/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.03(1.90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.33(7/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.50(3.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.22(5.46 - 18.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.82(2.48)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.67(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.68(1.90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.39(2.14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.00(27/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.78(2.54)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.56(91.30 -99.81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.29(2.18)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.67(26/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.20(1.91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.67(26/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.21(1.50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.00(21/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.63(2.14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.11(73.02-89.20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.02(1.83)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.00(21/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.78(0.95)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.67(26/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.55(1.20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.00(24/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.06(1.76)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.89(70.46-87.32)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.23(0.83)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00(0.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00(0.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00(0.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00(100.00 - 100.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00(0.00)</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

The Analytical Sensitivity, or Limit of Detection (LoD), is defined as the concentration at which $\ge 9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive. The LoD for the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay was determined using two si lzauzB  iRSAn rai RSV-Bo dilution tested were in accordance with sample processing nstrucions provided in this package insert, and e ieTu below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Swine/NY/02/09 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9 x 10 TCID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Brisbane/10/07 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51 x 10&#x27;TCID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82 x 10-2 TCIDs/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A (RSVA Type A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17 x 10° TCIDso/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B CH93-(18)-18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65 x 10° TCIDs/mL</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity

Apa   ais (31za A 15za B, an9RV w st r hbily  b d IMDx Flu A/B and RSV or Abbott m2000 assay.Each strain was diluted in viral transport media and tested in iicAai s psivorheeniv ssy .

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34 (HINI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56 x 10° TCIDsq/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33 (HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.88x 10CEID5g/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07 (H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.49 x 10' TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/Canada/6294/09 (H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.57 x 10° TCIDs0/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NJ/8/76 (HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.91 x 10° TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NWS/33 (HINI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.05 x 10° CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/FM/1/47 (HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20 x 10' CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mal/302/54 (HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.86 x 10° CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57 (HINI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.48 x 10' CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Virginia/ATCC2/2009 (HIN1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.91 x 10° CEIDs0/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.85 x 101 TCIDs0/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/MRC2 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56 x 102 CEIDsq/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/26 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.85 x 102 CEID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/3/75 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.87 x 10° CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.64 x 10^2 TCID5q/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/09 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.79 x 10° TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/68 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.10 x 10° TCID5√mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Rhode Island/01/2010 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50 x 10³ TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/55/2004 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.58 x 102 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Uruguay/716/2007 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.79 x 10²2 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Florida/2/2006 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.28 x 10² TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.84 x 102 CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/10/2011 (H3N2v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.61 x 10² TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/71/2007 (H3N2v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56 x 10° TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.60 x 100 TCID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Mass/3/66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.78 x 10' CEID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 104 CEIDso/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10 CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10³3 CEIDsq/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/07/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.82 x 10' TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.43 x 10° tCIDsg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19 x 10' CEID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/RUSSIA/69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.99 x 10° CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/TAIWAN/2/62 (93-02)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10³ CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CEID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.01 x 10-1 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.20 x 10° CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Santiago/4360/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.61 x 10° CEID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/39/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.91 x 10' CEIDsq/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Ohio/01/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19 x 102 CEIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV/A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.42 x 10° TCIDsq/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA/Long</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.08 x 10³ TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA 1998/12-21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.10 x 101 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA 1998/3-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.97 x 10·1 TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA 2001/2-20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.09 x 10° TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA 2001/3-12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.97 x 10° TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVB/9320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.39 x 10° TCIDs/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVB/WV/14617/85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.79 x 10° TCIDsg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVB/WASH/18537/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.97 x 10° TCID5/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Pennsylvania/10218/84(H5N2)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23 pg/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/HongKong/33982/2009 (H9N2)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57 pg/μL</td></tr></table>

\*Denotes testing on purified genomic RNA

# Analytical Specificity: Cross Reactivity

A panel of 36 organisms from respiratory pathogens or human microbiota, and purified human DNA were tested at approximately $1 \mathbf { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathbf { C F U / m L }$ for bacteria, $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 } ~ \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for viruses, and $1 . 0 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ copies/mL for human DNA using the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay. No cross reactivity was observed for the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay.

# Microbial Interference

The same panel of 36 organisms from respiratory pathogens or human microbiota, and purified human DNA at concentrations of approximately $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacteria, $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 5 } \ T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ for viruses, and $\boldsymbol { 1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } }$ copies/mL we   i   ars; tz B and two RSV strains in viral transport medium.The two ifluenza A strains used or this study wereiluza A/Swine/NY/02/2009 (H1N1) and influenza A/Brisbane/10/2007 (H3N2). The two influenza B strains used for this study were influenza B/Florida/04/2006 (VI/87) and influenza B/Malaysi/2506/2004 (YA/88). The two RSV strains used for this study were RSV A Type A and RSV B CH93-18(18). Assay analytes were present in the samples at c nX .h   si h6 pe using the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay. No evidence of interference was observed.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus type I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus type 7A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium ulcerans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (CMV)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenza</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iluman Herpes Virus 6 (HHV6), Z29 strain</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Herpes Virus 7 (HHV7), SB Strain</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus Z048</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus l</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus MRSA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus MSSA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis MRSE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sireptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles Virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metapneumovirus 3 type B1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metapneumovirus 9 type AI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Swine/NY/02/09**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Brisbane/10/07**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/04/06**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/04**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA Type A strain**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVB CH93-18(18)**</td></tr></table>

Human Genomic $\overline { { { \bf D } { \bf N } { \bf A } \geq 1 . 0 { \bf x } 1 0 ^ { 3 } } }$ copies/mI Tete in competitive nterferency.

# Competitive Interference

A competitive interference, or co-nfection, study was perormed to tst whether a high titer of ne virus would a at concentrations of $2 \mathrm { \textbf { x } } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { \ T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ , and low titered targets were formulated at a concentration of approximately Lrha aec zz nV a  h suy p     eoi y ilicahe was servenc wi ein mpomhpeiv study; high concentration targets did not interfere with the detection of a second target that was near LoD.

# Potentially Interfering Substances

The susceptibility of the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay to interference by elevated levels of engenous ubstancerexogenous preparations was evaluateixvirl strains wereevaluate:fluezA strains: A/Swine NY/02/09 (H1N1) and A/Brisbane/10/07 (H3N2); two influenza B strains: B/Florida/04/07 and B/Malaysia/2506/04; two RSV strains: RSV-A and RSV-B CH93-(18)-18. These test organisms were diluted to a conntration of -3X LoD using M4T viral transport medium. The test panel consisted of substances that may be fouinnasharyl swaseces (listed heTablebelow. Testg as onduce usin e ot MDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ amplification reagents. Substances were diluted in viral transport media to conntrations that woul either eplicateorexceed the highest concentration expeced to be found inacl performance of the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay was observed.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredients and Potential Interferents inSubstance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Nasal Sprays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium chloride (with preservatives)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Gel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galphimia glaucaLuffa opperculataSulfur</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> t- - .            :-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluticasone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mometasone furoate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Budesonide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunisolide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamcinolone acetonide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beclomethasone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">NSAIDs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zanamivir</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibacterial, systemic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic nasal ointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allergy medicine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Histamine hydrochloricum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucus (bovine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin protein, type 1-S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (Human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood with EDTA</td></tr></table>

In IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay. FluMist contains live attenuated reassortants of each of the three strains: Influenza A/California/07/2009 (H1N1), Influenza A/Perth/16/2009 (H3N2), and Influenza Bi/60/2008nislIltluMs®iuezvacc of $1 0 ^ { 6 . 5 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 7 . 5 }$ unis gave detected signals r influenza A, and influenza B, but the influenza A and B CN vaues w  pha h diluted to $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { - 8 }$ and then tested using the IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay, influenza A and B were odeelau v of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV were detected as expected.

# Conclusion

The ith paroti  nupot  usnl equivale

INTELLIGENT MEDICAL DEVICES, INC. C/O FRAN WHITE, MDC Associates, LLC. 180 CABOT STREET   
BEVERLY MA 01915

Re: K131584 Trade/Device Name: IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott m2000 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, 001 Dated: May 29, 2013 Received: May 31, 2013

Dear Ms. White:

We have reviewed your Section $\mathfrak { s l o } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may Dublish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (2] CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally AHlojvat -S

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k131584

# Device Name: IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott m2000

Indications for Use:

The IMDx Flu A/B and RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay performed on the Abbott m2000 System is a qualitative in viro ast ee r hetz  iz  nSVNA oh swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The assay detects RNA frominfuenza A, nRSV  Burel- reve poy hac RT-CR fc ar pecyrzatin  nququen heal arees.The  Fu B RSV for Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ assay is intended for use as an aid in diagnosing influenza A and/or influenza B and/or RSV infection.

Nev sul  o eclzi le e disease. Theuseof additional laboratory testng and clinical presentation must be considered when diagosig respiratory viral infection.

Phaerisi enzaw tablisheure01-012n 20101za when Influenza A/2009 H1N1 and Influenza A/H3 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use _ X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)