# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7910 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
1055 East State Street   
Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 - Corporate number   
740-589-3373 - Desk phone   
740-593-8437 - Fax   
lollar@dhiusa.com

Date of preparation of 510(k) summary: June 11, 2013

# Device Name:

Trade name  Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf A + \mathbf B$ Assay   
Classification name  Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay   
Product Code - OZE   
Subsequent Product Code - OOI   
Regulation - 21 CFR 866.3980   
Classification - Class II

# Device Description:

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay detects viral nucleic acids that have been extracted from a patient sample using the NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ automated extraction platform. A multiplex real-time RT-PCR reaction is carried out under optimized conditions in a single tube generating amplicons for each of the target viruses present in the sample. This reaction is performed utilizing the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx, the Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x }$ , or the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textcircled{8}$ II platform. Identification of influenza A occurs by the use of target specific primers and a fluorescentlabeled probe that hybridizes to a conserved influenza A sequence within the matrix protein gene. Identification of influenza B occurs by the use of target specific primers and fluorescent-labeled probes that will hybridize to a conserved influenza B sequence within the neuraminidase gene.

The following is a summary of the procedure:

1. Sample Collection: Obtain nasal swab and nasopharyngeal swab specimens using standard techniques from symptomatic patients. These specimens are transported, stored, and processed according to established laboratory procedures.

2. Nucleic Acid Extraction: Extract Nucleic Acids from the specimens with the NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMAG $\mathfrak { P }$ System following the manufacturer's instructions using the appropriate reagents.

Prior to the extraction procedure add $2 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the Process Control (PRC) to each $1 8 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquot of specimen. The PRC serves to monitor inhibitors in the extracted specimen, assures that adequate amplification has taken place and that nucleic acid extraction was sufficient.

3. Rehydration of Master Mix: Rehydrate the lyophilized Master Mix using $1 3 5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of Rehydration Solution. The Master Mix contains oligonucleotide primers, fluorophore and quencher-labeled probes targeting highly conserved regions of the influenza A and influenza B viruses as well as the process control sequence. The primers are complementary to highly specific and conserved regions in the genome of these viruses. The probes are dual labeled with a reporter dye attached to the 5-end and a quencher attached to the $3 ^ { : }$ -end. The rehydrated Master Mix is sufficient for eight reactions.

4. Nucleic Acid Amplification and Detection: Add $1 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the rehydrated Master Mix to each reaction tube or plate well. $5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of extracted nucleic acids (specimen with PRC) is then added to the reaction tube or plate well. Place the tube into the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II instrument, or place the plate into either the Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx instrument or Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx.

Once the reaction tube or plate is added to the instrument, the assay protocol is initiated. This protocol initiates reverse transcription of the RNA targets generating complementary DNA, and the subsequent amplification of the target sequences occurs. The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay is based on TaqMan® chemistry, and uses an enzyme with reverse transcriptase, DNA polymerase, and $5 ^ { \circ } { - } 3 ^ { \circ }$ exonuclease activities. During DNA amplification, this enzyme cleaves the probe bound to the complementary DNA sequence, separating the quencher dye from the reporter dye. This step generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation by a light source of the appropriate wavelength. With each cycle, additional dye molecules are separated from their quenchers resulting in additional signal. If sufficient fluorescence is achieved the sample is reported as positive for the detected target sequence

# Intended Use:

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR assay for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B viral RNA in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and influenza B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay does not detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2011 and 2013 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3 and 2009 H1N1 influenza were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

The assay can be performed using the Life Technologies QuantStudio™M Dx, the Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx, or the Cepheid SmartCycler $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ II.

# Conditions for Use:

For prescription use only.

# Device Comparison

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay was compared to Prodesse ProFlu+ ("Comparator Device"). The characteristics of Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay ("Subject Device") and the two predicates, Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay (previously cleared for use with two other instruments) and the Prodesse ProFlu $+$ are described in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay(k112172, k113777)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+(k092500)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="17">Intended Use</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="4">The Quidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assayis a multiplex RealTime RT-PCR assayfor the in vitroqualitative detectionand differentiation ofinfluenza A andinfluenza B viral RNAin nasal andnasopharyngeal swabsfrom patients withsigns and symptomsof respiratoryinfection. This test is</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Quidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assayis a multiplex RealTime RT-PCR assayfor the in vitroqualitative detectionand differentiation ofinfluenza A andinfluenza B viral RNAin nasal andnasopharyngeal swabsfrom patients with</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="13">The ProFluTM+ Assayis a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR)in vitro diagnostictest for the rapid andqualitative detectionand discrimination ofInfluenza A Virus,Influenza B Virus,and RespiratorySyncytial Virus(RSV) nucleic acidsisolated and purifiedfrom nasopharyngeal(NP) swab specimensobtained fromsymptomatic patients.This test is intendedfor use to aid in thedifferential diagnosisof Influenza A,Influenza B and RSVviral infections inhumans and is notintended to detectInfluenza C.Negative results donot precludeinfluenza or RSVvirus infection andshould not be used as</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">signs and symptoms</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">of respiratory</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">infection. This test is</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">intended for use as an</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">intended for use as anaid in the differential</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">aid in the differentialdiagnosis of influenza</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">diagnosis of influenzaA and influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">diagnosis of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">diagnosis of influenzaA and influenza B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">viral infections inhumans inconjunction withclinical andepidemiological risk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">viral infections in</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">humans inconjunction with</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">clinical andepidemiological risk</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">factors. The assaydoes not detect the</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">factors. The assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">does not detect thepresence of influenzaC virus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">does not detect thepresence of influenzaC virus.Negative results donot preclude Influenzavirus infection and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">C virus.Negative results donot preclude influenzavirus infection and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="4">should not be used asthe sole basis fordiagnosis, treatmentor other patientmanagement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">should not be used as</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">the sole basis fortreatment or othermanagementdecisions. It isrecommended that</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">the sole basis for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">diagnosis, treatment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">or other patientmanagement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay(k112172, k113777)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+(k092500)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="8">decisions.Performancecharacteristics forinfluenza A wereestablished during the2011 and 2013influenza seasonswhen influenza A/H3and 2009 H1N1influenza were thepredominant influenzaA viruses incirculation. Whenother influenza Aviruses are emerging,performancecharacteristics mayvary.If infection with anovel influenza Avirus is suspectedbased on currentclinical andepidemiologicalscreening criteria</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="5">decisions.Performancecharacteristics forinfluenza A wereestablished during the2011 influenza seasonwhen influenza A/H3and 2009 H1N1influenza were thepredominant influenzaA viruses incirculation. Whenother influenza Aviruses are emerging,performancecharacteristics mayvary.If infection with anovel influenza Avirus is suspectedbased on currentclinical and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">negative RSV resultsbe confirmed byculture.Performancecharacteristics forInfluenza A Viruswere establishedwhen Influenza A/H3and A/H1 were thepredominantInfluenza A virusesin circulation. Whenother Influenza Aviruses are emerging,performancecharacteristics mayvary.If infection with anovel Influenza Avirus is suspectedbased on currentclinical andepidemiologicalscreening criteriarecommended bypublic healthauthorities,specimens should becollected withappropriate infectioncontrol precautionsfor novel virulentInfluenza viruses andsent to state or localhealth department fortesting. Viral cultureshould not be</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">virusesa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">epidemiological</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">screening criteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">screening criteria</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">recommended bypublic healthauthorities, specimensshould be collected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">recommended bypublic healthauthorities, specimens</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">should be collectedwith appropriateinfection controlprecautions for novelvirulent Influenzaviruses and sent to</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">with appropriateinfection controlprecautions for novelvirulent Influenzaviruses and sent tostate or local health</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">state or local healthdepartment for testing.Viral culture should</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">department for testing.Viral culture shouldnot be attempted in</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay(k112172, k113777)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+(k092500)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>not be attempted inthese cases unless aBSL 3+ facility isavailable to receiveand culturespecimens.The assay can beperformed usingeither the LifeTechnologiesQuantStudio™M Dx;the AppliedBiosystems® 7500Fast Dx, or theCepheidSmartCycler® II.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>these cases unless aBSL 3+ facility isavailable to receiveand culturespecimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>attempted in thesecases unless a BSL3+ facility isavailable to receiveand culturespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus,influenza B virus,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus,influenza B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus,influenza B virus,respiratory syncytialvirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nasal swab andnasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nasal swab andnasopharyngeal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nasopharyngeal swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtractionMethods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieuxeasyMAGAutomated MagneticExtraction Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux easyMAGAutomated MagneticExtraction Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche MagNA PureLC Total NucleicAcid Isolation Kit orthe bioMérieuxeasyMAG AutomatedMagnetic ExtractionReagents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR-based system fordetecting the presenceor absence of viralRNA in clinicalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR-based system fordetecting the presenceor absence of viralRNA in clinicalspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR-based systemfor detecting thepresence or absenceof viral RNA inclinical specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex assay using</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex assay using</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex assay using</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay(k112172, k113777)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+(k092500)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Techniques</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">different reporter dyesfor each target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">different reporter dyesfor each target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">different reporterdyes for each target</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Targets</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Influenza A: MatrixGene;Influenza B:conserved influenza Bsequence within theneuraminidase gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: MatrixGene;Influenza B:conserved influenza Bsequence within theneuraminidase gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: MatrixGene;Influenza B: Non-structural NS1 andNS2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">LoD</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">The analyticalsensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) ofthe Quidel MolecularInfluenza A+B assaywas determined usingquantified(TCID5o/mL) culturesof five (5) influenza Astrains, three (3)influenza B strains,serially diluted innegative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The analyticalsensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) ofthe Quidel MolecularInfluenza A+B assaywas determined usingquantified(TCID50/mL) culturesof 3 influenza Astrains (1 H1N1, 12009H1N1 and 1H3N2), 3 influenza Bstrains, serially diluted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">The analyticalsensitivity (limit ofdetection or LoD) ofthe ProFlu+ Assaywas determined usingquantified(TCID50/mL) culturesof 4 Influenza A (2H1N1 and 2 H3N2),2 Influenza B, 2Respiratory SyncytialVirus Type A, and 2Respiratory SyncytialVirus Type B strainsserially diluted innasopharyngealclinical matrix. Eachviral strain wasextracted using theRoche MagNA PureLC instrument andtested in replicates of20 per concentrationof virus.Analytical sensitivity(LoD), as defined asthe lowestconcentration at</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">nasopharyngealmatrix. Each dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">in negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasopharyngeal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ser</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">was extracted using</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">matrix. Each dilutionwas extracted using</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">the NucliSENS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">easyMAG System andtested in replicates of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">the NucliSENSeasyMAG System and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">easyMAG System andtested in replicates of20 per concentrationof virus on theApplied Biosystems®</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20 per concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="4">of virus on the LifeTechnologiesQuantStudioTM Dx;the AppliedBiosystems® 7500Fast Dx, or theCepheidSmartCycler® II.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7500 Fast Dx platformand the Cepheid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SmartCycler II.Analytical sensitivity(LoD), as defined as</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Device Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceQuidel MolecularInfluenza A+B Assay(k112172, k113777)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparator DeviceProdesse ProFlu+(k092500)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical sensitivity(LoD), as defined asthe lowestconcentration atwhich 95% of allreplicates testedpositive, ranged from10' to 10TCID50/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">the lowestconcentration atwhich 95% of allreplicates testedpositive, ranged from10' to 10°TCID50/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">which 95% of allreplicates testedpositive, ranged from$10^{2 to 10-1TCID50/mL.</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance:

# Precision/Reproducibility:

The reproducibility of the Quidel Molecular Influenza A and B Assay was evaluated at 3 laboratory sites. Reproducibility was assessed using a panel of 4 simulated samples. The panels consisted of 2 positive samples (above LoD), a high negative $( 0 . 3 \mathrm { x } \ \mathrm { L o D } )$ - sample and a negative sample for each virus, influenza A (A/Mexico/4108/2009) and influenza B (B/Florida/04/2006). Panels and controls were tested at each site by 2 operators for 5 days (triplicate testing $_ { \textrm { x 2 } }$ operators x 5 days $\texttt { x 3 }$ sites $= 9 0$ results per level for each virus). The panels and controls were extracted using the bioMérieux easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ system and tested on the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx.

<table><tr><td colspan="13" rowspan="1">Reproducibility Results - Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PanelMemberID</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Site Data</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVEC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVE Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA HighNegative(0.3 xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.4*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.2*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/28**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42/88**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA Positive1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA Positive2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">→1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVEC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVECt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDelection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVEa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rate ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AVE CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB HighNegative(0.3  LoD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.7*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.8*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/28**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.7*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65/88**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB Positive1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89**.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB Positive2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr></table>

\* Average Ct of positive results only \*\* One or more of the replicates was invalid due to non-detection of the PRC

Upon review of the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx reproducibility data it was determined that the concentration of the positive samples was higher than expected. A supplemental study was conducted internally using a near-LoD specimen. In this study, a sample with a low positive concentration (2x LoD) for influenza A and for influenza B and a negative sample were each extracted on three bioMérieux easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ systems and then tested on three Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx platforms. The two samples and controls were tested by two operators per instrument for five days, each sample tested in 3 replicates, for a total of 90 results per sample for each virus for each instrument (2 operators x 5 days x 3 instruments $_ { \textrm { X 3 } }$ replicates). This data is presented separately as a supplemental study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=13>Reproducibility Results - Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx  Supplemental Study</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember ID(TCIDs√/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QuantStudio™M #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QuantStudioTM #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuantStudio™M #3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TM#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Combined Instrument Data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDelection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVEC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ALowPositive(3.90E+01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ANegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BLowPositive(2.01E+02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza APositiveConontrol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BPositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

The data from the combined sites indicates that the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay generates reproducible results for both influenza A and influenza B viruses when tested with the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx.

# Limit of Detection

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay was determined using quantified $\mathrm { ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ cultures of five influenza A strains and three influenza B strains, serially diluted in negative nasopharyngeal matrix. Each dilution was extracted using the NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus and tested on both the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II, the Applied Biosystems $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx, and the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx platforms. Analytical sensitivity (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which at least $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive. The demonstrated LoD for each of the three instruments is shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final LOD(TCID50/mL)CepheidSmartCycler I1(K113777)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final LOD(TCID50/mL)AppliedBiosystems®7500 Fast Dx(K112172)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final LOD(TCID50/mL)LifeTechnologiesQuantStudioTMDx(K131728)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mexico/4108/2009(H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0E+01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1/Mal/302/54(H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/3/75(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.20E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/59/2007(H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00E+01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/RCHIN 8/05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane 09-10Vaccine Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.30E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/25/06/04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.70E+00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+00</td></tr></table>

# Analytical reactivity (inclusivity)

The reactivity of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $A + B$ Assay was evaluated against multiple strains of influenza A and influenza B viruses. The clinical influenza panel consisted of ten Influenza A subtype H1N1, two Influenza A subtype 2009H1N1, eight Influenza A subtype H3N2, two Influenza A subtype H5N1, and 13 Influenza B strains. An additional panel of non-clinical restricted isolates was also tested. Each panel member was extracted using the NucliSENS $\textcircled{8}$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ instrument and tested in triplicate on both the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II and Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx platforms.

In 2013 additional studies were performed using two new and unique strains of influenza A virus (H3N2v and H7N9). Six (6) isolates of the H3N2v strain were extracted using the NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMAG $\textcircled{8}$ instrument and tested in triplicate on both the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx and the Applied Biosystems $\textcircled{8}$ 7500 Fast Dx platforms. An inactivated isolate of H7N9 was extracted using the NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ instrument and tested in triplicate on both the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx and Applied Biosystems $\textcircled{8}$ 7500 Fast Dx platforms.

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } { \bf + } \mathbf { B }$ Assay detected $100 \%$ of the influenza A (45/45) and influenza B strains (15/15) at 2 to $_ { 3 \mathbf { x } }$ LoD levels including pandemic and avian influenza A strains and recent circulating influenza A variant strains.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Influenza A Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2009 H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1 A/California/07/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/PR/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/NWS/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Denver/1/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/FM/1/47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2009 H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A1/Mal/302/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.19E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HINI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.39E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Solomon Islands/3/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WI/629-2/2008 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WI/629-S7(D02473)/2009(H1N1pdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WI/629-S5 (D02312)/2009(H1N1pdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Aichi/2/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.83E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Uruguay/7/16/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/3/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Indiana/10/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.90E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Kansas/13/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Pennsylvania/14/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/361/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Minnesota/11/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.60E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/West Virginia/6/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00E+01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H7N9*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/ANHUI/1/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.95E+03*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

\* Inactivated virus - relative EID5o Titer/mL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Influenza B Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/HongKong/5/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Panama/45/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/02/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/07/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/25/06/04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.41E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Maryland/1/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Allen/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Russia/69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Mass/3/66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/GL/1739/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.30E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

The following avian strains were tested as cultured isolates in a BS-3 facility.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Non-clinical Restricted Influenza A Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H2N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/NY/6750/78 (H2N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H7N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/NJ/15086-3/94 (H7N3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H9N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/NJ/12220/97 (H9N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H4N8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/OH/338/86 (H4N8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H6N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/CA/431/00 (H6N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H8N4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Blue Winged Teal/LA/B174/86(H8N4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Anhui/01/2005(H5N1)-PR8-IBCDC-RG5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H10N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/GWT/LA/169GW/88 (H10N7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H11N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Chicken/NJ/15906-9/96 (H11N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H12N5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Duck/LA/188D/87 (H12N5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H13N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Gull/MD/704/77 (H13N6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H14N5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/GurjevRussia/262/82(H14N5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H15N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Shearwater/Australia/2576/79(H15N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H16N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Shorebird/DE/172/2006(H16N3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Carryover and Cross-contamination Studies

An internal study was completed with the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II, the Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx, and Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx platform where a number of PCR reactions were performed in five separate extractions and PCR runs. Each extraction run had alternating high positive and high negative samples within the same disposable. Each PCR run had alternating high positive and negative samples. All the high positive samples were positive for influenza A and influenza B $( \ 1 0 0 \% )$ . All of the high negative samples were negative for influenza A and influenza B. The data demonstrates that no carry-over or cross contamination was observed with the bioMérieux NucliSENS $\textcircled{8}$ easyMAG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ automated nucleic acid extraction instrument and the Cepheid SmartCycler $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ II instrument, the Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx, or Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx platform.

Analytical Specificity (Cross-reactivity)

Please see K113777 for Analytical Specificity (Cross-Reactivity) studies.

Analytical Specificity - Interfering Substances

Please see K113777 for Analytical Specificity (Interfering Substances) studies.

# Clinical Performance:

Performance characteristics of the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf A + \mathbf B$ Assay using the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx were established during a prospective study during the 2013 respiratory virus season (January to March 2013). Six hundred and thirty-one (631) fresh swab specimens that were collected for routine respiratory virus testing were used for this study at three sites across the United States. A single specimen was collected per patient. The specimens were extracted with the bioMérieux easyMAG® and tested with Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay using the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx. The specimens were also tested with a high performance FDA-cleared Influenza A and B molecular test.

The gender and age demographics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Age and Gender Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124 (36.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103 (35.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 (26.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103 (35.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 -59 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 (19.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 (16.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 (17.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 (13.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td></tr></table>

Six hundred and thirty-one (631) fresh swab specimens were tested by both the subject and comparator device for influenza A and influenza B viral RNA. Four (4) of these specimens were invalid on initial testing with the subject device (0.6%, 95% Cl: 0.2% to $1 . 6 \%$ . Re-testing of the specimens according to the Interpretation algorithm described above also yielded invalid results. Eight (8) specimens were invalid on initial and repeat testing (as per the device's Pl) on the comparator device (1.3%, 95% CI: $0 . 6 \%$ to $2 . 5 \%$ ). A total of twelve (12) invalid specimens have been removed from additional analysis. The table below details the performance of the Quidel Influenza A ${ \bf + \delta B }$ Assay on the QuantStudioTM Dx with the remaining 619 specimens when compared to a commercially available FDA-cleared RT-PCR influenza detection device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA-cleared RT-PCRdevice</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuidelMolecular</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>382</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204/204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% to100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>382/415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0% to94.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA-cleared RT-PCRdevice</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuidelMolecular</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9% to99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502/512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4% to98.9%</td></tr></table>

The prospective clinical study had a dual infection rate for Influenza A and Influenza B of $1 . 8 \%$ (11/631, $9 5 \%$ CI: $1 . 0 \%$ to $3 . 1 \%$ using the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf A + \mathbf B$ Assay. Three (3) of these dual infections were concordant with the FDA-cleared RT-PCR device comparator assay. Six (6) of these dual infections were discordant with the influenza A results from the FDA-cleared RT-PCR device comparator assay. Two (2) of these dual infections were discordant with the influenza B results from the FDA-cleared RT-PCR device comparator assay.

# Conclusion

When performed on the Life Technologies QuantStudioTM Dx, the Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ Assay yielded good positive and negative percent agreement when compared to a 510(k) cleared molecular device.

Ronald H. Lollar   
Senior Director, Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
Quidel Corporation   
1055 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, OH 45701

Re: K131728 Trade/Device Name: Quidel Molecular Influenza $\mathsf { A } + \mathsf { B }$ Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZE, OOI Dated: June 11, 2013 Received: June 12, 2013

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Acl. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statules and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set

Page 2 - Ronald H. Lollar

forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblemn/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/defauit.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, M. Sc., Ph.D. Director, Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k131728

Device Name: Quidel Molecular Influenza $A + B$ Assay

Indications For Use:

The Quidel Molecular Influenza $A + B$ Assay is a multiplex Real Time RT-PCR assay for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B viral RNA in nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and influenza B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay does not detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2011 and 2013 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3 and 2009 H1N1 influenza were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation.When other influenza A viruses are emerging. performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

The assay can be performed using either the Life Technologies QuantStudio ™ Dx, the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx, or the Cepheid SmartCycler® II.

Prescription Use x AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)