# CDC Human Influenza Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel

# 510(k) Summary

Submitted by   
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention   
1600 Clifton Road, NE   
Atlanta, GA 30333

SEP 2 3 2013

Contact Person   
CAPT Hye-Joo Kim, Pharm.D.   
Associate Director for Regulatory Affairs   
Office of the Director   
National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases Centers for Disease Control and Prevention   
1600 Clifton Road, NE, MS C-18   
Atlanta, GA 30333   
(404) 639-4643 (office)   
(404) 639-1275 (fax)   
hek6@cdc.gov

Proprictary Name CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel

Common or Usual Name

Human Influenza Virus Real-time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel

Regulatory Information   
Classification Regulation Section: 866.3332- Reagents for detection of specific novel influenza A viruses

Subsequent Regulation Sections: 866.3980- Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay 862.2570- Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems

Classification: Class II   
Classification Product Code: OQW   
Subsequent Product Codes: NSU, NXD, OEP   
Panel: Microbiology

Predicate Device CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel (K130551)

Device Description The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel is used in real-time RT-PCR assays (rRT-PCR) on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument. The device consists of oligonucleotide primers and dual-labeled hydrolysis (TaqMan®) probes to be used in rRT-PCR for the in vitro qualitative detection and characterization of human influenza viruses from viral RNA in respiratory specimens from patients presenting with influenza-like illness (ILI).

The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel is based on technology which is used in many molecular diagnostic assays. rRT-PCR assays are one-tube assays that first reverse-transcribe specific regions of RNA into cDNA copies. The cDNA then serves as a template for a polymerase chain reaction that utilizes thermocyclic heating and cooling of the reaction to logarithmically amplify a specific region of DNA. The probe anneals to a specific internal targel sequence located between the target loci of the forward and reverse primers. During the extension phase of the PCR cycle, the $5 ^ { \prime }$ exonuclease activity of Taq polymerase degrades any probe molecules hybridized to amplified target sequence, causing the reporter dye to separate from the quencher dye, and generating a fluorescent signal. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, increasing the fluorescence intensity. Fluorescence intensity is monitored at each PCR cycle. The amplification of each target is reflected by a logarithmic increase in fluorescence in comparison to the background signal.

# Intended Use

The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel is intended for use in real-time RT-PCR (rRT-PCR) assays on an Applied Biosystems (ABI) 7500 Fast Dx RealTime PCR instrument in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information:

• For qualitative detection of influenza virus type A or B from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including nasopharyngeal swabs [NPS], nasal swabs [NS], throat swabs [TS], nasal aspirates [NA], nasal washes [NW] and dual nasopharyngeal/throat swabs [NPS/TS]), and lower respiratory tract specimens (including bronchoalveolar lavage [BAL], bronchial wash [BW], tracheal aspirate [TA], sputum, and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture;

For determination of thc subtype of seasonal human influenza A viruses as seasonal A/H1, A/H3, and/or A/H 1 pdm09 from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including NPS, NS, TS, NA, NW, and NPS/TS) and lower respiratory tract specimens (including BAL, BW, TA, sputum and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture;

For the determination of the genetic lineage of human influenza B viruses as B/Victoria or B/Yamagata lineage from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including NPS, NS, TS, NA, NW, and NPS/TS) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture;

• For the presumptive identification of virus in patients who may be infected with influenza A subtype A/H5 (Asian Lineage) from viral RNA in human respiratory specimens and viral culture in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors;

To provide epidemiological information for surveillance of circulating influenza viruses.

Performance characteristics for influenza were established during a season when seasonal influenza viruses A/H1 and A/H3 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation and during a season when the A/H1 pdm09 influenza virus was the predominant influenza A virus in circulation. Perormance characteristics may vary with other emerging influenza A viruses.

Testing with the influenza H5a and H5b primer and probe sets should not be performed unless the patient meets the most current U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) clinical and epidemiological criteria for testing suspect A/H5 specimens. The definitive identification of influenza A/H5 (Asian lineage) either directly from patient specimens or from virus cultures requires additional laboratory testing, along with clinical and epidemiological assessment in consultation with national influenza surveillance experts.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Conversely, positive results do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other viruses. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of disease.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempled unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

All users, analysis. and any person reporting results from use of this device should be trained to perform and interpret the results from this procedure by a competent instructor prior to use. CDC Influenza   
Division wil limit the distribution of this device to only those users who have successfully completed a training course provided by CDC instructors or designees.

# Indications for Use

The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel is intended for use in real-time RT-PCR (rRT-PCR) assays on an Applied Biosystems (ABI) 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information:

For qualitative detection of influenza virus type A or B from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including nasopharyngeal swabs [NPS], nasal swabs [NS], throat swabs [TS], nasal aspirates [NA], nasal washes [NW] and dual nasopharyngeal/throat swabs [NPS/TS]), and lower respiratory tract specimens (including bronchoalveolar lavage [BAL], bronchial wash [BW], tracheal aspirate [TA], sputum, and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture;

# CDC Human Influenza Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel

For determination of the subtype of seasonal human influenza A viruses as seasonal A/H1, A/H3, and/or A/H1 pdm09 from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including NPS, NS, TS, NA, NW and NPS/TS) and lower respiratory tract specimens (including BAL, BW, TA, sputum and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture;   
For the determination of the genetic lineage of human influenza B viruses as B/Victoria or B/Yamagata lineage from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including NPS, NS, TS, NA, NW, and NPS/TS) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture.   
For the presumptive identification of virus in patients who may be infected with influenza A subtype A/H5 (Asian lineage) from viral RNA in human respiratory specimens and viral culture in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors;   
To provide epidemiological information for surveillance of circulating influenza viruses.

# Technological Characteristics

The changes proposed to the CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel subject to this 510(k) modify the device to add the capability to differentiate influenza B viruses, but do not represent a change in the fundamental technology.

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison

The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel (K130551) will serve as the predicate for the intended change. See Table 8-1 for a detailed comparison.

Table 8-1: Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td></td><td>CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel (K130551)</td><td>CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel with Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Intended Use</td><td>The CDC Human lnfluenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel is intended for use in Real-time RT-PCR ussays on an Applicd Biosystems (ABl) 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information:</td><td>The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel is intended for use in Real-time RT-PCR assays on an Applied Biosystems (ABl) 7500 FasI Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information:</td></tr><tr><td>• For qualilative detection of influenza virus type A or B rom viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical spccimens (including nasopharyngcal swabs. nasal swabs. throat swabs, nasal aspirates. nasal washes and dual nasopharyngeal/throat swabs). and lower respiratory tract specimens (including bronchoal veolar lavages. bronchial washes, tracheal aspirates, sputum, and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or rom viral culture For determination of the sublype of seasonal human</td><td>•For qualitative detection of influenza virus type A or B from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including nasopharyngcal swabs. nasal swabs. throat swabs. nasal aspirates. nasal washes and dual nasopharyngeal/throat swabs). and lower respiratory tract spccimens (including bronchoalvecolar lavages, bronchial washes, trachcal aspirates, sputum. and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture</td></tr></table>

The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel may be used with $\cdot$ either Quanta BioSciences qScriptTM One-Step qRT-PCR Kit, Low ROX (Quanta qScript™M)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza A viruses as scasonal A/ll), A/H3, and/orA/H1pdm09 from viral RNA in upper respiratory traclclinical specimens (including nasopharyngeal swabs, nasalswabs, throal swabs, nasal aspirates. nasal washes and dualnasopharyngeal/throat swabs). and lower respiratory tractspecimens (including bronchoalvcolar lavages, bronchialwashes, trachcal aspirates. sputum, and lung tissue) romhuman patients with signs and symptoms of respiratoryinfection and/or from viral culture•For the presumplive identification of virus in patientswho may be infected with influenza A sublypeA/lI5(Asian Lincagc) from viral RNA in humanrespiratory specimens and viral culture in conjunction withclinical and epidemiological risk actors•To provide cpidemiological information for surveillanceof the circulating influenza viruses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[influcnza A viruses as seasonal AHl, Afl3, and/orA/Hl pdm09 from viral RNA in upper respiratory tractclinical specimens (including nasopharyngeal swabs, nasal[swabs. throat swabs. nasal aspirates. nasal washes and dualnasopharyngeal/throal swabs). and lower respiratory tractspecimens (including bronchoalveolar lavages, bronchialwashes. (racheal aspiratcs. sputum. and lung tissue) fromhuman paticnts with signs and symploms of respiratoryinfection and/or from viral cultureFor the determination of the genetic lineage of humaninflucnza B virus as B/Victoria or B/Yamagata lincagefrom viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinicalSpecimens (including NPS. NS. TS. NA. NW. and NPS/TS)from human patients with signs ond symptoms&#x27;ofrespiratory infection and/or from viral culture.•For the presumptive identification of virus in patientswho may bc infected with influenza A sublype A/HS(AsianLincage) from viral RNA in human respiraiory specimensand viral culture in conjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factorsTo provide epidemiological information for survcillance ofthe circulating influenza viruses.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Universal influenza A viruses (animal and human).Swine-origin influenza A viruscs, Influcnza B viruses,and Influenza A subtypes: seasonal A/ll1. A/H3.AH Ipdm09 . and A/H5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Universal influenza A viruses (animal and human),Swinc-origin influcnza A viruses. Influenza B viruses.Influenza A subtypes: scasonal A/HI, A/H3. A/H1pdm09.and A/Hi5. Influcnza B/Yamagata and B/Victoria lineages</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal swabs. nasal swabs. throat swabs. nasalaspirates. nasal washes and dual nasopharyngeal/throatswabs, bronchoalveolar lavages, bronchial aspirates.bronchial washes. tracheal aspirates. sputum, and lungtissue and virus culure.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same except for influenza B genetic lineagedetermination: only upper respiratory specimens areclaimed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtractionMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>• QlAamp® Viral RNA Mini Kit, Qiagen Inc.MagNA Pure Compact -Total Nucleic Acid Kit, RocheApplied ScienceMagNA Pure Compact - RNA Isolation Kit. Roche ApplicdScienceMagNA Pure LC - RNA Isolalion Kit II, Roche AppliedScienceQiagcn QlAcube with QlAamp Viral RNA Mini Kit, QiagenInc.NucliSENS@ casyMAG. bioMerieux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EnzymeMaster Mix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invitrogen SuperScrip!TM JII Platinum One-StepQuantitative RT-PCR Kit (with or withoul ROX)ORQuanta BioSciences qScript™M One-Siep qRT-PCR Kit.Low ROX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

or Invitrogen SuperScript™M III Platinum® One-Step Quantitative RT-PCR Kii (with or without ROX) (Invitrogen SuperScriptTM).

# Analytical Performance Evaluation

Analytical Sensitivity - Limit of Detection Study (LOD)   
Analytical sensitivity of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay was demonstrated by determining the LOD using Quanta qScriptT™M and Invitrogen SuperScriptTM enzyme kits. Characterized viruses of known $50 \%$ infectious dose titers $\mathbf { ( E I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ were extracted, and the RNA was serially diluted and tested $\mathrm { \acute { n } } = 3$ to 5 replicates) in order to determine an apparent endpoint range. The LOD for each primer and probe set was confirmed by testing extraction replicates $( \mathtt { n } \mathtt { = } 2 0 )$ of the highest virus dilution where $2 9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive. Virus dilutions were prepared in virus transport medium containing human A549 cells to emulate clinical specimen matrix. The lowest concentration where the InfB and VIC or InfB and YAM primer and probe sets had uniform detection was reported as the LOD. The results are summarized in Table 8-2.

Table 8-2: LOD Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza B.Virus Lineage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Designation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LOD (EIDso/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invitrogen SuperScrip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quanta qScript™M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/ Victoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$10^2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Yamagata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/ Texas/06/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10^2.8</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Sensitivity - Inclusivity Testing

Inclusivity testing was conducted to demonstrate the capability of the oligonucleotide primers and probes in the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay to detect multiple strains of each influenza B virus lineage at low concentrations. Ten influenza B/Victoria lineage and ten influenza B/Yamagata lineage viruses were grown to high titer and harvested. Each virus was serially diluted to near the assay LOD. The diluted influenza B/Victoria lineage and B/Yamagata lineage viruses were extracted and tested in triplicate with the corresponding primer and probe set to demonstrate reactivity. Inclusivity of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay was evaluated with both enzyme systems (i.e. Invitrogen SuperScript™M and Quanta qScriptTM) and one cleared extraction method.

The Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay was reactive with all isolates of influenza B/Victoria and B/Yamagata lineage viruses. The inclusivity results are summarized in Tables 8-3 and 8-4.

Table 8-3: Analytical Reactivity of the Influenza B/Victoria Lineage Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Designation</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lineage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EIDso/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>InvitrogenSuperScript</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quanta qScriptTM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bolivia/1526/2010</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>B/Vic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/33/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ^2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Fujian Gulou/1272/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Georgia/07/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1032$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/230/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/259/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/New Jersey/1/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/26/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

Table 8-4: Analytical Reactivity of the Influenza B/Yamagata Lineage Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Designation</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lineage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>InvitrogenSuperScriptM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quanta qScript™M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lnfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/1/2010</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>B/Yam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ^22$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bangladesh/5972/2007        •</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bangladesh/71 10/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Chongqingyongchuan/18/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10T.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Finland/39/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/3/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hubei-Wujiagang/158/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 :</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Pennsylvania/7/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10^22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Santiago/4364/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/06/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity -Exclusivity

An exclusivity study was performed to demonstrate the specificity of each primer and probe set of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay when tested with influenza B viruses of the other lineage, with influenza A viruses, and with common non-influenza human respiratory viruses, respiratory bacteria, and commensal organisms of the human respiratory tract. All organisms used in the study were propagated, titered, and characterized to confirm identity prior to testing. Nucleic acids were purified from (10) influenza B/Victoria lineage and (10) influenza B/Yamagata lineage viruses, eight (8) influenza A viruses of various subtypes that infect humans, and thirty-five (35) non-influenza organisms (16 viruses, 18 bacteria, and 1 yeast) representing common respiratory pathogens or flora commonly present in specimens collected from the human nasopharynx region. High titer preparations of bacteria and yeast, generally greater than or equal to $1 0 ^ { 6 } c f u/ m L$ , were tested with the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay. Similarly, influenza and non-influenza respiratory virus preparations al concentrations greater than $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { T C I D } \varsigma _ { 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ were tested (except in cases where production of high titer virus stock was not possible, e.g. parainfluenza virus type 2). The Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay was evaluated with both enzyme kits (i.e. Invitrogen SuperScriptTM and Quanta qScriptTM) and one cleared extraction method.

The lineage-specific primer and probe sets of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay were evaluated for cross-reactivity with 10 influenza B viruses of the opposite lineage at high . titer. No cross-reactivity was detected when tested in triplicate $( n = 3 )$ with each isolate of the opposite lineage. The results with each lineage-specific primer and probe set are shown in Tables 8-5 and 8-6.

Table 8-5: Cross-Reactivity of the Influenza B/Yamagata Lineage Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Designation</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lineage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>InvitrogenSuperSciptM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quanta qScript™M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bolivia/1526/2010</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>B/Vic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/33/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Fujian Gulou/1272/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Georgia/07/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ^.2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/230/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/259/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/New Jersey/1/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/26/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr></table>

Table 8-6: Cross-Reactivity of the Influenza B/Victoria Lineage Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Designation</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lineage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EIDso/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>InvitrogenSuperScript</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quanta qScript™</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/1/2010</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>B/Yam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bangladesh/5972/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bangladesh/71 10/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Chongqingyongchuan/18/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Finland/39/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/3/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hubei-Wujiagang/158/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Pennsylvania/7/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Santiago/4364/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/06/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr></table>

The Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay was also evaluated for cross-reactivity with various influenza A viruses of subtypes that circulate in humans or from animal origin that infect humans. The results of testing RNA isolated from high titer stocks of each influenza A virus are shown in Table 8-7. Each test was performed using Invitrogen SuperScript™M and Quanta qScriptTM.

Table 8-7: Cross-Reactivity with Influenza A Viruses Infecting Humans   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Designation</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EIDsd/mLorTCIDs/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>InvitrogenSuperScript</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Quanta qScriptTM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HINI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/07/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(HIN1)pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Minnesota/19/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIN2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Indiana/10/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/Vietnam/NCVD-016/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Egypt/NO3072/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Bangladesh/0994/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H9N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1010.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

The Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay was evaluated for cross-reactivity with various respiratory pathogens and flora. The results are presented in Table 8-8.

Table 8-8: Specificity Results with Respiratory Pathogens and Flora   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Organism Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>InvitrogenSuperScript</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>QuantaaScript</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria and Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cfu/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inf B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2001-21-196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 88$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TW183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M15709</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loctobacillus plantarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M15757</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>••</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobocterium tuberculosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H37Rv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 ng/μL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MI-29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 }</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria elongata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M2578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas oeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249-06(Thailand)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7790-06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS1672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCIDso/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inf B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echo 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Adenovirus, type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ad.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Adenovirus, type 7a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S-1058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 .1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus virus²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.4 ng /μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus virus²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6 ng/μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 $5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parainfluenza 1 virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 ng/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parainfluenza 2 virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Greer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parainfluenza 3 virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytlal virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CH93-18b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex VIrus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KOS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varicella-zoster Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AV92-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B95-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 ng/ul</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edmonston</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 $5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enders</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD-169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr></table>

Organism quantified by Infectious Forming Units (IFU) 2 Organism quantified by spectrophotometry (ng/μl)

The analytical specificity studies demonstrated that the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay did not cross-react with any non-specific influenza viruses or any of the non-influenza respiratory pathogens or commensal organisms and demonstrated $100 \%$ concordance with the expected results.

# Precision/Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the InfB and RP primer and probe sets of the CDC Human Influenza Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel has been demonstrated in previous submissions (K080570 and K101564), so an internal study was performed to demonstrate the precision of the VIC and YAM primer and probe sets. The study design included the parameters of different operators, days, runs within a day, and samples of different concentrations (i.e. low, medium, high negative) as recommended in the FDA Guidance Document "Establishing the Performance Characteristics of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices for the Detection and Differentiation of Influenza Viruses." Determinations of precision estimates were performed using guidelines provided in the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute document EP5-A2 (Tholen et al.). Each primer and probe set was tested with one influenza strain for which it was designed and using one extraction method and one enzyme kit option. Three samples (moderate, low, and high negative) of each lineage were tested by two operators who individually performed two separate runs per testing day. Testing was performed over 12 days (not necessarily consecutive), however, both operators performed testing on the same day. This design generated 96 results per panel member.

The results of the within-laboratory precision study are presented in Table 8-9.

Table 8-9: Precision Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>Panel Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Primer/Probe Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Analyst I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Analyst 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AgreementTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ave.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ave.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>B/VictoriaModerate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (96.2 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (96.2 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>B/VictoriaLow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inf\B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8(88.4-97.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.9 (62.2-79.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>B/VictoriaHigh Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In\B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8(88.4-97.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (96.2 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>B/YamagataModerate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (96.2 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (96.2 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>B/YamagataLow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9 (92.7 - 99.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9 (92.799.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>B/YamagataHigh Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0 (94.3-99.8)</td></tr></table>

N/A=nol applicable

The within laboratory precision study demonstrated a high concordance with the expected results for each type of sample and a coefficient of variation below $6 \%$ or lower. A lower degree of agreement was observed with the VIC primer and probe set with the sample that was at or near the LOD. Testing of this sample resulted in an average Ct of approximately 37 which is very close to the established cutoff of the assay.

# Clinical Performance Evaluation

A clinical study was conducted during the 201 1-2012 influenza season to evaluate the performance of the CDC Human Influenza rRT-PCR Diagnostic Panel- Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay. Residual material from a total of 1,002 respiratory specimens from patients who were symptomatic for influenza-like illness (ILl) was collected and tested at 6 clinical sites. The clinical study was conducted in accordance with the clinical protocol entitled "Clinical Validation Protocol for Evaluating the CDC Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay" [FDA pre-IDE 1120636] (Attachment A), following the training of each clinical site. Specimens were excluded from the clinical data analysis for reasons of unknown specimen type (4), lower respiratory specimen (5), inconclusive results (1), or technician error (131; excluded from Quanta qScriptTM runs only). After exclusion of specimens there were a total of 992 specimens tested using Invitrogen SuperScript™M and 861 specimens tested using Quanta qScriptTM.

The study population and specimen types are summarized by age range and specimen type in Table 8-10.

Table 8-10: Study Population and Specimen Type Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>•                       Number of Clinical Specimens by Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS/TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17-54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&#x27;24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>798</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr></table>

NA=nasal aspirate, NW=nasal wash, NS=nasal swab, NPS-nasopharyngeal swab, NPS/TS=dual nasopharyngeal and throat swab, TS=throat swab, LR=lower respiratory specimens including bronchoalveolar lavage, bronchial wash, tracheal aspirate, sputum, or lung tissue.

# Expected Values

During February 25, 2012, to May 19, 2012, World Health Organization and National Respiratory and Enteric Virus Surveillance System (NREVSS) collaborating laboratories in the United States tested 47,281 respiratory specimens for influenza viruses. Of these, 9,415 $( 1 9 . 9 \% )$ were positive: $8 5 \%$ of the positive specimens were positive for influenza A viruses and $1 5 \%$ were positive for influenza B viruses. Among the 5,071 influenza A viruses for which subtyping was performed, 3,680 $( 7 2 . 6 \% )$ were influenza A/H3 viruses and 1,391 $( 2 7 . 4 \% )$ were 2009 H1N1 influenza viruses.

# Prospective Study

The performance of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay was demonstrated at the clinical sites using both the Invitrogen Superscript™M and Quanta qScript™M enzyme kits. Specimens collected in the study were tested with the InfB and RP primer and probe set from the FDA-cleared CDC Human Influenza Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel to establish the presence of influenza B viral RNA in upper respiratory specimens and confirm adequate specimen collection. In order to determine the performance of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay, bi-directional nucleic acid sequence analysis of a region of the influenza B hemagglutinin (HA) gene was performed on each specimen containing influenza B viral RNA.

Contemporary influenza B viruses can be phylogenetically and antigenically separated into two major lineages on the basis of the influenza virus HA gene. The divergence of the two antigenically distinct lineages was first recognized during seasonal surveillance during the late 1980s and is represented by the reference viruses, influenza B/Yamagata/16/88 and B/Victoria/2/87 (Rota et al. 1990). An alignment of the full length HA sequences from many viruses from both lineages was used to locate a variable region flanked by two conserved regions that could be used to discriminate viruses from the two different lineages. This variable region was selected intentionally as separate and distinct from the region targeted in the influenza B lineage genotyping assays. Minor genetic variations are found among clinical isolates from each of the two lineages due to the accumulation of mutations within the variable region as the viruses evolve, however, the lineage of these viruses can still be determined by a high percent identity of their nucleic acid sequences to that of representative reference viruses.

A 221-bp fragment containing the selected variable region of the HA gene was amplified by RT-PCR from RNA isolated from each clinical specimen. Each strand of the DNA amplicon was sequenced to obtain 4-fold coverage of an 82-bp region with Phred20 quality sequence data $9 9 \%$ accuracy). Sequence data of each sample were aligned to B/Victoria and B/Yamagata reference virus sequences of the HA gene and the percent homology calculated. A homology exceeding $9 5 \%$ to one lineage reference sequence while showing less than $9 5 \%$ EPY to the other lineage reference sequence confirmed the identity of the influenza B virus. Multiple reference sequences for the B/Yamagata lineage were needed to resolve some samples since there appeared to be persistence of some older influenza B viruses in circulation in the population sampled. The prospective study results of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay used with either Invitrogen SuperScript™ or Quanta qScript™ enzyme kits are summarized in Tables 8-11 through 8-14 showing the percent agreement and the two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval calculated according to the score method (Garret et al.).

Table 8-11: VIC Comparison using Invitrogen SuperScriptTM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#.of Positives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Negative Agreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (34.2 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 90.6 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (92.1100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862/863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.3 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS/TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (75.8 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 86.7 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA^{2}}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 67.6 - 100.0)</td></tr></table>

'Proportion of true positives or true negatives correctly identified versus the comparator Not applicable; no positive samples of this specimen type were obtained

Table 8-12: YAM Comparison using Invitrogen SuperScript™M   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Positives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Negative Agreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (91.0 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (83.1 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>889/889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (99.6 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS/TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (34.2 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 90.1 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 67.6 - 100.0)</td></tr></table>

Proportion o true positives or true negativs correcty ientied versus the comparator Not applicable; no positive samples of this specimen type were obtained

Table 8-13: VIC Comparison using Quanta qScriptrM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Positives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Negative Agreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (34.2 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (85.13 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (92.0 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>749/752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6 (98.8 - 99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS/TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7(64.6- 98.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 84.5 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA^{2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 67.6  100.0)</td></tr></table>

'Proortion o true positives or true negatives correcly identied versus the comparator 2Not applicable; no positive samples of this specimen type were obtained

Table 8-14: YAM Comparison using Quanta qScript™M   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Positives&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Negative Agreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA^{2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (86.2 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (83.2 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>775/777</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (99.1 - 99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS/TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (34.2 - 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (89.0 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (67.6 - 100.0)</td></tr></table>

Proportion of true positives or true negatives correctly identified versus the comparator Not applicable; no positive samples of this specimen type were obtained

# Retrospective Study

The prevalence of influenza B viruses within the prospective clinical study population was approximately $8 \%$ with the B/Victoria lineage outnumbering B/Yamagata lineage by a factor of 3 to 1. To augment the number of B/Yamagata lineage viruses in the clinical study, additional study specimens were selected from routine influenza surveillance samples collected between September 2012 and January 2013 that had been initially screened for influenza A and B with the FDA-cleared CDC Human Influenza Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel. Fifty-one specimens identified as influenza B positive were selected for the study and tested using the approved clinical protocol. The retrospective study results of the Influenza B Lineage Genotyping Assay used with either Invitrogen SuperScript™ or Quanta qScript™M enzyme kits are summarized in Table 8-15 through 8-18 showing the percent agreement and the two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval.

Table 8-15: VIC Comparison using Invitrogen SuperScriptTM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Positives!</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement (95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (20.7 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 78.5 - 100.0)</td></tr></table>

'Proportion of true positives correctly identified versus the comparator

Table 8-16: YAM Comparison using Invitrogen SuperScript™M   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specinen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Positives!</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement (95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 43.9 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 88.3 - 100.0)</td></tr></table>

'Proportion of true positives correctly identified versus the comparator

Table 8-17: VIC Comparison using Quanta qScriptTM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of PositivesI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement (95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 20.7 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (78.5 - 100.0)</td></tr></table>

Proportion of true positives correctly identified versus the comparator

Table 8-18: YAM Comparison using Quanta qScriptTM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Positives&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive Agreement (95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA, NW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 ( 43.9 - 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS, NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6 (82.8 - 99.4)</td></tr></table>

Proportion of true positives correctly identified versus the comparator

# Conclusion

The modification of the CDC Human Influenza Virus rRT-PCR Diagnostic Panel to add the capability to differentiate the two major lineages of influenza B viruses does not substantially change the device. Analytical and clinical data demonstrate that the performance of the device to determine the lineage of influenza B viruses is accomplished with high positive and negative percent agreement with the comparator method in a manner substantially equivalent to the predicate.

# CDC Human Influenza Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel

# References

FDA Guidance Document: Establishing the Performance Characteristics of In Viiro Diagnostic Devices for the Detection and Differentiation of Influenza Viruses [Issued July 15, 201 1]. Food and Drug Administration, Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

Garrett, P.E., Lasky, F.D., Meier, K.L. 2008. Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI). User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance; Approved Guideline—Second Edition. CLSI document EP12-A2.

Tholen, D.W. Kallner, A., Kennedy, J.W., Krouwer, J.S., and Meier, K. Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSl). Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline-Second Edition. CLSI document EP5-A2.

Rota, P.A., Wallis, T.R., Harmon, M.W., Rota, J.S., Kendal, A.P., Nerome, K. 1990. Cocirculation of Two Distinct Lineages of Influenza B Virus Since 1983. Virology 175:59- 68.

# JAN 14 2014

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention   
C/O CAPT. Hye-Joo Kim, Pharm D.,   
Associate Director for Regulatory Affairs, NCEZID   
1600 Clifton Road, MS-C18,   
Atlanta, GA 30333

Re: K132508 Trade/Device Name: CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Dagnostic anel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratoryvial panel multiplex ucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZE, OEP, OQW, NXD, NSU Dated: August 9, 2013 Received: August 12, 2013

Dear Dr. Kim:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of September 3, 2013.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to a c and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the elecronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-42theAct); 21 CR1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and pleasecontacthe DivisinSmalManufcturers, InternationalandConsumerssisc at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.9For questions regarding the reporting dverse events under the MDR regulation CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Tamara V. Feldblyum -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director,   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known): K132508

# Device Name: CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel

# Indications for Use:

The CDC Human Influenza Virus Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel is intended for use in realtime RT-PCR (rRT-PCR) assays on an Applied Biosystems (ABl) 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information:

For qalati in a y ol NA y tract clinical specimens (including nasopharyngeal swabs [NPS], nasal swabs [NS], throat swabs [TS], nasal aspirates [NA], nasal washes [NW] and dual nasopharyngeal/throat swabs [NPS/TS]), and lower respiratory tract specimens (including bronchoalveolar lavage [BAL], bronchial wash [BW], tracheal aspirate [TA], sputum, and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture; For determination f the subty of seasonal human influenza A viruses s seasonal A/H, A/H3, and/or A/H1 pdm09 from viral RNA in upper respiratory tract clinical specimens (including NPS, NS, TS, NA, NW and NPS/TS) and lower respiratory tract specimens (including BAL, BW, TA, sputum and lung tissue) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture; For the determination of the genetic lineage of human influenza B viruses as B/Victoria or B/Yamagata lineage from viral RNA in upperrespiratory tract clinical specimens (including NPS, NS, TS, NA, NW, and NPS/TS) from human paticnts with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or from viral culture; For the presumptive identification of virus in patients who may be infected with influenza A subtype A/H5 (Asian lineage) from viral RNA in human respiratory specimens and viral culture in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors; To provide epidemiological information for surveillance of circulating influenza viruses.

Performance characteristics or influenza were established during a season when seasonal influenza viruses A/H1 and A/H3 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation and during a season when the A/H1 pdm09 influenza virus was the predominant influenza A virus in circulation. Performance characteristics may vary with other emerging influenza A viruses.

Testing with the influenza H5a and H5b primer and probe sets should not be performed unless the patient meets the most current U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) clinical and epidemiological criteria for testing suspect A/H5 specimens. The definitive identification o influenza A/H5 (Asian lineage) either directly from patient specimens or from virus cultures requires additional laboratory testing, along with clinical and epidemiological assessment in consultation with national influenza surveillance experts.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Conversely, positive results do not rule out bacterial infecion r onfection with other viruses. The agent detecd may not be the definite cause disease.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted unless a BSL $\Im { + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

All users, analysts, and any person reporting results from use of this device should be trained to   
perform and interpret the results from this procedure by a competent instructor prior to use. CDC Influenza Division will limit the distribution of this device to only those users who have successfully completed a training course provided by CDC instructors or designees.

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH)

Tamara V. Feldblyum -S 2013.09.20 09:14:18 -04'00'