Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. ProFlu $^ +$ Assay Special 510(k) Submission

# Attachment D 510(k) SUMMARY

CONTACT   
Emily Ziegler   
Scientist I   
Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. 20925 Crossroads Circle Waukesha, WI53186

NAME OF DEVICE

Trade Name: Regulation Number: Product Code: Classification Name:

Prodesse ProFluTM+ Assay   
21 CFR 866.3980   
OCC, 001   
Nucleic acid amplification assay for detection and differentiation of   
Influenza A, Influenza B, and RSV

# PREDICATE DEVICE

K110968, ProFluTM+ Assay

# INTENDED USE

The Prodesse $\mathsf { P r o F l u ^ { T M } } +$ Assay is a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic tesl for the rapd and qualiative detection and discriination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, and Resptoy Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test is intended for usc to aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect Influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza or RSV virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. Conversely, positive results do not rule-out bacterial infection or co-infection with other viruses. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of disease. The use of additional laboratory testing and clinical presentation must be considered in order toobtain the final diagnosis of respiratory viral infection.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { H } 3$ and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation (2006  2007 respiratory season). Performance characteristics for Influenza A were confirmed when Influenza $\mathbf { A } / \mathrm { H l }$ , Influenza A/H3, and Influenza A/2009 H1N1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation (2008 and 2009). When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to reccive and culture specimens.

# PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

The ProFlu+ Assay enables detection and discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, RSV and universal internal control nucleic acid. Nasopharyngeal swab specimens are collected from patients with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection using a polyester, rayon or nylon tipped swab and placed into viral transport medium.

AUniversal Internal Control (UIC) is added to each sample prior to nucleic acid isolation to monitor for inibitors present in the specimens.The isolation and purification of the nucleic acids is performed using either a MagNA Pure LC Instrument (Roche) and the MagNA Pure Total Nucleic Acid Isolation Kit (Roche) or a NucliSENS® easyMAG™M System (bioMérieux) and the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents (bioMérieux).

The purified nucleic acids are added to Influenza A/Influenza B/RSV Mix along with enzymes included in the ProFlu $^ +$ Assay Kit. The Influenza A/lnfluenza B/RSV Mix contains oligonucleotide primers and target-specific oligonucleotide probes. The primers are complementary to highly conserved regions of genc sequences for these respiratory viruses.The probes are dual-labed with a reporter dye attaced to the $5 ^ { \ast }$ -end and a quencher dye attached to the $3 ^ { \ast }$ -end (see table below).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gene Targeted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbsorbancePeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EmissionPeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentChannel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RespiratorySyncytial Virus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymerase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL FluorOrange 560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TET</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RespiratorySyncytial Virus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymerase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL FluorOrange 560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TET</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-structuralNS1 and NS2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL Fluor Red610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>615 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Texas Red</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Universal InternalControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quasar 670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>647 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cy5</td></tr></table>

Reverse transcription of the RNA in the sample into complementary DNA (cDNA) and subsequent amplification of DNA is performed in a Cepheid SmartCycler® Iinstrument.In this process, the probe anneals specifically to the template followed by primer extension and amplification. The ProFlu+ Assay is based on Taqman chemistry, which utilizes the $5 ^ { \circ } - 3 ^ { \circ }$ exonuclease activity of the Taq polymerase to cleave the probe thus separating the reporter dye from the qucncher. This generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation from a light source. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, further increasing fluorescent signal. The amount of fluorescence at any given cycle is dependent on the amount of amplification products present at that time. Fluorescent intensity is monitored during each PCR cycle by the SmartCyclerlI instrument.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

The modified ProFlu $^ +$ Assay differs from the current kit in the following ways:

Outsourcing of control stock manufacturing lcading to a change in control vector;   
Universal Internal Control, consisting of an RNA in vitro transcript and a DNA plasmid, incorporated into the kit;   
Two modified positive controls replacing the four current positive controls. In addition, the 1:10 dilution step performed by customers has been removed;   
Additional reactivity for Influenza A/Indiana/10/2011 (H3N2v) and Influenza A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9).   
Increase the number of allowable freeze-thaw cycles for the M-MLV Reverse Transcriplase and RNase Inhibitor II from five (5) to ten (10).

The labeling was updated accordingly to incorporate the modifications listed above.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

The Intended Use and Warnings or Precautions of the modified device as described in the labeling have not changed.

The modifications detailed in the table below had not had any efect or caused any changes to the fundamental scientific technology of the device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Impact of Modification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verification/Validation Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outsourcing of controls leading tominor changes in sequence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modification of the internal controlmay affect the ability of the device to</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The UIC did not affect the ability of theProFlu+ Assay to detect targetorganisms at the limil of delection asevinced by the results of AnalyticalSensitivity, IC Interference, ExtractorEquivalency, and Sample Stabilitystudies. Additionally, the results of aretrospective clinical comparison studydemonstrated the modified ProFlu+Assay with UIC continues to meet theperformance claims for the currentProFlu+ Assay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incorporation of a UniversalInternal Control, containing bothRNA and DNA internal controlsequences.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>detect the target organisms.Additionally, it may change theclinical performance of the ProFlu+Assay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outsourcing of controls leading tominor changes in sequence</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Changes in the sequences, format(pooled vs. individual), orconcentration may affect theperformance of the modified positivecontrols in terms of stability orability to detect global assay failures.</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Stability studies demonstrated currentstability claims are met. Clinicalvalidation of the modified positivecontrols demonstrated their continuedability to monitor for global assayfailures.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two modified positive controls(lnf. A/Inf. B/RSV A Control andRSV B Control) replacing currentfour positive controls.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified positive controlsprovided &quot;at use&quot; concentration,no dilution is necessary.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3N2v and H7N9*Reactivily Claims</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of the Reactivity Studydemonstrated the ability of the ProFlu+Assay to detect A/Indiana/10/2011(H3N2v) and A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)nucleic acids at concentrations near thelimit of detection of the assay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Increase the number of freeze-thaw cycles for the M-MLVReverse Transcriptase and RNaseInhibitor II from five (5) to ten(10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Increasing the number of freeze-thawcycles for the MMLV ReverseTranscriptase and RNase Inhibitor IImay affect the assay performance.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability studies demonstrated thatProFlu+ Assay performance was notaffected when the MMLV ReverseTranscriptase and the RNase InhibitorII underwent 10 freeze-thaw cycles.</td></tr></table>

\* Although this test has been shown to detect A/Anhui/1/2013 H7N9 RNA and influenza A/ Indiana/10/2011 (H3N2v) virus cultured from positive human respiratory specimens, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical spccimens that are positive for H7N9 or H3N2v influenza viruses have not been established. The Prodesse ProFl $\mathbf { u } ^ { \mathsf { T M } } +$ Assay can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it cannot differentiate influenza A subtypes.

3Verification and validation studies performcd demonstrated that all clinical and analytical performance/functionality remains unchanged from the previous device.

4. The appropriate Design Control activities were performed;

a. A Risk Analysis was performed and did not raise any new concerns of salety and efficacy associated with the modifications. b. A declaration of conformity with design controls has been submitted.

The modified ProFlu+ Assay is substantially equivalent to the current legally marketed device, ProFlu+ Assay.

Emily Ziegler   
Scientist I   
Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. 20925 Crossroads Circle Waukesha, WI 53186

Re: K132129 Trade/Device Name: ProFlu $\mathrm { T M } _ { + }$ Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Virus Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, O0I Dated: July 9, 2013 Received: July 10, 2013

Dear Ms. Ziegler:

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set

Page 2  Emily Ziegler

forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K132129 Device Name: ProFlu $^ { \mathrm { ( T M _ { + } } }$ Assay

Indications for Use:

The $\mathrm { P r o F l u ^ { T M } \mathrm { + } }$ Assay is a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection and discrimination of Influenza A Virus, Influenza B Virus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test is intended for use to aid in the differential diagnosis of Influenza A, Influenza B and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect Influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza or RSV virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. Conversely, positive results do not rule-out bacterial infection or co-infection with other viruses. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of disease. The use of additional laboratory testing and clinical presentation must be considered in order to obtain the final diagnosis of respiratory viral infection.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A Virus were established when Influenza A/H3 and A/H1 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation (2006  2007 respiratory season). Performance characteristics for Influenza A were confirmed when Influenza A/H1, Influenza A/H3, and Influenza A/2009 H1NI were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation (2008 and 2009). When other Influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use __X And/Or Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)