# K132573

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-ST Moxifloxacin

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter's Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Nathan Hardesty   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8666   
314-731-8689   
September 10, 2013

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

A. 510(k) Number: K132573   
B. Purpose for Submission: Substantial equivalence determination for the addition of Moxifloxacin to the VITEK® 2 and VITEK ${ \tilde { \mathbf { \sp { x } } } } _ { 2 }$ Compact Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems for the testing of Streptococcus species.   
C. Measurand: VITEK® 2 AST-ST Moxifloxacin concentrations of 0.5. 1, 4 and $8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l }$ .The MIC result range of the card is $\leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .   
D.Type of Test: The minimum inhibitory concentration (MiC) is determined using a quantitative growth based detection algorithm according to a predetermined growth threshold.   
E. Applicant: bioMérieux, Inc.

# F. Proprietary and Established Names:

VITEK 2 Streptococcus Moxifloxacin VITEK\* 2 AST-ST Moxifloxacin

G. Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LONSystem, Test, Automated.AntimicrobialSusceptibility, ShortIncubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.1645Short-TermAntimicrobialSusceptibility TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83Microbiology</td></tr></table>

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended use:

VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { k } } 2$ Streptococcus Moxifloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species and is intended for use with the VITEK $\mathbf { \phi } _ { 2 } ^ { \ast }$ and VITEK\* 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { H } } 2$ Streptococcus Moxifloxacin is a quantitative test. Moxifloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections

Streptococcus anginosus   
Streptococcus constellatus   
Streptococcus pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant isolates [MDRSP]\*)   
Streptococcus pyogenes

\*MDRSP. Multi-drug resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae includes isolates previously known as PRSP (Penicillin resistant S. pneumoniue), and are isolates resistant to two or more of the following antibiotics: penicillin $( \mathrm { M } \mathrm { L } ) { \ge } 2 ~ \mathrm { m c g / m L } ) .$ 2nd generation cephalosporins (for example, cefuroxime). macrolides, tetracyclines, and trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole.

The following in vitro data are available, but their clinical significance is unknown.

Gram-positive bacteria Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus viridans group

2. Indication(s) for use:

VITEK $^ { \tilde { \mathbf { \alpha } } } 2$ Streptococcus Moxifloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Sireptococcus species and is intended for use with the VITEK $\bar { \bf \Phi } ^ { \mathrm { i n } } \bar { \bf \Phi } _ { 2 } ^ { \mathrm { i } }$ and VITEK $^ { 1 8 } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vilro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK 2 Streptococcus Moxifloxacin is a quantitative test. Moxifloxacin has been shown to be active against most isolates of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections

Streptococcus anginosus   
Streptococcus constellatus   
Streptococcus pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant isolates [MDRSP]\*)   
Streptococcus pyogenes

\*MDRSP, Multi-drug resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae includes isolates previously known as PRSP (Penicillin resistant S. pneumoniae), and are isolates resistant to two or more of the following antibiotics: penicillin (MIC) $\geq 2 \ \mathrm { m c g / m L } )$ . 2nd generation cephalosporins (for example, cefuroxime), macrolides, tetracyclines, and trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole.

The following in vitro data are available, but their clinical significance is unknown.

Gram-positive bacteria Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus viridans group

The VITEK ${ \mathfrak { k } } ^ { } 2$ Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to beused with the ${ \mathsf { V I T E K } } ^ { \bar { \boldsymbol { * } } } 2$ Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp., and clinically significant yeast.

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): For prescription use only.

4. Special instrument requirements: For use with the VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { ( } \bar { \mathfrak { k } } \mathfrak { ) } } 2$ and VITEK\* 2 Compact Systems.

# I. Device Description:

The VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { G } } 2$ AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC). Each VITEK ${ \mathfrak { w } } _ { 2 }$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK ${ \bf \ddot { y } } _ { 2 }$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK $^ { ( \tilde { \Psi } ) } 2$ Compact has a manual filling. sealing and loading operation. The VITEK ${ } ^ { \mathfrak { s o } } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle. a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic test contained on the card.

The VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { \tilde { M } } } 2$ AST-ST Moxifloxacin for Streptococcus species has the following concentrations in the card: 0.5. 1, 4 and $8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m } !$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu _ { \mathrm { E } } / \mathsf { m L } )$ . The MIC result range for the VITEK 2 card is $\leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

The MIC ranges, interpretive criteria and equivalent concentrations are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">VITEK* 2 AST-ST</td><td rowspan="2">Equivalent Standard Method Concentration by Efficacy in µg/mL</td><td colspan="3">MIC Ranges and FDA Categories* MIC in μg/mL:</td></tr><tr><td>S</td><td>I</td><td>R</td></tr><tr><td>Moxifloxacin</td><td>0.5, 1, 4, and 8</td><td>≤ 1</td><td>2</td><td>≥4</td></tr></table>

\* S = Susceptible; I $=$ Intermediate; $\mathbb { R } =$ Resistant

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1.Predicate device name(s): VITEK 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime

2. Predicate K number(s): K121863

3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determining quantitativeantimicrobial susceptibility forStreptococcus species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculation and testorganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolated colonies ofStreplococcus species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test are run on both theVITEK 2 and VITEK® 2Compact Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK 2 card format with</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">base broth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitativeantimicrobial susceptibility testto determine the in vilrosusceptibility of Streptococcusspecies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin-specificconcentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefotaxime -specificconcentrations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reading algorithm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unique to Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unique to Cefotaxime</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus,Streptococcus constellatus,Streptococcus pneumoniae (includingmulti-drug resistant isolates[MDRSP]), Streptococcus pyogenes.Streptococcus agalactiae.Streptococcus viridans group.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sireptococcus pneumoniae,Streptococcus pyogenes(Group A beta-hemolyticstreptococci), Streptococcusspp.</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test   
(AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA   
http://www.fda.gov/downloads/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/Guida   
nceDocuments/ucm071462.pdf

Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) M07-A8: "Methods for Dilution Antimicrobial Susceptibility Tests for Bacteria that Grow Aerobically. Approved Standard -8th Edition", January. 2009.

CLSI M100-S21, "Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing - Twenty-first Informational Supplement", January. 2011.

# L. Test Principle:

Automated growth based detection using attenuation of light measured by an optical scanner. The optics used in the VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { w } } 2$ Systems use visible light to directly measure organism growth. Optical readings are based on an initial read of a well before significant growth has begun. Light transmittance sampling at a defined interval of time for the well measures organism growth by how much light is prevented from going through the well. The VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. An interpretive call is made between 4 and 16 hours for a "rapid" read but in some instances may be extended to 18 hours for GN and GP cards, up to 24 hours for some Streptococcus species, or up

36 hours for some yeast species. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic on the card.

The VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2$ AST-ST Moxifloxacin for Streptococcus species has the following concentrations in the card: 0.5. 1, 4, and $8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l }$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { { g } / m l }$ ). The MIC result range for the VITEK ${ \hat { \mathbf { \omega } } } ^ { \hat { \mathbf { \omega } } } 2$ card is $\leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

# M. Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

A reproducibility study was conducted at three external clinical sites. Two isolates of Streptococcus pneumoniae, two isolates of Streptococcus agalactiae, and six isolates of viridans group streptococci (i.e. three Streptococcus sobrinus, one Streptococcus infantarius ssp. coli, and two Strepococcus downei) were tested at each site and testing with the VITEK\* 2 AST-ST Moxifloxacin card was performed in triplicate over three days. resulting in a total of 270 test results. The study included both auto and manual dilution methods for the ${ \tt V I T E K } ^ { \tt A } :$ and manual dilution only for the VITEK ${ \mathfrak { A } } _ { 2 }$ Compact, since the VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { w } } 2$ Compact system does not have functionality to support automatic dilutions to inoculate the cards. For the sake of reproducibility calculations, off-scale values are handled in two ways; "best case" and "worst case" scenarios. Best case calculation for reproducibility assumes the off-scale result is within one well from the mode MIC value. Worst case calculation for reproducibility assuming the off-scale result is greater than one well from the mode MIC value.

The overall reproducibility was $> 9 5 \%$ with $+ / -$ one dilution observation for the VITEK\* 2 and the VITEK ${ \mathfrak { w } } _ { 2 }$ Compact system. Results were as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEKSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculation Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Best Case</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Worst Case</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VITEK* 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK 2 Compact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable   
c. Traceability. Stability. Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

The recommended Sireptococcus pneumoniae QC organism was tested on every test occasion with the reference method and the VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2$ System. The reference method QC results were in range for every day tested. The VITEK ${ \bf \Psi } ^ { ( | \dot { \bf { u } } ) } 2$ was tested a sufficient number of times to demonstrate that the system can produce QC results in the recommended range.

Quality Control was performed during the studies using both the auto and manual methods of diluting the organisms on the VITEK ${ \mathfrak { R } } _ { 2 }$ System. Results demonstrated that both methods were comparable. Quality Control Results with the VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ System for AST-ST Moxifloxacin were as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MoxifloxacinConcentration(μ/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Auto Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Manual Dilution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK * 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK* 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>StreptococcuspneumoniaeATCC 49619AcceptableMIC range:0.06-0.25μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\* VITEK™® 2 Card Result Range $\mathrm { i } \mathbf { s } \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 \mathrm { ~ \mu g / m L }$

Results for .VITEK ${ \mathfrak { R } } ^ { \prime } 2$ AST-ST Moxifloxacin were within the expected QC results range $> 9 5 \%$ of the time for both the automatic and manual dilution options of the $\mathsf { V I T E K } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } 2$ .

A similar QC study was conducted to evaluate the ${ \mathsf { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2$ Compact, a secondary option. at three sites and the results were within the expected QC ranges as shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MoxifloxacinConcentration(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Dilution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK  2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae ATCC 49619Acceptable MIC range:0.06-0.25 μg/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

\* VITEK\*® Card Result Range is ≤ 0.06 - ≥ 4 μg/mL.

Inoculum density control was monitored using the DensiCHEK™" Plus instrument. The DensiCHEK '™" Plus controls were standardized daily with all results recorded and in the expected range.

Detection limit: Not applicable.   
e. Analytical specificity: Not applicable.   
f. Assay cut-off: Not applicable

2. Comparison studies:

The reference method follows the CLSI approved broth microdilution testing conditions.

Medium: Cation-adjusted Mueller-Hinton broth (CAMHB) supplemented with $5 \%$ lysed horse blood Inoculum: Direct colony suspension Incubation: $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ; ambient air; 20-24 hours

a. Method comparison with predicate device:

Performance was established through a clinical study conducted at three external study sites. A total of 951 clinical isolates were tested by the VITEK 2 AST-ST Moxifloxacin card on the ${ \tt V I T E K } ^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2$ System. The majority of the isolates were recovered from clinical specimens. Two hundred twenty-nine of the 951 clinical isolates $( 2 4 . 1 \% )$ were stock isolates. Ten of the isolates failed to grow in the VITEK $\bar { \mathfrak { w } } \overset { \cdot } { 2 }$ card giving a no growth rate of $1 . 1 \%$ (10/951). Therefore, the total number of viable clinical isolates evaluated was 941.

Testing of the clinical isolates was performed using the automated method of inoculation and the challenge organisms were tested with both the manual and automatic dilution methods. Each isolate was tested by ViTEK $^ { \mathfrak { s } } 2$ AST-ST Moxifloxacin and the CLSI broth microdilution reference method. The inoculum was prepared with direct colony suspensions. A comparison was

provided to the reference method with the agreement shown in the following tables.

There is only one set of Moxifloxacin breakpoints $[ \leq 1 \ ( \mathrm { S } ) , 2 \ ( \mathrm { l } ) , \geq 4 \ ( \mathrm { R }$ for Streplococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus spp. in the FDA drug label. The performance data were analyzed using the FDA breakpoints. A summary of the combined clinical and challenge data for the auto dilution method is shown in the table below.

Auto Dilution (VITEK )   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK* 2Auto</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEATot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#vmj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#maj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#min</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLINICAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>878</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>917</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>860</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHALLENGE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>!</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COMBINED(CLINICALANDCHALLENGE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr></table>

EA-Essential Agreement maj-major discrepancies CA-Category Agreement vmj-very major discrepancies #R-number of resistant isolates min-minor discrepancies

Essential agreement (EA) is when the ${ \mathsf { V I } } { \mathsf { T I } } { \mathsf { E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ panels agree with the broth microdilution reference results exactly or within one doubling dilution of the reference method. Category agreement (CA) is when the VITEK $\mathfrak { x } _ { 2 }$ panel result interpretation agrees exactly with the broth microdilution reference panel result interetation. Evalable (Eval EA) is when he MC resut is n-scale or both te VITE ${ \mathfrak { G } } _ { 2 }$ and the reference method and have on-scale EA.

For the combined Streptococcus species and S. pneumoniae. 6 $( 0 . 5 \% )$ minor categorical errors were observed, with a total EA of $9 3 . 5 \%$ evaluable EA of EY $9 4 . 0 \%$ , and a CA of $9 9 . 5 \%$ The clinical study demonstrated a trend, which was one doubling dilution higher when compared to the reference method. Of the 1 100 Streptococci, 9 isolates of the Streptococcus viridans group were resistant with no very major errors. The MDRSP were evaluated in the challenge study. The combined clinical and challenge set included $2 9 5 .$ EPY pneumoniae. $2 5 6 S .$ pyogenes, $2 6 0 S .$ agalactiae and 269 viridans streptococci group, in addition to $1 2 S .$ anginosus and 8 S. constellatus.

The challenge set of 159 isolates was also tested against a manual dilution method on the VITEK ${ } ^ { \mathfrak { s o } } 2$ . A summary of VITEK® 2 manual dilution data is shown in the table below.

Manual Dilution $\begin{array} { r } { ( \mathsf { V I T E K } ^ { \mathfrak { w } } 2 ^ { \cdot } } \end{array}$ - Challenge   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK  2Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEATot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#vmj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#maj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#min</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHALLENGE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

Performance of the ${ \mathsf { V I T E K } } ^ { \tilde { \mathfrak { P } } } 2$ Compact was evaluated as a secondary procedural option. The evaluation was conducted using the same 1 59 challenge isolates that were tested on the VITEK $^ { ( \hat { \alpha } ) } 2$ system. VITEK $^ { ( | \dot { \bf { k } } ) } 2$ Compact comparison testing against the reference method is shown in the table below.

Manual Dilution (VITEK\* 2 Compact) - Challenge   

<table><tr><td>VITEK  2 Compact Manual</td><td>Total</td><td>EA N</td><td>EA %</td><td>Eval EA Tot</td><td>Eval EA N</td><td>Eval EA %</td><td>CA N</td><td>CA %</td><td>#R</td><td># vmj</td><td># maj</td><td># min</td></tr><tr><td>CHALLENGE</td><td>159</td><td>152</td><td>95.6</td><td>158</td><td>151</td><td>95.6</td><td>157</td><td>98.7</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>2</td></tr></table>

The performance of the VITEK " 2 Compact, a secondary option, was evaluated in the reproducibility, QC, and challenge studies with acceptable results.

. Matrix comparison: Not Applicable

3. Clinical Studies:

a.Clinical Sensitivity: Not Applicable

b. Clinical specificity: Not Applicable   
c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not Applicable

4. Clinical cut-off: Not Applicable

5. Expected values/Reference range: Streptococcus species and S. pneumoniae: ≤ 1 (S). 2 (I). ≥ 4 (R)

bioMérieux, Inc.   
c/o Mr. Nathan Hardesty   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood. MO. 63042

Re: k132573 Trade/Device Name: VITEK $^ { \ast } 2$ AST-ST Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 \mu \sf g / m L )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866,1645$ Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: LON Dated: August 13, 2013 Received: August 16. 2013

Dear Mr. Hardesty:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the cnactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmctic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore. market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice, labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class I1 (Special Controls) or class IIl (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 ClR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as sel forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our fabeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97).For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally AHojvat -S

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number : k132573

Device Name: VITEK® 2 AST-ST MoxifloxaCin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 4 | \mu g / m L )$

Indications For Use:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Moxifloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VitEK® 2 Streptococcus Moxifloxacin is a quantitative test. Moxifloxacin has been shown to be active against most isolates of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections   
Streptococcus anginosus   
Streptococcus constellatus   
Streptococcus pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant isolates [MDRSP]\*)   
Streptococcus pyogenes

\*MDRsP, Multi-drug resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae includes isolates previously known as PRSP (Penicllin resistant S. pneumoniae), and are isolates resistant to two or more of the following antibiotics: penicilin (MiC) z2 mcg/mL), 2nd generation cephalosporins (for example, cefuroxime). macrolides, tetracyclines, and trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole.

The following in vitro data are available. but thelr clinlcal significance Is unknown.

Gram-positive bacteria Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus viridans group

The VITEK® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 Systers for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp. and clinically significant yeast.

Prescription Use_ AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpant C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE I  NEEDED)