# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

Kelly R. Sauer   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 351-5884   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email: kelly.sauer@diasorin.com

AUG 2 8 2013

DATE PREPARED:NAME OF DEVICE:

July 17, 2013

Trade Name:

LIAISON® Toxo IgG II LIAISON® Control Toxo IgG II

Common Names/Descriptions:

Toxoplasma gondii IgG assay and Toxoplasma gondii IgG controls

Classification Names:

Toxoplasma gondii serological reagents: Class II, 21 CFR: 866.3780; Microbiology (83)

Single (Specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed): Class I, reserved 21 CFR 862.1660; Clinical Chemistry (75)

Product Code:

LGD JJX

PREDICATE DEVICES :

Diamedix Is-Toxoplasma IgG ELISA Reference K981498 (assay) DiaSorin LIAISON® Control Rubella IgM (K122397)

DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

# INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® Toxo IgG II assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAiSON® xL Analyzer for the qualitative determination of specific IgG antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii in human serum. The results of this assay can be used as an aid in the assessment of the patient's serological status to infection with Toxoplasma gondii and in the determination of immune status of individuals including pregnant women

This assay has not been cleared/approved by the FDA for blood/plasma donor screening.

U.S. Federal Law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, neonatal specimens, or infants.

The LIAISON® Control Toxo IgG Il (negative and positive) is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LiAiSON® Toxo IgG Il assay on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

# KIT DESCRIPTION:

The method for qualitative determination of IgG antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii (antiToxo IgG) is an indirect chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA). The principal components of the test are magnetic particles (solid phase) coated with Toxoplasma gondii and a conjugate of mouse monoclonal antibodies to human IgG linked to an isoluminol derivative (isoluminol-antibody conjugate). During the first incubation, Toxoplasma gondii antibodies present in diluted calibrators, samples or controls bind to the solid phase. During the second incubation, the monoclonal antibody conjugate reacts with anti-Toxo IgG that is already bound to the solid phase. After each incubation, unbound material is removed with a wash cycle. Subsequently, the starter reagents are added and a flash chemiluminescence reaction is thus induced. The light signal, and therefore, the amount of isoluminol-antibody conjugate, is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is indicative of the presence of anti-Toxc IgG in calibrators, samples or controls.

All aay steps and incbations ae performed by he LAISON® LAnaly.

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE:

The DiaSorin LIAISON Toxo IgG I assay is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Diamedix Is-Toxoplasma IgG ELISA (K981498) which was FDA cleared August 21, 1998. The DiaSorin LIAISON Control Toxo IgG Il is substantially equivalent in principle to the DiaSorin LIAISON Control Rubella IgM (K122397) which was FDA cleared September 6, 2012.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1: Table of Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® Toxo IgG II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDiamedix Is-Toxoplasma IgGELISA (K981498)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LIAiSON® Toxo IgG II assayuses chemiluminescentimmunoassay_(CLIA) technology onthe LIAISON® XL Analyzer for thequalitative determination of specificIgG antibodies to Toxoplasmagondii in human serum. The resultsof this assay can be used as an aidin the assessment of the patient'sserological status to infection withToxoplasma gondii and in thedetermination of immune status ofindividuals including pregnantwomen.This assay has not beencleared/approved by the FDA forblood/plasma donor screening. U.S.Federal Law restricts this device tosale by or on the order of a licensedpractitioner. Assay performancecharacteristics have not beenestablished forimmunocompromised orimmunosuppressed patients, cordblood, neonatal specimens, orinfants.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Diamedix Is-Toxoplasma IgGTest Kit is an enzyme-linkedimmunoassay (ELiSA) for thequalitative and quantitativedetection of IgG to Toxoplasmagondii in human serum. Theresults of the assay can be used asan aid in the assessment of thepatient's immunological responseto infection with T. gondii and in thedetermination of immune status ofindividuals, including females ofchild-bearing age. The evaluationof paired sera can aid in thediagnosis of primary or reactivatedinfection. This product is not FDAcleared for use in screening bloodand plasma donors.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredAnalute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgG antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board or in refrigerator @ 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In refrigerator @ 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included with kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels (negative and positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 2 : Table of Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® Toxo IgG II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDiamedix Is-Toxoplasma IgGELISA (K981498)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationStandarization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E6 (National Health Laboratory,France, 1987) standardized againstWHO 2nd International Standard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WHO 3'd International Standard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calculation ofResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative or Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two point verification of stored mastercurve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single point Cut-Off Calibrator(Qualitative)Three point - 3 Standards</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Index Value (Qualitative)IU/mL (Quantitative)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-Off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 8.8 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10 Index Value (Qualitative)50.0 IU/mL (Quantitative)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivocal Zone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 7.2 - &lt; 8.8 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.90 - 1.09 Index Value</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum of 2 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Handling/Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual or Automated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided Separately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included with kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal to human IgGlinked to isoluminol derivative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat anti-human IgG labeledwith horseradish peroxidase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photomultiplier (flashchemiluminescence reader)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometer (EIAmicrotiter plate reader)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 3: Summary of Similarities and Differences LIAlSON Control Toxo IgG Il</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® ControlToxo IgG II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® ControlRubella IgM (K122397)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LIAiSON® Control Toxo IgG IIis intended for use as assayedquality control samples to monitorthe performance of the LIAISON®Toxo IgG Il assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LIAISON® Control Rubella IgMis intended for use as assayedquality control samples to monitorthe performance of the LIAISON®Rubella IgM assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8° C until ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels: negative and positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 weeks stored at 2-8° C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid human serum ordefibrinated plasma provided invials0.2% ProClin® 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE DATA: COMPARATIVE CLINICAL STUDIES:

Prospective and retrospective studies were performed to evaluate the performance of the LIAISON® Toxo IgG II assay among individuals who were sent to the lab for Toxoplasma gondii testing, pregnant women (prospective) and on frozen or repository samples from individuals with a positive Toxoplasma gondii IgG result by the comparator assay (retrospective).

# A. Prospective:

The prospective populations consist of non-selected subjects sent to the laboratory for Toxoplasma gondii IgG testing (US and European subjects) and pregnant women.

The prospective US population consisting of 204 individuals were $9 6 . 1 \%$ Female $( n = 1 9 6 )$ and $3 . 9 \%$ Male $( n = 8 )$ ranging in age from 18 years to 42 years. There were 147 samples from patients where the age was unknown.

The prospective European population consisted of 600 individuals. Age and gender for these samples are unknown.

The prospective population of pregnant women consists of 202 females with ages ranging from 14 years to 44 years. There were 71 samples from subjects in the 1st trimester, 50 samples form subjects in the second trimester and 81 samples from subjects in the $3 ^ { r d }$ trimester of pregnancy.

Toxoplasma IgG Prospective US Population Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Percent Agreement</td><td>Exact 95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>183/183</td><td>100.0%</td><td>98.0 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>21/21</td><td>100.0%</td><td>84.5 - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

Toxoplasma IgG Prospective European Population Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Percent Agreement</td><td>Exact 95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>252/267</td><td>94.3 %</td><td>90.9 - 96.6%</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>329/333</td><td>98.8 %</td><td>96.6 - 99.5%</td></tr></table>

Toxoplasma IgG Pregnant Population Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Percent Agreement</td><td>Exact 95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>188/188</td><td>100.0 %</td><td>98.0 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>12/14</td><td>85.7 %</td><td>60.1 - 96.0%</td></tr></table>

# B. Retrospective/PreSelected Population:

The retrospective population was defined as pre-selected samples from individuals who had a positive Toxoplasma gondii IgG result by the comparator assay. Forty two (42) samples were included in this study. The 42 individuals from the retrospective population were $9 5 . 2 \%$ females $( n = 4 0 )$ and $4 . 8 \%$ males $( n = 2 )$ ranging in age from 0 to 47 years.

Toxoplasma IgG Retrospective Population   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Percent Agreement</td><td>Exact 95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>42/42</td><td>100.0 %</td><td>91.8 - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

The results demonstrate that the LIAlSON® Toxo IgG II assay can be used with the LIAISON® XL Analyzer for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii.

# C. CDC Panel Study:

The CDC Toxoplasma 1998 Human Serum Panel is comprised of 100 frozen blind specimens (70 Toxoplasma IgG true positive samples and 30 Toxoplasma IgG true negative samples .The panel was tested by LIAISON® Toxo IgG II assay at.

The results were submitted to the CDC (Reference Immunodiagnostic Lab, Biology and Diagnostic Branch Division of Parasitic Diseases) for data analysis. As communicated by the CDC, the LIAISON® Toxo IgG II assay correctly detected the 70 Tooplasa IgG true positive samples ( $100 \%$ Sensitivity) and the 30 Toxoplasma IgG true negative samples( $100 \%$ Specificity).

# D. Prevalence:

The observed prevalence of the LIAISON® Toxo IgG I assay was calculated for the prospective populations consisting of the 804 samples from patients sent to the lab for Toxoplasma gondii testing and 202 pregnant women.

The prevalence may vary depending upon geographical location, age, gender, type of test employed, specimen collection and handling procedures as well as clinical history of the patient.

The observed prevalence of LIAlSON® Toxo IgG Il assay for the US population is $1 0 . 3 \%$ , the European population had a prevalence of $5 7 . 0 \%$ and pregnant women a prevalence of $5 . 9 \%$ .

# PRECISION/REPRODUCIBILITY:

# 20 Day Study

Assay precision was evaluated according to CLSI EP5-A2. Six serum samples containing concentrations of analyte prepared to span the range of the assay and the LIAISON® Control Toxo IgG I(positive and negative) were assayed in duplicate in two runs per day over 20 operating days.

The following repeatability results were obtained from the samples tested internally at DiaSorin Inc. in one kit lot.

Repeatability   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegControl*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.36*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.13*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155.58*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4%*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PosControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.151.7*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.72*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262.18*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306.8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.8%*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td></tr></table>

eo  y a based on signal (RLU) for the two samples.

The following reproducibility results were obtained from the same six samples and the Cox D     uplia n  ns  y o days.

Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean1U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegControl*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.82*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208.12*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.20*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.2%*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PosControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136.38*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.22*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215.71*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375.14*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>603.16*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.4%*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2%</td></tr></table>

cnU woeneasyrcts ba signal (RLU) for the two samples.

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision. The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21CFR 809.10.

DiaSorin Inc.   
C/O Kelly Saucr, Regulatory Affairs Specialist 1951 Northwestern Avenuc   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285

Rc: K132234 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON Toxo IgG II, LIAISON Control Toxo IgG II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3780 Regulation Name: Toxoplasma gondii, Serological Reagent Regulatory Class: Class I1 Product Code: LGD Dated: July 11. 2013 Reecived: July 18. 2013

Dear Ms. Sauer:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 ( \mathbb { Y } ( \mathbb { k } )$ premarkct notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the cnactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warrantics. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class I (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial cquivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencics. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, ineluding, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set

fh in the qualy ssts (QS) reulatn (21 CFR Par 820); an i appliable, the ee product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/RcsourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please notc the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htum for thc CDRH's Officc of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/RcsourcesforYou/Industry/dcfault.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Se., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number:

K132234

Device Name:

LIAISON® TOoxO IgG II LIAISON® ControI Toxo IgG II

Indications For Use:

The LIAISON® Toxo IgG II assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer for the qualitative determination of specific IgG antibodies to Toxoplasma gondii in human serum. The results of this assay can be used as an aid in the assessment of the patient's serological status to infection with Toxoplasma gondii and in the determination of immune status of individuals including pregnant women. This assay has not been cleared/approved by the FDA for blood/plasma donor screening. U.S. Federal Law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, neonatal specimens, or infants.

The LIAISON® Control Toxo IgG II (negative and positive) is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® Toxo IgG II assay on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)