Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. Prodesse® ProParaflu ${ \mathfrak { G } } _ { + }$ Assay Special 510(k) Submission

# . 510(k) SUMMARY

# CONTACT

Emily Ziegler   
Scientist I   
Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. 20925 Crossroads Circle Waukesha, WI 53186

# AUG 2 6 2013

# NAME OF DEVICE

Trade Name: Regulation Number: Product Code: Classification Name:

Prodesse® ProParaflu®+ Assay   
21 CFR 866.3980   
00U, 001   
Nucleic acid amplification assay for detection and differentiation   
of Parainfluenza 1, Parainfluenza 2, and Parainfluenza 3

PREDICATE DEVICE K091053, ProParaflu $^ { \mathrm { T M } } +$ Assay

# INTENDED USE

The Prodesse® ProParaflu ${ \mathfrak { G } } _ { + }$ Assay is a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and discrimination of Parainfluenza 1 Virus, Parainfluenza 2 Virus and Parainfluenza 3 Virus (HPIV-1, HPIV-2 and HPIV-3) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infections. This Assay targets the conserved regions of the Hemagglutinin-Neuraminidase (HN) gene of HPIV-1, HPIV-2 and HPIV-3, respectively. The detection and discrimination of HPIV-1, HPIV-2 and HPIV-3 nucleic acids from symptomatic patients aid in the diagnosis of human respiratory tract parainfluenza infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. This test is not intended to detect Parainfluenza 4a or Parainfluenza 4b Viruses.

Negative test results are presumptive and should be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude Parainfluenza 1, 2 or 3 virus infections and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions.

# PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

The ProParaflu+ Assay enables detection and differentiation of Parainfluenza 1 Virus, Parainfluenza 2 Virus, Parainfluenza 3 Virus and internal control nucleic acid. Nasopharyngeal swab specimens are collected from patients with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection using a polyester, rayon or nylon tipped swab and placed into viral transport medium.

A Universal Internal Control (UIC) is added to each sample prior to nucleic acid isolation to monitor for inhibitors present in the specimens. The isolation and purification of the nucleic acids is performed using either a MagNA Pure LC Instrument (Roche) and the MagNA Pure Tl Nucec cid I i Ro  Nuci® syMAG SystM

Confidential to Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc.

and the Automated Magnetic Extraction Reagents (bioMérieux).

The purified nucleic acids are added to ProParaflu $+$ Supermix along with enzymes included in the ProParaflu+ Assay Kit. The ProParaflu+ Supermix contains oligonucleotide primers and target-specific oligonucleotide probes. The primers are complementary to highly conserved regions of genetic sequences for these respiratory viruses. The probes are dual-labeled with a reporter dye attached to the $_ 5 \cdot$ -end and a quencher dye attached to the $_ { 3 } ,$ -end (see table below).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gene Targeted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbsorbancePeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EmissionPeak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentChannel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 1 Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemagglutininneuraminidase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 3 Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemagglutininneuraminidase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL FluorOrange 560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TET</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 2 Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemagglutininneuraminidase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL Fluor Red610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>615 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Texas Red</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Universal InternalControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quasar 670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>647 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniversalInternalControl</td></tr></table>

Reverse transcription of the RNA in the sample into complementary DNA (cDNA) and subsequent amplification of DNA is performed in a Cepheid SmartCycler® II instrument. In this process, the probe anneals specifically to the template followed by primer extension and amplification. The ProParaflu+ Assay is based on Taqman chemistry, which utilizes the $5 ' - 3 '$ EY exonuclease activity of the Taq polymerase to cleave the probe thus separating the reporter dye from the quencher. This generates an increase in fluorescent signal upon excitation from a light source. With each cycle, additional reporter dye molecules are cleaved from their respective probes, further increasing fluorescent signal. The amount of fluorescence at any given cycle is dependent on the amount of amplification products present at that time. Fluorescent intensity is monitored during each PCR cycle by the SmartCycler II instrument.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

The modified ProParaflu+ Assay differs from the current kit in the following ways:

Ouutel onouan; Universal Internal Control, consisting of an RNA in vitro transcript and a DNA plasmid, incorporated into the kit; The 1:10 dilution step of the positive control performed by customers has been removed;

The labeling was updated accordingly to incorporate the modifications listed above.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

1.The Intended Use and Warnings or Precautions of the modified device as described in the labeling have not changed.   
The modfiatins detail in the table below have not had ay effect  cuse any cange to the fundamental scientific technology of the device.

<table><tr><td>Modification</td><td>Potential In Modification</td><td>Verification</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential Impact of Modification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verification/Validation Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Outsourcing of internal controlleading to minor changes insequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Modification of the internal controlmay affect the ability of the device todetect the target organisms.Additionally, it may change theclinical performance of theProParaflu+ Assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The UIC did not affect the ability of theProParaflu+ Assay to detect targetorganisms at the limit of detection asevinced by the results of AnalyticalSensitivity, IC Interference, ExtractorEquivalency, and Sample Stabilitystudies. Additionally, the results of aretrospective clinical comparison studydemonstrated the modified ProParaflu+Assay with UIC continues to meet theperformance claims for the currentProParaflu+ Assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incorporation of a UniversalInternal Control, containing bothRNA and DNA internal controlsequences.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive control provided "at use"concentration, no dilution isnecessary.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changes in the testing concentrationmay affect the performance of thepositive control in terms of stabilityor ability to detect global assayfailures.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Positive Control Effectiveness Studydemonstrated the positive control'scontinued ability to monitor for globalassay failures at the increased testingconcentration.</td></tr></table>

3. Verification and validation studies performed demonstrated that all clinical and analytical performance/functionality remains unchanged from the previous device.

4.The appropriate Design Control activities were performed;

a. A Risk Analysis was performed and did not raise any new concerns of safety and efficacy associated with the modifications. b. A declaration of conformity with design controls has been submitted.

The modified ProParaflu $^ +$ Assay is substantially equivalent to the current legally marketed device, ProParaflu+ Assay.

Emily Ziegler   
Scientist I   
Gen-Probe Prodesse. Inc. 20925 Crossroads Circle Waukesha, W1 53186

Re: K132238 Trade/Device Name: Prodesse" ProParaflu\*+ Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Virus Pancl Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OOU. 00I Dated: July 16. 2013 Received: July 30. 2013

Dear Ms. Ziegler:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have deternined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the cnactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH docs not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class  (Special Controls) or class I (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set

for in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally A. Hojvat -S

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Gen-Probe Prodesse, Inc. Prodesse® ProParaflu $a _ { + }$ Assay Special 510(k) Submission

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K132238

Device Name: Prodesse® ProParaflu Assay

Indication for Use:

The Prodesse® ProParaflu+ Assay is a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and discrimination of Parainfluenza 1 Virus, Parainfluenza 2 Virus and Parainfluenza 3 Virus (HPIV-1, HPIV-2 and HPIV-3) nucleic acids isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infections. This Assay targets the conserved regions of the Hemagglutinin-Neuraminidase $( \mathsf { H N } )$ gene of HPIV. 1, HPIV-2 and HPIV-3, respectively. The detection and discrimination of HPIV-1, HPIV-2 and HPIV-3 nucleic acids from symptomatic patients aid in the diagnosis of human respiratory tract parainfluenza infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. This test is not intended to detect Parainfluenza 4a or Parainfluenza 4b Viruses.

Negative test results are presumptive and should be confirmed by cell culture. Negative results do not preclude Parainfluenza 1, 2 or 3 virus infections and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions.

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or