# K132468

# 510(k) Summary

# MRSA/SA ELITe MBG

August 5, 2013

OCT 1 7 2013

2. Submitter:

Epoch Biosciences $2 1 7 2 0 2 3 ^ { n }$ Dr SE, Suite 150 Bothell, WA 98021 USA

3. Contact Person:

Debra K. Hutson   
Director, QA/RA, North America   
21720 $2 3 ^ { n d }$ Dr SE, Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021   
Phone: 425-482-5174   
Fax: 425-482-5550   
Email: d.hutson@elitechgroup.com

4. Device Name: Device Class: Product Code: Regulation name: Panel: Regulation Number:

MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®   
Class l   
NQX   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder   
83 Microbiology   
21 CFR 866.1640

5. Predicate Device:

k112937 Epoch Biosciences MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®

6. Intended Use

MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) using DNA purified from nasal swabs. MRSAVSA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. It is not intended to diagnose, guide or monitor MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to oxacillin/methicillin. A negative result does not preclude MRSA/SA (Staphylococcus aureus) nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for epidemiological typing or for further susceptibility testing.

Special conditions for use statement(s): Prescription Use Only.

# Device Description

MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ is a real-time, multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay for the in vitro qualitative detection of MRSA and SA DNA extracted from human nasal swab samples. In this system, sample preparation and amplification/real-time detection are completed on separate instruments. Sample processing is completed on the bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG® instrument with bioMérieux NucliSENS Nucleic Acid Extraction Reagents according to the manufacturer's instructions. Following processing, the extracted sample is placed in the well of a 96 well plate to which "monoreagent" is added. The monoreagent contains the primers and probes for the genes of interest and the internal control combined with master mix. The assay is performed on an Applied Biosystems 7500 FAST Dx System that consists of the 7500 FAST Dx instrument, a personal computer, 96-well plates and seals. The total system run time is 150 minutes consisting of 60 minutes for sample processing and about 90 minutes for the real time amplification and detection steps. The instrument never comes into contact with any fluids within the 96-well plate. Each disposable plate is intended to test up to 96 samples, controls or any mixture thereof. The 96-well plates are not re-usable and are specific to the system. The kit contains enough reagents for 100 reactions. One positive and one negative control are required for each PCR run; a Negative Processing Control and a Positive Processing Control are recommended to be run in each extraction run.' The design of the assay includes systems to identify both the gene responsible for methicillin resistance and for a conserved portion of a gene unique to S. aureus. Thus, for a true "MRSA," both targets will be identified in roughly equal proportions. Results are determined by using an algorithm that compares output, Cq, from the cycler (called Ct in the output from the cycler.) The algorithm is implemented for automatic results determination by analyzing the output Cq with ELITe MGB® software.

8.

# Substantial Equivalence Information - Assay (reagent)

Predicate Device Name Epoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®   
2. k112937   
Comparison with predicate

# Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test SystemEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITeMGB® using ELITe MGB® Software fordata analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®k112937</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® is a qualitativein vitro diagnostic test for the directdetection of Staphylococcus aureus(SA) and methicillin-resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) usingDNA purified from nasal swabs.MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® is intended toaid in the prevention and control ofMRSA infections in healthcaresettings. It is not intended to diagnose,guide or monitor MRSA infections, orprovide results of susceptibility to</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter .</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test SystemEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITeMGB® using ELITe MGB® Software for.          data analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®k112937</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">oxacillin/methicillin. A negative resultdoes not preclude MRSA/SA(Staphylococcus aureus) nasalcolonization. Concomitant cultures arenecessary to recover organisms forepidemiological typing or for furthersusceptibility testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode ofidentification ofS. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presence of conserved region in aStaphylococcus aureus-specific gene.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode ofdetection formethicillinresistance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presence of the mecA gene which isresponsible for resistance tomethicillin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) assay using 3 forwardprimer, 3 reverseprimers, and 3 fluorescent-labeledprobes for the amplification anddetection of Staphylococcus aureus(SA) and methicillin resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) DNA.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® PCR MIXTfi PCR Master Mix&lt;0.01% MRSA/SA primers&lt;0.01% Internal Control primers&lt;0.01% MRSA/SA Fluorescent-labeled oligonucleotide probes&lt;0.01% Internal Control Fluorescent-labeled oligonucleotide probe&lt;0.01% Fluorescent PassiveReference dT(8)-AP593MRSA/SA Internal ControlTris buffer&lt;0.01% EDTA0.01% total yeast RNA&lt;0.001% Non-infectious plasmid DNA(recombinant) containing InternalControl sequencesMRSA/SA Positive ControlTris buffer&lt;0.01% EDTA0.01% total yeast RNA&lt;0.001% Non-infectious plasmid DNA(microbial) containing MRSAsequences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test SystemEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITeMGB® using ELITe MGB® Software fordata analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®k112937</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct from nasal swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage &amp;Expiry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stored in -20 C freezer. The deviceis stable until the expiry date stated onthe label.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABI 7500 Fast Dx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive PCR control (Plasmid DNA(microbial) containing MRSAsequences)Internal Control (Plasmid DNA(recombinant) containing InternalControl sequences)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test SystemEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITeMGB® using ELITe MGB® Softwarefor data analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceEpoch Bioscience MRSA/SA ELITeMGB® k112937</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultsinterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automates the algorithm described inthe labeling such that raw data fromthe Applied Biosytems 7500 FASTDx instrument is calculated and thetest result determined and printed ona report.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses an algorithm described in thelabeling to determine test validity withrespect to controls and then todetermine the test result.</td></tr></table>

# 9. Standard/Guidance Document Reference

FDA Draft Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff Establishing the Performance Characteristics of Nucleic Acid-Based In vitro Diagnostic Devices for the Detection and Differentiation of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Staphylococcus aureus (SA), Issued January 5, 2011.   
FDA Guidance for Industry, FDA Reviewers and Compliance on Off-the-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices, Issued September 9, 1999.   
Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices, Document issued on: May 11, 2005.

Test Princlple:

The test principle has not changed from that reviewed in k112937.

11. Instrumentation/Software:

# a. Off the Shelf Software

The controls with respect to Off-the-Shelf software have not changed from those reviewed in k112937.

The system is performed with FDA-cleared devices, bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG® extraction system and the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx PCR Instrument. ELITechGroup Epoch Biosciences has a relationship with each on the manufacturers of these devices via service contracts such that Epoch will become aware, in the same time, as other users of the system, of changes to the device(s) or of the software used by the device(s). Internal quality assurance procedures are in place to verify the continued acceptable performance of the test device. Please, note, however, that the evaluation algorithm and the use of controls as indicated in the labeling, Internal Control and Positive Control, Negative Specimen Processing Control and Positive Specimen Processing Control, should identify for users any issues created by instrument or software changes.

# b. Software to be used with this device

ELITech has developed a product, ELITe MGB® Software, fully in compliance with Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices, Document issued on: May 11, 2005. Information that substantiates this compliance are described. The software has a Moderate Level of Concern. The development of the software is in compliance with the requirements of the Guidance. The performance of the software has been validated.

11. Performance Characteristics - Analytical Performance

a.Analytical Sensitivity

No further studies were performed since k112937. The change to automate the calling algorithm using ELITe MGB® software will not affect this performance.

# Analytical Reactivity

No further studies were performed since k112937. The change to automate the calling algorithm using ELITe MGB® software wil not affect this performance.

# c. Detection limit

No further studies were performed since k112937.The change to automate the calling algorithm using ELITe MGB® software will not affect this performance.

# d. Reproducibility

No further studies were performed since k11937.The change to automate the calling algorithm using ELITe MGB® software will not affect this performance.

# e. Carry-Over / Cross-Contamination

No further studies were performed since k112937. The change to automate the calling algorithm using ELITe MGB® software wil not affect this performance.

# 12. Performance Characteristics -

# a.Correlation wIth MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® manual calling algorithm

In accordance with guidance received from FDA in Q120176, the original data from k112937 was recalculated using ELITe MGB software.

Results of MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® using the ELITe MGB® Software exhibit $100 \%$ EMPY concordance with results of MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® using the manual calling algorithm found in the labeling for MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®.

b. Clinical Studies:

No further studies were performed since k112937. The change to automate the calling algorithm using ELITe MGB® software will not affect this performance.

c. Clinical Cut-off:

Not applicable

13. Conclusion

The information on the principle and performance of the test device contained in this premarket notification is complete and supports a decision that the test device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Elitechgroup Epoch Biosciences Debra K. Hutson Director, QA/RA, North America 21720 23rd Dr SE, Suite 150 Bothell, WA 98021 US

Re: k132468 Trade/Device Name: MRSA/SA ELITe MGB" Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: II Product Codes: NQX, NSU, JJH Dated: August 5, 2013 Received: August 7, 2013

Dear Debra Hutson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Pan 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Sally A. Hojvat, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k132468

Device Name: MRSA/SA ELITe MGB®

Indications For Use:

MRSA/SA ELITe $M G B ^ { \otimes }$ is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) using DNA purified from nasal swabs. MRSA/SA ELITe MGB® is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. It is not intended to diagnose, guide or monitor MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to oxacillin/methicillin. A negative result does not preclude MRSA/SA (Staphylococcus aureus) nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for epidemiological typing or for further susceptibility testing.

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

# Ribhi Shawa 2013.101551224-04'00'