# 510(k) Summary

# ICEPlex C. difficile Kit on the ICEPlex System

A. 510(K) NUMBER: K132726

Date Prepared: November 29, 2013

B. SUBMITTED BY (APPLICANT):

# PrimeraDx

171 Forbes Blvd., Suite 1000 Mansfield, MA 02048

NOV 2 9 2013

# Contact Person

Fayyaz Memon   
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance   
Tel: 301-221-0245   
Fax: 508-339-0452   
Email: fmemon@primeradx.com

C. PURPOSE OF SUBMISSION

Substantial equivalence determination of ICEPlex C. difficile Assay Kit on the ICEPlex® Sysemor qualitativ on $C .$ difficil oxin B gene (cdB ene) in a human stool specimen in patients suspected of having C.difficileinfection Dl).

D. MEASURAND

Clostridium difficile toxin B gene (tcdB)

# E. Type Of Test:

Qualitative Nucleic Acid Amplification Test for C. difficile toxin B gene from liquid or soft tool specimen.

# F. Proprietary and Established Names (Trade Names)

Assay: ICEPlex C. difficile Assay

System: ICEPlex® System

G. Regulatory InforMation

aRegulatory Section: 21 CFR 866.3130 - C. difficile Nucleic Acid Amplification Test Assay

. Classification: Class II

c.Product Code OZN, NSU

# d. Panel

Microbiology (83)

# H. InTENdEd UsE

# a. Intended Use

The PrimeraDx ICEPlex® C. difficile Assay is for the qualitative detection of the Clostridium difficile toxin B gene (tcdB gene) in nucleic acids purified from unpreserved liquid or soft human stool specimens from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDI).

The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay is intended to be used only on the ICEPlex® System, which integrates PCR-based amplification with capillary electrophoresis (CE) for the detection of amplification products. The assay is intended to aid in the diagnosis of CDI. Results should be considered in conjunction with patient clinical history.

Indication(s) for use

Same as Intended Use

c.Special Conditions for use statement(s) For prescription use only Special Instrument Requirement ICEPlex® System

# I.Device Description

PrimeraDx's ICEPlex C. difficile Assay kit is intended to be used only on the ICEPlex System. The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay kit incorporates several universal features and approaches developed at PrimeraDx for the ICEPlex System. The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay kit includes a PCR enzyme and the appropriate PCR buffer system developed, optimized, verified and validated for ideal performance in multiplex PCR with subsequent capillary electrophoresis. The ICEPlex C. difficile assay kit includes a primer mix for detection of the Clostridium difficile toxin B gene (tcdB gene) in human stool specimen from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDI). The ICEPlex C. difficile assay kit is comprised of a PCR enzyme, primer mix, PCR buffer, calibrators mix, injection buffer, internal control, and a positive control.

ICEPlex C. difficile Assay kit components   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2># of vials and volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials, 1.5ml/vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x PCR BufferP/N: 560-1001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 45μl/vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR EnzymeP/N: 560-1002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 220μl/vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25x Primer MixP/N: 560-1003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 220 μl/vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25x Calibrators MixP/N: 560-1004</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 100μl/vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive ControlP/N: 560-1005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 vials, 1.5 ml/vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x Injection BufferP/N: 560-1006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 1.0 ml/vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal ControlP/N: 560-1007</td></tr></table>

The ICEPlex System combines two functional modules: an amplification module - PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) thermal cycler  and an analysis module CE (Capillary Electrophoresis) system with fluorescent detection. Individual fluorescent PCR products from multiplexed PCR reactions are analyzed by CE through direct electrokinetic injection into the separating capillaries. The labeled amplicons are separated by size and the dyes are excited by two lasers within the system.

# ICEPlex System Features

Bench top instrument with PCR thermal cycler and integrated Capillary Electrophoresis (CE) system Two solid state lasers enabling fluorescent detection of dye-labeled PCR amplification products   
• On-board reagents with liquid level sensing   
• Touch screen software for easy, step-by-step processing of samples   
o Ability to run multiple assays in the same plate   
• Automated data analysis and result reporting   
• Simultaneous detection and quantification of multiple DNA targets in the same reaction well.

# J. SUBsTantIaL EQuivAleNce COMparisON

a. PRedicate Device Name BD Max C. diff Assay

PRediCatE DeviCe 510(K) NumbeR K130470

Comparison with Predicate Devices Showing Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrimeraDx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PrimeraDx ICEPlex® C.difficile Assay is for thequalitative detection of theClostridium difficile toxin Bgene (tcdB gene) in nucleicacids purified from unpreservedliquid or soft human stoolspecimens from patientssuspected of having C. difficileinfection (CDI). The ICEPlexC. difficile Assay is intended tobe used only on the ICEPlex®System, which integrates PCR-based amplification withcapillary electrophoresis (CE)for the detection ofamplification products. Theassay is intended to aid in thediagnosis of CDI. Resultsshould be considered inconjunction with patient clinicalhistory.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD MAX C. diff Assayperformed on the BD MAXSystem is an automated in vitrodiagnostic test for the direct,qualitative detection of theClostridium difficile toxin Bgene (tcdB) in human liquid orsoft stool specimens frompatients suspected of having C.difficile infection (CDI).The test, performed directly onthe specimen, utilizes real-timepolymerase chain reaction(PCR) for the amplification ofC. difficile toxin B gene DNAand fluorogenic target-specifichybridization probes for thedetection of the amplified DNA.The BD MAX C. diff Assay isintended to aid in the diagnosisof CDI. (Similar)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficiletoxin B gene (icdB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unformed (liquid orsoft stool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA: real time PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Comparison with Predicate Devices Showing Difference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrimeraDx (ICEPlex)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ICEPlex System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Max System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection/Probes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assays use real time PCRamplification with CapillaryElectrophoresis and directlaser-induced fluorescentdetection of target-specificlabeled primers in opticalchannels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay use PCR andamplified DNA targets are detectedusing hydrolysis (TaqMan) probes.Probes labeled flourophores areusedto detect tcdB. Emitted fluorescentismeasured in optical channels.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleExtraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux NucliSENSeasyMAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestCartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposable single-usePCR plate and micro titerplate, and ICEPlex Cartridgewith 48Capillaries.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposable tray with reagents,microfluidics PCR chamber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction, PCRamplification, capillaryelectrophoresis, size- basedtarget detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction, PCRamplification, in- sampleoptical detection based onhydrolysis probes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time toresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Four hours for 48samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Under 3 hours for 24 samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Control,Internal control. PCR Positivecontrol provided. Negativecontrol and Positive/ExtractionControl provided by user</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample processing control. User-provided Positive and negativecontrols are recommended</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Invalid, with error code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unresolved - specimenfailure</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate - systemfailure with error code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incomplete Run - witherror code</td></tr></table>

# . TEST PRINCIPLE

The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay on the ICEPlex System is a molecular diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of toxigenic C. difficile nucleic acids isolated and purified from liquid or soft stool specimens obtained from symptomatic patients. This test targets the C. difficile toxin B encoding gene (icdB). The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay has been developed for use on the PrimeraDx ICEPlex System.

This instrument platform integrates PCR-based amplification with capillary electrophoresis (CE) based detection of amplification products. Oligonucleotide primers are designed to produce PCR products with unique CE mobility; enabling simultaneous measurement of multiple targets and controls in a single reaction. Each individual test includes three target sites of the tcdB gene (not reported separately), an Internal Control) and Calibrators. Calibrators of three sizes are used for aligning and assigning CE peaks, a procedure unique to the ICEPlex System. The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay is PCR based and is performed on nucleic acids purified from human stool sample. The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay is intended to be used only on the ICEPlex System.

To perform the test, liquid or soft stool is collected in a standard sterile container that can be sealed. Sample could be stored at $2 { \cdot } 8 \mathrm { \dot { C } }$ for up to 48 hours prior to testing or frozen at $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } C$ or below if not processed within 48 hours. Sample extraction is performed using bioMérieux NucliSENS easyMAG™M System as per the ICEPlex C. difficile Assay instruction for use. PCR reagent master mix is prepared using a Primers mix, PCR enzyme, PCR buffer and calibrators. In a designated well of PCR plate, $4 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of ICEPlex C. difficile Master Mix is aliquoted and $1 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of extracted sample is added. Negative and positive controls are added in designated wells of the PCR plate. After the PCR plate is prepared, it is placed in the ICEPlex System to execute an instrument run for the detection of the Clostridium difficile toxin B gene (tcdB gene)per the user manual.

# Assay Controls:

Controls provided with the ICEPlex C. difficile assay kit include:

Internal Control  Non-target nucleic acid that is co-extracted and coamplified with the tcdB target. It controls for nucleic acid extraction efficiency, for the integrity of the reagents and for the presence of PCR inhibitors in a given sample. The Internal Control needs to be spiked into each sample before extraction.

Calibration Control - A group of ICEPlex specific elements used to align electropherograms and assign identities of the target peaks. It also controls for the integrity of the kit reagents .

Positive Control - Non-infectious and non-contagious double stranded DNA containing fragment of the C. difficile tcdB gene.

Controls not provided with the ICEPlex C. difficile assay kit but required include:

Negative Control  Substitute S.T.A.R. buffer for the clinical specimen and process normally through the extraction system and on the ICEPlex Instrument.

Known Positive Sample - It is also required to include previously characterized positive sample or simulated sample with every easyMAG extraction run and include it in the subsequent ICEPlex Instrument run to verify successful lysis.

# L. PeRforMance CHaractERistiCs

a. ANALYTICAL PERFORMaNCE

# Precision

The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay Precision Study was performed on a panel of samples prepared by spiking an appropriate amount of C. difficile culture isolate from ATCC strain BAA-1805 into a pooled clinical negative stool matrix. The panel members included:

• Low positive • Moderately positive • Negative sample (C20-80) sample.

Runs for this study also include the following controls:

Negative Control • Positive Control

The precision study consisted of two operators; three lots of ICEPlex C. difficile Assay kits; and three ICEPlex instruments. The precision study was run over 12 non-consecutive days with two runs per day and two replicates of each sample per run. One negative sample (out of a total of 144 observations) and one low positive sample (out of a total of 144 observations) produced invalid results during the study.

Precision Study Overall Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Ct Value</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143/143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hi/Low (C20-80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility of the ICEPlex C. difficile Assay was evaluated at 3 independent laboratory sites. The reproducibility study panel included 4 simulated samples - moderate positive (expected positive $100 \%$ of the time), low positive (near assay limit of detection, expected positive $59 5 \%$ of the time), negative (expected negative $100 \%$ of the time) and C20-80), (expected positive $2 0 { - } 8 0 \%$ of the time). The panel also included positive and negative controls. Panel samples were tested at each independent laboratory site for 5 days with 2 runs per day and 3 replicates of each panel member per run. One low positive sample (out of a total of 90 observations) and one moderate positive sample (out of a total of 90 observations) produced invalid results during the study Study results are summarized in the tables below:

Reproducibility Study Result - Overall Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C20-80*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.26 to 78.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.98 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.98 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.98 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 to 100</td></tr></table>

NOTE: \*For C20-80 samples $\%$ agreement is given as $\%$ positive results

Reproducibility Study, Site to Site $\%$ Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>posee</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeemn8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>poee</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aen8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amhd</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C20-80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

Analytical sensitivity of the ICEPlex C. difficile Assay was determined using a -fold serial dilutin of two C.difficile strains that were spiked into qualifid negative stool and processed according to ICEPlex C. difficile Assay Instructions for Use. 20 replicates at each concentration level were tested on 3 different ICEPlex instruments. Analytical sensitivity of the assay was defined as the lowest concentration at which at least $9 5 \%$ of all replicates were reported positive.

LOD of the ICEPlex C. difficile assay determined for:

C.if 4355 (630 Ti :8CFUx C. difficile strain BAA-1805 (Toxinotype II): 2CFU/xn

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

To assess the analytical inclusivity of the ICEPlex C. diffcile Assay, a set of 20 additional toxigenic strains of C. difficile were spiked into negative matrix (pool of negative clinical samples) at a level approximately three times above the assay LOD. Spiked samples were processed in accordance with the

IC C.ificiAsy Itus r Use.Theeu  the t follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1382 (630)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 (4111)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, A+B+binary-,NAP5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9689 (90556-M6S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700792 (14797-2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1875 (5325)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V, A+B+, NAP7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51695 (BDMS 18AN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43598 (1470)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII, A-B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43600 (2149)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43599(2022)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43594(W1194)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43596(545)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I, A+B+$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17858 (1253)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17857 (870)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1808</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1806</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III A+B+, NAP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 (4118)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III, binary+, NAPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1873 (5283)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, A+,B+,binary-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Note: Strain BAA-1814 (Toxinotype XXIl) was determined to be nonviable. PrimeraDx cannot claim inclusivity to this strain

# Analytical Specificity

# Cross Reactivity

A microbial cross reactivity study was performed with the ICEPlex C. difficile Assay using a panel of samples, consisting of pooled negative clinical matrix. spiked with 5 non-toxigenic C. difficile strains, 14 other Clostridium strains or 54 other pathogens or representatives of healthy intestinal flora. Bacteria and parasites were tested at concentrations $\mathbf { 1 } \mathbf { x } \mathbf { 1 0 } ^ { \top }$ organisms/ml, viruses at concentrations $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 . 5 }$ $1 \mathbf { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ TCID50/ml. In this study, Clostridium sordellii was identified as cross-reacting, due to high toxin sequence similarity. Clostridium sordellii is not typically found in Gl tract. Reactivity with this organism has little to no clinical significance. One of three replicates for Clostridium difficile strain 43601 was reported positive at 14 cps/rxn just above the assay cutoff set at 12 cps/rxn. PrimeraDx was not able to verify interference to this strain in follow-up analysis. None of other species resulted in positive result with ICEPlex C. difficile Assay.

# Interfering Substances

A chemical interference study was performed using a panel of samples, consisting of pooled negative clinical matrix and contrived samples produced by supplementing pooled negative clinical matrix with culture stock of two C. difficile strains, ATCC BAA-1805 and 43255, added to produce samples resulting in 9 and 21 cfu/rxn, respectively (approximately three times the assay LOD). The table below shows potential interfering substances and concentrations used in this study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance                       63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Fungal /Anti-Itch Vaginal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creams/Ointments/Suppositories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Hemorrhoid Creams/Ointments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Carbonate/AluminumHydroxide/MagnesiumHydroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enemas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine/MineralOil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condoms with Spermicidal Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonoxynol-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Diarrheal Medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoperamideHydrochloride/BismuthSubsalicylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laxatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Steroidal Anti-InflammatoryMedications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moist Towelettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BenzalkoniumChloride, Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (v/v),1%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal Fat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids, etc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Hormones,Enzymes, Ions, Iron,etc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5% (w/v)</td></tr></table>

None of the substances interfered with detection of C. difficile from both tested strains or caused a false positive result in the negative samples.

Well-to-well Cross Contamination and Run-to-run Carryover Contamination

Samples for Well-to-well Cross Contamination and Run-to-run Carryover Contamination study were prepared by the extraction of a sries of high positive samples (with analyte concentration exceeding the concentration found in $9 5 \%$ posi mplesin thentendeus populatin)alteatng wit negative mples. Location of positive and negative samples on the extraction instrument was altered run-to-run. On the ICEPlex system, high positive and negative samples were run in a checkerboard fashion. In the consecutive run, the platemap was inverted to allow wells and capillaries that were running negative samples to run positive samples. The study included 6 rüns: each run had 24 high positive and 24 negative samples. The study identified no contamination in the negative samples run in the course of the study, reporting False Positive rate at $0 \%$ (0 False Positives out of 141 valid negatives). These data allowed PrimeraDx to conclude that there was no well-towell Cross Contamination or run-to-run Carryover Contamination observed in the course of this study.

# b. CLiNICAl PERfoRManCE StuDiES

A clinical study was conducted at three independent sites to compare performance of the ICEPlex C. difficile Assay Kit on the ICEPlex System to toxigenic C. difficile direct culture.

This study protocol directed the laboratory testing of specimens from patients suspected of gastrointestinal tract infection with a toxigenic strain of Clostridium difficile bacteria. Each of the sites performed testing in the ICEPlex C. difficile Assay on specimens collected at the site. These specimens collected from all three sites were tested by toxigenic C. difficile direct culture. A total of 1103 (806 fresh, 297 frozen) samples were collected and enrolled in the investigational study at 3 clinical sites. 97 frozen samples were excluded from the analysis due to improper storage conditions and temperature excursions. An additional 37 samples were excluded due to study protocol deviations.

969 specimens were compliant and met all protocol requirements. 952 $( 9 8 . 2 \% )$ out of 969 gave reportable results and were included in the statistical analysis. 17 samples remained invalid upon retest ( $1 . 8 \%$ of all analyzed samples). 3 out of the 17 unresolved invalids were reported positive by direct culture.

Performance characteristics determined in the course of this study were as follows. The Clopper-Pearson exact method was used to calculate confidence intervals.

# Overall Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Direct Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>         1Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>OCeEGiile ik</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>762</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>782</td></tr></table>

Positive Percent Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } )$ • $9 0 . 0 \%$ ( 84.5 - 94.1) Negative Percent Agreement $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } )$ : $9 7 . 4 \%$ ( 96.1 - 98.4)

# Notes:

Discordant testing was performed for samples where ICEPlex C. difficile Assay and toxigenic C. difficile direct culture reported results in disagreement.

Discordant analysis included microbiological isolation of and PCR targeting of 3 appropriate regions of the toxin B gene (Different recognition sites than the ones used in the ICEPlex C. difficile assay) with bi-directional DNA sequencing.

$^ { \mathrm { a } } _ { \boldsymbol { 6 } }$ o eorted positive by ICElex C.diile Assay we reorte postive y discordant analysis.

1 reortd negative by ICEPlex Cdifficile Assay sampes were ertd posive by discordant analysis.

# Results by Site

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SiteA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SiteB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/ 55 = 89.1%( 77.8 - 95.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/ 64 = 87.5%( 76.8 - 94.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/ 51 = 94.1%( 83.8 - 98.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281/ 288 = 97.6%( 95.1 - 99.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256/ 262 = 97.7%( 95.1 - 99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225/ 232 = 97.0%( 93.9 - 98.8)</td></tr></table>

# M. CONCLUSION

PrimeraDx believes that based on the clinical and analytical performance comparison data, ICEPlex C. difficile Assay on the ICEPlex System is substantially equivalent to predicate devices.

PRIMERADX, INC.   
FAYYAZ MEMON   
VP. REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND QUALITY ASSURANCE 171 FORBES BLVD   
SUITE 1000   
MANSFIELD MA 02048

Re: K132726 Trade/Device Name: ICEPlex C. difficile Assay Kit. ICEPlex System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.3130 Regulation Name: Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay Regulatory Class: H1 Product Code: OZN, NSU Dated: September 6. 2013 Received: September 9. 2013

Dear Mr. Memon:

We have reviewed vour Section 5T0(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do nol require approval of a premarkel approval application (PMA). You may. therefore. market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Acl include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDR1-l does not evaluatc information related to contract liability warrantics. We remind you, however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class 1 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (2! CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical devicc reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 C1:R Part 820); and if applicable. the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contaci the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its to1l-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://wwv.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htum. Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part .9 F qss eari thotin ve ve ndr he  latn CFR Part 803). please go t0   
htup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.hum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarkel Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance al its tol-Tree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/McdicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat. M.Se.. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K132726

Device Name: ICEPlex®C. difficile Assay on the ICEPlex® System

Indications For Use:

The PrimeraDx ICEPlex® C. difficile Assay is for the qualitative detection of the Clostridium difficile toxin B gene (tcdB gene) in nucleic acids purified from unpreserved liquid or soft human stool specimens from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDI).

The ICEPlex C. difficile Assay is intended to be used only on the ICEPlex® System, which integrates PCR-based amplification with capillary electrophoresis (CE) for the detection of amplification products. The assay is intended to aid in the diagnosis of CDI. Resuits should be considered in conjunction with patient clinical history.

Prescription Use___ (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)