# 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# VIDAS® C. difficile GDH

# A. Submitter Information

Submitter's Name: Address:

bioMérieux SA   
Chemin de I'Orme   
69280 Marcy-I'Etoile - France   
Caroline KOCH-MATHIAN   
$\yen 33$ 4 78 87 70 32   
$\yen 33$ 4 78 87 20 75   
May 2013

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name

Trade Name: VIDAS® C. difficile GDH   
Common Name: VIDAS C. difficile GDH Assay   
Classification Name: 21 CFR 866.2660 - Microorganism Differentiation and Identification Device MCB - Antigen, Clostridium difficile

# C. Predicate Device Name

Trade Name: C. DIFF QUIK CHEK® (TECHLAB, INC.), K053572

# D. Device Description

The $V / \mathsf { D } \mathsf { A } \mathsf { S } ^ { \otimes }$ Cdifficile GDH assay principle combines a two-step enzyme immunoassay sandwich method with a final fluorescent detection (ELFA).

The Solid Phase Receptacle $B P R ^ { \infty } )$ serves as the solid phase as well as the pipetting device. Reagents for the assay are ready-to-use and are pre-dispensed in the sealed reagent strips. All of the assay steps are performed automatically by the instrument. The reaction medium is cycled in and out of the SPR several times. Each step is followed by a wash cycle which eliminates unbound components.

Specific binding of GDHpresent in the sample with mouse monoclonal anti-GDH antiody coated on the interior of the SPR.   
Binding between GDH and mouse monoclonal anti-GDH antibody conjugated with alkaline phosphatase (ALP).   
Detection: alkaline phosphatase catalyzes the hydrolysis of the substrate (4-Methylelliery phoshatin  fuorescent product 4-Methy-mbeliferonethe uorescence of which is measured at $4 5 0 \mathsf { n m }$ .

Teensy e rn he any

W   uz the instrument, a test value is generated, and a result is printed for each sample.

# E. Intended Use

VIDAS® C. difficile GDH (GDH) is an automated test based on the Enzyme Linked Fluorescent Assay technique (ELFA), for use on the VIDAS family instruments.

The VIDAS C. difficile GDH (glutamate dehydrogenase) assay is a qualitative test that detects the C. difficile antigen, glutamate dehydrogenase, as a screen for the presence of C. difficile in fecal specimens from persons suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDl). The test does not distinguish toxigenic from non-toxigenic strains of C. difficile. With the use of additional tests that detect C. difficile toxins, the test is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of C. difficile infection. As with other C. difficile tests, results should be considered in conjunction with the patient history.

# F. Technological Characteristics Summary

A general comparison of the similarities and differences of the assays is presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS® C. difficile GDH Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. DIFF QUIK CHEK® AssayK053572)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS® C. difficile GDH (GDH) is anautomated test based on the EnzymeLinked Fluorescent Assay technique(ELFA), for use on the ViDAS familyinstruments.The VIDAS C.difficile  GDH(glutamate dehydrogenase) assay isa qualitative test that detects the C.difficile      antigen,      glutamatedehydrogenase, as a screen for thepresence of C. difficile in fecalspecimens from persons suspectedof having C. difficile infection (CDI).The test does−notdistinguishtoxigenic from non-toxigenic strainsof C. difficile. With the use ofadditional tests that detect C. difficiletoxins, the test is to be used as anaid in the diagnosis of C. difficileinfection. As with other C. difficiletests, results should be considered inconjunction with the patient history.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The C. DIFF QUIK CHEK® test is arapid     membrane      enzymeimmunoassay foruse as ascreening    test   to    detectClostridium    difficile    antigen,glutamate dehydrogenase, in fecalspecimens     from      personssuspected of havingC. difficiledisease.  The test does notdistinguish toxigenicfrom nontoxigenic strains of C. difficile. Withthe use of additional tests thatdetect C. difficile toxins, the test isto be used as an aid in thediagnosis of C. difficile disease. Aswith other C. difficile tests, resultsshould   be    consideredinconjunction  with  the  patienthistory.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile glutamatedehydrogenase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile glutamatedehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayTechnique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme-linked fluorescent assayELFA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapid Membrane Enzymeimmunoassay</td></tr></table>

All nonclinical and clinical tests were performed following the recommendations of the FDA draft guidance from November $2 9 ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ 2010.

# G. Nonclinical Tests

A summary of the non-clinical results is presented below.

# Sample stability

Specimens storage after collection Stool specimens may be stored at $2 . 8 \%$ for 3 days (from time of collection) prior to processing. If longer storage is required, freeze the specimens at $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } C + / - 1 0 ^ { \circ } C$ up to one month. Avoid repeated freezing and thawing cycles and storage at $- 1 9 / - 3 1 ^ { \circ } C$ .

# Specimens storage after pretreatment

Specimen supernatants may be stored up to 8 hours at $1 8 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ or 48 hours at $2 . 8 \%$ before being tested with the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay. Specimen supernatants storage at $- 1 9 / - 3 1 ^ { \circ } C$ and $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } C + 1 - 1 0 ^ { \circ } C$ was not validated and is therefore not recommended.

# Precision

The within-laboratory precision was estimated at one site based on the recommendations of the $C L S l ^ { \otimes }$ EP5-A2.

Three human samples, including 2 close to the clinical cut-off (1 high negative and 1 low positive) and 1 moderate positive, were tested in triplicate in 2 runs per day with 2 different operators, with 2 reagent lots for a total of 12 testing days (6 days of test per lot) on 1 VIDAS instrument $N = 7 2$ test values for each sample). Two calibrations were used for each reagent lot (3 days of test per calibration and lot) over the whole period of the study. Data from the study are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">N</td><td rowspan="2">Mean test value</td><td colspan="2">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2">Total within- laboratory precision (total within- instrument, between- lot, between-</td></tr><tr><td>Standard deviation</td><td>CV (%)</td><td>calibration) Standard deviation</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 1 High negative</td><td>72</td><td>0.07</td><td>0.00</td><td>6.0</td><td>0.01</td><td>14.1</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 2 Low positive</td><td>72</td><td>0.12</td><td>0.01</td><td>5.2</td><td>0.01</td><td>11.9</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 3 Moderate positive</td><td>72</td><td>0.27</td><td>&#x27; 0.02</td><td>5.7</td><td>0.03</td><td>11.2</td></tr></table>

The within-laboratory precision of each panel member was also analyzed by determining the percentage of agreement between the test interpretation and the expected outcome (negative/positive interpretation). There was no change of interpretation for the 3 panel samples tested: all replicates of each panel member resulted in the expected interpretation. Data from the qualitative analysis are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">Expecte d Result</td><td rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="2">Observed result Lot 1</td><td colspan="2">Observed result Lot 2</td><td rowspan="2">Total</td><td rowspan="2">[Cl95] %</td></tr><tr><td>Negative Positive Negative</td><td></td><td>Positive</td><td>Agree- ment</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 1 High negative</td><td>Negative</td><td>72</td><td>36</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>0</td><td>72/72 (100.0%)</td><td>[95.0 - 100.0]%</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 2 Low positive</td><td>Positive</td><td>72</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>72/72 (100.0%)</td><td>[95.0 - 100.0]%</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 3 Moderate positive</td><td>Positive</td><td>72</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>72/72 (100.0%)</td><td>[95.0 - 100.0]%</td></tr></table>

The reproducibility was estimated at three sites based on the recommendations of the $C L S l ^ { \otimes }$ EP5-A2.

Three human samples, including 2 close to the clinical cut-of (1 high negative and 1 low positive) and 1 moderate positive, were tested in triplicate in 2 runs per day with 2 different operators, using 2 reagent lots for a total of 6 testing days (3 days of test for each lot) on 3 VIDAS instruments at 3 different sites $( N = 1 0 8$ test values for each sample). One calibration was used for each reagent lot over the whole period of the study. Data from the study are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td rowspan="2">N</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Reproducibility (total between sample Mean test value preparation/operator/run/day/lot/</td></tr><tr><td>Standard deviation</td><td>instrument) CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 1 High negative</td><td>108</td><td>0.06</td><td>0.01</td><td>19.1</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 2 Low positive</td><td>108</td><td>0.12</td><td>0.02</td><td>12.9</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 3 Moderate positive</td><td>108</td><td>0.26</td><td>0.03</td><td>13.0</td></tr></table>

The reproducibility of each panel member was also analyzed by determining the percentage of agreement between the test interpretation and the expected outcome (negative/positive interpretation). Data from the qualitative analysis for all sites combined are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Panol Sample</td><td rowspan="2">Expected Rosult</td><td rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="2">Observed result Site 1</td><td colspan="2">Observed result Site 2</td><td colspan="2">Observed result Site 3</td><td rowspan="2">Total Agroe- ment</td><td rowspan="2">[Clas} %</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>PosItive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Positive</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 1 High negatIve</td><td>Negative</td><td>108</td><td>36</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>0</td><td>35</td><td>1</td><td>107/108 (99.1%)</td><td>[94.9- 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 2 Llow positive</td><td>Positive</td><td>108</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>1</td><td>35</td><td>3</td><td>33</td><td>104/108 (96.3%)</td><td>[90.8 - 99.0]%</td></tr><tr><td>Sample 3 Moderate positive</td><td>Positive</td><td>108</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td>0</td><td>36</td><td></td><td>36</td><td>108/108 , (100.0%)</td><td>{96.6 100.0]%</td></tr></table>

Out of the 108 results obtained for each precision sample, there were:

1 change of interpretation $( 0 . 9 \% )$ for the high negative sample (Sample 1),   
4 changes of interpretation $( 3 . 7 \% )$ for the low positive sample (Sample 2),   
0 change of interpretation $( 0 \% )$ for the moderate positive sample (Sample 3).

The percentages of change of interpretation observed for Sample 1 and Sample 2 were less than $5 \%$ , which was considered as normal and expected for these types of samples very close to the assay decision threshold (average test value for Sample $1 = 0 . 0 6$ and average test value for Sample $ 2 = 0 . 1 2$ for a decision threshold at 0.10.

# Strain reactivity

The VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay was evaluated using several strains of C. difficile. Strains were grown on Columbia agar $+ 5 \%$ sheep blood (bioMérieux ref. 43041). The VIDAS C. difficile GDH detects the following_ C.difficile strains at the tested concentrations of $\mathsf { \mathsf { g x } } 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ CFU/mL (3 McFarland) and $3 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL:

The VIDAS C. difficile GDH detects the following C.difficile strains at the tested concentration of $9 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ CFU/mL (3 McFarland):   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Toxinogenic C.difficile strains:</td><td>Non toxinogenic C.difficile strains:</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC® 43255 ™M</td><td>ATCC® 43600 TM</td><td>ATCC® 700057 TM</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC® 9689 TM</td><td>ATCC® 43599 TM</td><td>ATCC® 43593 TM</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC® 700792 TM</td><td>ATCC® 43596 TM</td><td>X1a IS58</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC 17858 TM</td><td>ATCC® 43594 TM</td><td>X1b R1 1402</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC® BAA-1805 TM</td><td>ATCC 17857 TM</td><td>ATCC® 43601 ™ (3x10 CFU/mL only)</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC® BAA-1382 TM</td><td>ATCC®43598 TM</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ATCC® 51695 TM</td><td>CCUG 20309</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Cardiff ECDC collection including the following ribotypes</td><td>001 (7 strains); 002; ; 003; 012; 014; 015; 017; 020; 023; 027; 029; 046; 053; 056; 070;075; 077; 078; 081; 087; 095; 106; 126; 131; VPI 10463; ;005; 010; 045; 048; 156; 174.</td></tr><tr><td>bioMerieux collection including the following ribotypes</td><td>001 (6 strains); ; 002 (9 strains); 005 (2 strains); 010 (1 strain);: 012 (4 strains); 014 (10 strains); 015 (1 strain): 017 (20 strains): 020 (5 strains); 023 (1 strain); 027 (24 strains); 047 (1 strain): 050 (1 strain); 053 (4 strains); 054 (2 strains); 056 (2 strains); 057 (1 strain); 058 (1 strain); 075 (1 strain); 078 (3 strains); 096 (1 strain); 097 (1 strain); 103 (2 strains); 106 (16 strains); 110 (2 strains); 118 (1 strain); 153 (1 strain); 177 (1 strain).</td></tr></table>

# Analytical sensitivity

# Limit of detection

The limit of detection was evaluated using a range of dilutions of purified native Cdifficile GDH and recombinant C. difficile GDH in a pool of C. difficile-negative stool samples based on the recommendations of the CLSI EP17-A.

The limt  eto  VIDAS Ciffi GDH ss $9 5 \%$ detection rate for positive samples) is 3.0 ng/mL for purified native GDH.

# Hook effect

No hook effect was observed up to purified native GDH concentrations of 2 μg/MI.

# Interferences

Study of drug interferences and other potentially interfering substances

Potential interferences by commonly used drugs and other substances was determined based on the recommendations of the $\operatorname { c L } \mathsf { S l } ^ { \otimes }$ EP7-A2, at 2 levels of GDH (a low positive close to the clinical cut-off and a high positive).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highestconcentration ttested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bismuth salicylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.06 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential interference*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fidaxomicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27 v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential interference*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aluminium hydroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium hydroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2170 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 UI/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.225 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tergitol (nonoxynol-9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential interference*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference observed</td></tr></table>

\*Calcium carbonate at 9.80 mg/mL, Mineral oil at 0.20 v/v and Tergitol at 0.125 v/v did not cause interference.

# Cross-reactivity and microbial interference:

To test for cross-reactivity, each micro-organism was diluted in a pool of C. difficile-negative stool samples, pretreated and a single replicate was tested using the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay.

To test for microbial interference, each micro-organism was diluted in a pool of C. difficilepositive stool samples, pretreated and a single replicate was tested using the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay.

For both cross-reactivity and microbial interference studies, the micro-organisms were tested at a concentration of $3 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ CFU/mL (1 McFarland) for bacteria and $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ PFU/mL for viruses.

None of the following micro-organisms, present in the stool samples, reacted with the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay:

Abiotrophia defectiva, Acinetobacter baumannii, Acinetobacter Iwoffi, Aeromonas hydrophila ssp hydrophila, Alcaligenes faecalis ssp faecalis, Anaerococcus tetradius, Bacillus cereus, Bacteroides caccae, Bacteroides merdae, Bacteroides stercoris, Bifidobacterium adolescentis, Bifidobacterium longum, Campylobacter jejuni ssp jejuni, Candida albicans, Candida catenulata, Cedecea davisae, Chlamydia trachomatis, Citrobacter amalonaticus, Citrobacter freundi, Citrobacter koseri, Citrobacter sedlaki, Clostridiuim nexile, Clostridium beijerinckii, Clostridium bifermentans, Clostridium bolteae, Clostridium butyricum, Clostridium chauvoei, Clostridium fallax, Clostridium haemolyticum, Clostridium histolyticum, Clostridium innocuum, Clostridium novyi, Clostridium paraputrificum, Clostridium perfringens, Clostridium ramosum, Clostridium scindens, Clostridium septicum, Clostridium sordelli, Clostridium sphenoides, Clostridium spiroforme, Clostridium sporogenes, Clostridium symbosum, Clostridium tertium, Clostridium tetani, Collinsella aerofaciens, Corynebacterium genitalium, Desulfovibrio piger, Edwardsiella tarda, Eggerthella lenta, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter cloacae, Enterococcus casseliflavus, Enterococcus cecorum, Enterococcus dispar, Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Enterococcus gallinarum, Enterococcus hirae, Enterococcus raffinosus, Escherichia coli, Escherichia fergusoni, Echerichia hermanni, Flavonifractor plauti, Fusobacterium varium, Gardnerella vaginalis, Gemella morbillorum, Hafnia alvei, Helicobacter fenneliae, Helicobacter pylori, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae ssp pneumoniae, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus reuteri, Lactococcus lactis ssp lactis, Leminorella grimontii, Listeria grayi, Listeria innocua, Listeria monocytogenes, Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius, Plesiomonas shigelloides, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, Prevotella melaninogenica, Proteus mirabilis, Proteus penneri, Providencia alcalifaciens, Providencia rettgeri, Providencia stuarti, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Pseudomonas putida, Salmonella enterica ssp arizonae, Salmonella ser.Choleraesuis, Salmonella ser.Typhimurium Serratia liquefaciens, Serratia marcescens, Shigella boydii, Shigella dysenteriae, Shigella sonnei, Staphylococcus aureus ssp aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus dysgalactiae ssp dysgalactiae,Streptococcus intermedius, Streptococcus uberis, Trabulsiella guamensis, Veillonella parvula, Vibrio cholerae, Vibrio parahaemolyticus, Yersinia bercovieri, Yersinia rohdei, Adenovirus 40 et 41, Rotavirus RF, Norovirus, Enterovirus 70, Echovirus 12, Coxsackie virus, Cytomegalovirus AD169.

# H.Clinical Testing

# Clinical sensitivity and specificity

1904 (1891 prospective and 13 retrospective) stool samples collected from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDl) were tested at three sites (USA and Europe). The age groups of the patients range from 1 year to 100 years. A single replicate of each sample was tested using VIDAS C. difficile GDH on a VIDAS instrument. A bacterial culture test was performed for each sample on a CCFA medium according to the instructions for use.Data from the study are summarized in the following tables:

Performance of the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay versus CCFA bacterial culture on prospective samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="6">CCFA bacterial culture test</td></tr><tr><td>Site 1 (EU)</td><td></td><td>Site 2 (US)</td><td>Site 3 (US)</td><td></td><td>Total (All Sites)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Positive Negative</td><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Positive Negative</td></tr><tr><td>VIDAS Positive C.</td><td>42 24</td><td>78</td><td>21</td><td>163 113</td><td>283 158*</td></tr><tr><td>difficile Negativ GDH e</td><td>7</td><td>451</td><td>4 363</td><td>2 623</td><td>13**</td><td>1437</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>49</td><td>475</td><td>82 384</td><td>.165</td><td>736</td><td>296 1595</td></tr><tr><td>Performance</td><td>%</td><td>[Clg5%]</td><td>% [Cl95%]</td><td>%</td><td>[Cl95%)]</td><td>% [Cl95%]</td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity</td><td>85.7%</td><td>[72.8- 94.17%</td><td>[88.0 - 95.1% 98.7%</td><td>98.8%</td><td>[95.7- 99.91%</td><td>[92.6 - 95.6% 97.657%</td></tr><tr><td>Specificity</td><td>94.9%</td><td>[92.6- 96.7%</td><td>[91.8- 94.5% 96.67%</td><td>84.6%</td><td>[81.8- 87.27%</td><td>[88.5- 90.1% 911.51%</td></tr><tr><td>Negative Predictive Value (NPV)</td><td>98.5%</td><td>[96.9- 99.47%</td><td>[97.2 - 98.9% 99.7%</td><td>99.7%</td><td>[98.8 - 9.97%</td><td>[98.5- 99.1% 99.51%</td></tr></table>

\* 158 samples were found positive with the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay and negative with the CCFA bacterial culture test, 73 of which were found positive and 85 negative with the commercially available C. difficile GDH assay.   
\* samples were found negative with the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay and positive with the CCFA bacterial culture test, 9 of which were found negative and 4 positive with the commercially available C. difficile GDH assay.   
Ou of 2038 patient samples tested with he VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay, 21 $( 1 . 0 \% )$ were reported as invalid.

# Testing on retrospective samples

Thirteen (13) retrospectively collected samples from pediatric patients submitted for routine C. difficile testing (2-12 years) were assayed for C. difficile according to the same protocol. For these 13 retrospective samples alone, the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay demonstrated a sensitivity of $100 . 0 \%$ (10/10) and a specificity of $3 3 . 3 \%$ (1/3).

# Performance of the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay versus CCFA bacterial culture on all prospective and retrospective samples

For all 1904 specimens and all sites combined, the VIDAS C. dificile GDH assay demonstrated a sensitivity of $9 5 . 8 \%$ (293/306) with $9 5 \% C 1$ . $9 2 . 8 \ : - \ : 9 7 . 7 \%$ a specificity of $9 0 . 0 \%$ (1438/1598) with $9 5 \% 0 0 1 ; 8 8 . 4 - 9 1 . 4 \%$ and a negative predictive value of $9 9 . 1 \%$ with $9 5 \% C l$ $9 8 . 5 - 9 9 . 5 \%$ .

Sensitivity and Specificity performances versus CCFA medium by age group on prospective samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS PositiveICCFA Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity [Cl9s] %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDASNegativeICCFANegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity [Clg5] %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% [2.5 - 100.0]%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[15.8 - 100.0]%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% [73.5 - 100.0]%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6% [75.4 - 96.2]%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% [75.3 - 100.0]%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9% [75.9 - 96.3]%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-59 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122/125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6% [93.1 - 99.5]%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>562/632</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%[86.2 - 91.3]%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135/145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1%[87.7 - 96.6]%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>794/872</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1% [89.0 - 92.9]%</td></tr></table>

For all 69 (56 prospective and 13 retrospective) samples from the 2-12 years pediatric population, the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay demonstrated a sensitivity of $100 . 0 \%$ (22/22) with $9 5 \% 0$ : $8 4 . 6 - 1 0 0 . 0 \%$ , and a specificity $8 5 . 1 \%$ (40/47) with $9 5 \% 0$ : 71.7 - 93.8%.

# Method comparison with a commercially available C. diffile GDH assay

1904 (1891 prospective and 13 retrospective) stool samples collected from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDl) were tested at 3 sites (USA and Europe). A single replicate of each sample was tested using VIDAS C. difficile GDH on a VIDAS instrument and a commercially available C. difficile GDH assay.   
Data from the study are summarized in the following table:

Method comparison between the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay and the commercially available C. difficile GDH assay on prospective samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="6">Commercially available C. difficile GDH assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Site 1 (EU)</td><td>Site 2 (US)</td><td>Site 3 (US)</td><td></td><td>Total (All Sites)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Positive Negative</td><td>Positive Negative</td></tr><tr><td>VIDAS Positive C.</td><td>56</td><td>10</td><td>92</td><td>7 207</td><td>69</td><td>355 86</td></tr><tr><td>difficile Negativ GDH e</td><td>4</td><td>454</td><td>2 365</td><td>4</td><td>621</td><td>10 1440</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>60</td><td>464</td><td>94</td><td>372 211</td><td>690</td><td>365 1526</td></tr><tr><td>Performance</td><td>%</td><td>[Cl95%]</td><td>%</td><td>[Cl95%] %</td><td>[Cl95%]</td><td>% [Cl95%]</td></tr><tr><td>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td>93.3%</td><td>[83.8- 98.27%</td><td>97.9%</td><td>[92.5- 98.1% 99.7%</td><td>[95.2- 99.5%</td><td>97.3% [95.0 - 98.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td>97.8%</td><td>[96.1 - 99.01%</td><td>98.1%</td><td>[96.2 - 90.0% 99.2]%</td><td>[87.5- 922.1%</td><td>[93.1 - 94.4% 95.57%</td></tr></table>

In order to better estimate the performance of the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay in specimens from pediatric patients (2-12 years), thirteen (13) C. difficile retrospectively collected samples were tested according to the same protocol.For all 1904 specimens and all sites combined, the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay demonstrated a positive percent agreement of 97.3% (367/377)with $9 5 \% 0$ : 95.2 -. $9 8 . 7 \%$ , and a negative percent agreement of $9 4 . 4 \%$ (1441/1527) with $9 5 \% C 1$ : 93.1 - $9 5 . 5 \%$ .

# Method comparison with bacterial culture (C. diffcile chromogenic medium)

1904 (1891 prospective and 13 retrospective) stool samples collected from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDl) were tested at 3 sites (USA and Europe). A single replicate of each sample was tested using VIDAS C. difficile GDH on a VIDAS instrument. A bacterial culture test was performed for each sample on a C. difficile chromogenic medium according to the instructions for use.   
Data from the study are summarized in the following table:

Performance of the VIDAS C. diffcile GDH assay versus C. difficile chromogenic media bacterial culture on prospective samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="5">C. difficile chromogenic bacterial culture test</td></tr><tr><td>Site 1 (EU)</td><td>Site 2 (US)</td><td>Site 3 (US)</td><td>Total (All Sites)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Positive Negative</td><td>Positive Negative</td><td>Positive Negative</td></tr><tr><td>VIDAS Positive C.</td><td>42 24</td><td>85 14</td><td>187</td><td>89 314</td><td>127</td></tr><tr><td>difficile Negativ GDH e</td><td>8 450</td><td>3</td><td>364 14</td><td>611</td><td>25 1425</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>50</td><td>474 88</td><td>378</td><td>201 700</td><td>1552 339</td></tr><tr><td>Performance</td><td>% [C195%]</td><td>%</td><td>[Clg5%]</td><td>% [Cl95%]</td><td>% [Clg5%]</td></tr><tr><td>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td>[70.9 - 84.0 92.87%</td><td>96.6%</td><td>[90.4 - 93.0% 9.3%</td><td>[88.6 - 96.1%</td><td>[89.3 - 92.6% 5.27%</td></tr><tr><td>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td>[92.6 - 94.9% 96.7%</td><td>96.3%</td><td>[93.9 - 87.3% 98.01%</td><td>[84.6 - 89.7%</td><td>[90.3- 91.8% 933.11%</td></tr></table>

In order to better estimate the performance of the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay in specimens from pediatric patients (2-12 years), thirteen (13) C. difficile retrospectively collected samples were tested according to the same protocol.For all 1904 specimens and all sites combined. the VIDAS C. difficile GDH assay demonstrated a positive percent agreement of $9 2 . 9 \%$ . (325/350) with $9 5 \% 0$ 89.6 $9 5 . 3 \%$ , and a negative percent agreement of $91 . 8 \%$ EPY (1426/1554) with $9 5 \% C 1$ : $9 0 . 3 - 9 3 . 1 \%$ .

# I. Conclusion

The results from the non-clinical and clinical studies submitted in this premarket notification complete and demonstrate that the VIDAS® C.difficile GDH assay s substantially equivalent to the predicate device identified in Item C of this summary.

# BIOMERIEUX SA CAROLINE KOCH-MATHIAN 5 RUE DES AQUEDUCS CRAPONNE 69290 FRANCE

Re: K132010 Trade/Device Name: VIDAS C. difficile GDH Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 866.2660$ Regulation Name: Microorganism Differentiation and Identification Device Regulatory Class: 1 Product Code: MCB Dated: September 16, 2013 Received: September 17, 2013

Dear Ms. Koch-Mathian:

We have reviewed your Section $\mathfrak { s l o } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ) (Special Controls) or class 1II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hup:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarkel notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
hup:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Salety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general infornation on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industrv/default.hum.

Sincerely yours.

# Sally AHöjvat -S

Sally A. Hojvat. M.Sc.. Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): __K132010_

Device Name: VIDAS® C. difficile GDH

Indications For Use:

VIDAS® C. difficile GDH (GDH) is an automated test based on the Enzyme linked Fluorescent Assay technique (ELFA), for use on the VIDAS family instruments.

The VIDAS C. difficile GDH (glutamate dehydrogenase) assay is a qualitative test that detects the C. difficile antigen, glutamate dehydrogenase, as a screen for the presence of C. difficile in fecal specimens from persons suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDl). The test does not distinguish toxigenic from non-toxigenic strains of C. difficile. With the use of additional tests that detect $\pmb { C } .$ difficile toxins, the test is to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of C. difficile infection. As with other C. difficile tests, results should be considered in conjunction with the patient history.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)