# ALERE SCARBOROUGH, INC.DANIELLE BRIGGEMANCLINICAL AFFAIRS SPECIALIST10 SOUTHGATE ROADSCARBOROUGH ME 04074

Re: K133851 Trade/Device Name: Alere PBP2a SA Culture Colony Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MYI Dated: August 13, 2014 Received: August 20, 2014

Dear Ms. Briggeman:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of September 03, 2014.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809 ); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809 ), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.For Director Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This	summary	of	510(k)	safety	and	effectiveness	information	is	being	submitted	in	accordance	with	the requirements	of	SMDA	1990	and	21	CFR	807.92.

The	assigned	510(k)	number	is:	K133851

# SUBMITTER

Alere	Scarborough,	Inc.   
10	Southgate	Road   
Scarborough,	Maine	04074   
Establishment	Registration	Number:		1221359   
CONTACT PERSON   
Danielle	A.	Briggeman   
(207)	730‐5823	(Office)   
(207)	730‐5767	(FAX)   
danielle.briggeman@alere.com	(email)

# ALTERNATE CONTACT PERSON

Angela	Drysdale (207)	730‐5737	(Office) (207)	730‐5767	(FAX) angela.drysdale@alere.com	(email)

DATE PREPARED August	14,	2014

TRADE NAME Alere™	PBP2a	SA	Culture	Colony	Test

COMMON NAME Alere™	SA	PBP2a	Test,	Alere™	PBP2a	Staphylococcus aureus	Test,	Alere™	Culture	Colony	Test

CLASSIFICATION NAME System,	Test,	Genotypic	Detection,	Resistant	Markers,	Staphylococcus	Colonies	(per	21	CFR	866.1640)

CLASSIFICATION Class	II

PRODUCT CODE MYI

PANEL Microbiology	(83)

PREDICATE DEVICE Oxoid	PBP2’ Latex	Agglutination	Test	(#K011710)

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The	Alere™	PBP2a	SA	Culture	Colony	Test	is	a	rapid	immunochromatographic	membrane	assay	intended	for the	detection	of	penicillin‐binding	protein	2a	(PBP2a)	in	isolates	identifies	as	Staphylococcus aureus	as	an	aid in	identification	of	MRSA.	The	test	uses	highly	sensitive	recombinant	monoclonal	antibody	fragments	(rFabs) to	detect	the	PBP2a	protein	directly	from	bacterial	isolates.	The	rFab	and	a	control	antibody	are	immobilized onto	 a	 nitrocellulose	 membrane	 as	 two	 distinct	 lines	 and	 combined	 with	 a	 sample	 pad,	 a	 pink/purple conjugate	pad,	and	an	absorption	pad	to	form	a	test	strip.

Isolates	 are	 sampled	 directly	 from	 the	 culture	 plate	 and	 eluted	 into	 an	 assay	 tube	 containing	 Reagent	 1.   
Reagent	2	is	then	added	and	the	test	strip	is	placed	in	the	assay	tube.	Results	are	read	visually	at	5	minutes.

# INTENDED USE

The	 Alere™	 PBP2a	 SA	 Culture	 Colony	 Test	 is	 a	 qualitative,	 in vitro	 immunochromatographic	 assay	 for	 the rapid	detection	of	penicillin‐binding	protein	2a	(PBP2a)	in	isolates	identified	as	Staphylococcus aureus	as	an aid	in	identifying	methicillin‐resistant	Staphylococcus aureus	(MRSA).

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The	 Alere™	 PBP2a	 SA	 Culture	 Colony	 Test	and	 the	 predicate	 device,	 Oxoid	 PBP2’ Latex	 Agglutination	 Test, have	 a	 similar	 intended	 use,	 indications	 for	 use,	 and	 utilize	 similar	 basic	 principles	 of	 operation.	 They	 are both	assays	for	the	qualitative	detection	of	PBP2a	in	isolates	sampled	directly	from	culture	plates.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

The	 Alere™	 PBP2a	 SA	 Culture	 Colony	 Test	 was	 compared	 to	 the	 legally	 marketed	 predicate	 device,	 Oxoid Penicillin‐Binding	Protein	(PBP2’)	Latex	Agglutination	Test.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ PBP2a SA Culture Colony Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxoid Penicillin-Binding Protein (PBP2')Latex Agglutination Test K011710</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTENDED USE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alere™ PBP2a SA Culture ColonyTest is a qualitative, in vitroimmunochromatographic assay for therapid detection of penicillin-bindingprotein 2a (PBP2a) in isolates identifiedas Staphylococcus aureus as an aid inidentifying methicillin-resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.The test is a rapid latex agglutination assay,detecting PBP2' (also called PBP2a) inisolates of Staphylococcus, as an aid inidentifying methicillin-resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) andmethicillin-resistant coagulase-negativestaphylococci.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANALYTE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PBP2a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TECHNOLOGY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A qualitative, in vitroimmunochromatographic assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A rapid latex agglutination assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SPECIMEN TYPE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolates identified as S. aureus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TIME TO RESULT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes after sample preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within 3 minutes after sample/testpreparation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PERFORMANCE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compared to Cefoxitin (30μg) DiskDiffusion (95% confidence intervalsincluded in parenthesis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compared to NCCLS methods (95%confidence intervals included in parenthesisand estimated per performance values andknown sample size in product insert)</td></tr><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Alere™ PBP2a SA Culture Colony Test</td><td>Oxoid Penicillin-Binding Protein (PBP2') Latex Agglutination Test K011710</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7"></td><td>Tryptic Soy Agar with 5% Sheep Blood Plate: S. aureus Isolates: Sensitivity: 99.1% (96.7%, 99.8%) Specificity: 99.2% (97.0%, 99.8%)</td><td>S. aureus Isolates: Sensitivity: 100.0% (94.7%, 100.0%) Specificity: 99.0% (95.8%, 99.9%) CoNS Isolates:</td></tr><tr><td>Columbia Agar with 5% Sheep Blood Plate:</td><td>Sensitivity: 96.5% (91.4%, 98.6%) Specificity: 100.0% (92.1%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">S. aureus Isolates: Sensitivity: 98.6% (96.0%, 99.5%) Specificity: 99.2% (97.0%, 99.8%)</td><td>S. aureus Isolates: Sensitivity: 100.0% (94.7%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Specificity: 100.0% (97.1%, 100.0%) CoNS Isolates:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Mueller Hinton Plate:</td><td>Sensitivity: 99.5% (97.4%, 99.9%) Specificity: 99.5% (97.3%, 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td>S. aureus Isolates:</td></tr><tr><td>S. aureus Isolates: Sensitivity: 99.1% (96.7%, 99.8%) Specificity: 99.6% (97.7%, 99.9%)</td><td>Sensitivity: 100.0% (94.7%, 100.0%) Specificity: 100.0% (97.1%, 100.0%) CoNS Isolates: Sensitivity: 95.6% (90.2%, 98.1%) Specificity: 98.0% (88.4%, 99.6%)</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

# CLINICAL	STUDIES

The	 clinical	 performance	 of	 the	 Alere™	 PBP2a	 SA	 Culture	 Colony	 Test	 was	 established	 in	 a	 multi‐center clinical	study	conducted	in	2013	at	three	(3)	geographically‐diverse	laboratories.

A	 total	 of $4 5 4 \ S .$ aureus	isolates	were	evaluated	in	 the	Alere™	 PBP2a	SA	 Culture	 Colony	 Test,	 compared	 to results	 of $3 0 ~ \mu \ g$ cefoxitin	 disk	 diffusion	 and	 interpreted	 according	 to	 CLSI	 standards.	 	 Alere™	 PBP2a	 SA Culture	 Colony	 Test	 performance,	 including $9 5 \%$ confidence	 intervals,	 versus	 cefoxitin	 disk	 diffusion, stratified	by	plate	type	is	provided	below.

All	positive	and	negative	daily	controls	generated	the	expected	results.

# ALERE™ PBP2A SA CULTURE COLONY TEST PERFORMANCE VS. CEFOXITIN ( $\bf { [ 3 0 \mu g ] }$ DISK DIFFUSION: RESULTS BY PLATE TYPE

S. aureus Isolates

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plate Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C.I.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Plate1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(129/129)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.1%,100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(134/136)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(94.8%,99.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tryptic Soy Agar with 5%sheep blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%(213/215)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.7%,99.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(237/239)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.0%,99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Columbia Agar with 5% sheep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.0%,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.0%,</td></tr></table>

Alere™	PBP2a	SA	Culture	Colony	Test 510k	k133851

<table><tr><td>blood</td><td>(212/215)</td><td>99.5%)</td><td>(237/239)</td><td>99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>Mueller Hinton with 30μg</td><td>99.1%</td><td>(96.7%,</td><td>99.6%</td><td>(97.7%,</td></tr><tr><td>Cefoxitin Induction</td><td>(213/215)</td><td>99.8%</td><td>(238/239)</td><td>99.9%)</td></tr></table>

1:	 Alere™	 PBP2a	 SA	 Culture	 Colony	 Test	 was	 performed	 from	 primary	 plates	 at	 2	 out	 of	 3	 clinical	 sites. Primary	plates	were	either	Tryptic	Soy	Agar	or	Columbia	Agar,	with	the	exception	of	two	samples	of	unknown plate	type.

# ANALYTICAL	STUDIES

Please	note:	isolates	tested	in	the	following	studies	were	not	cultured	using	Columbia	agar	plates.	All	positive	and negative	daily	controls	generated	the	expected	results.

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

Alere™	PBP2a	SA	Culture	Colony	Test	limit	of	detection	(LOD	or $\mathrm { C } _ { 9 5 _ { \perp } }$ ),	defined	as	the	concentration	of	PBP2a		producing Staphylococci	that	produces	positive	Alere™	PBP2a	SA	Culture	Colony	Test	results	approximately $9 5 \%$ of	the	time,	was identified	 by	 evaluating	 different	 concentrations	 of	 one	 (1)	 PBP2a	 producing	 S. aureus	 isolate	 .	 The	 concentration identified	as	the	LOD	(or $\mathrm { C } _ { 9 5 } \dot { }$ )	level	is	listed	below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(CFU/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Detected per TotalTests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. aureus (ATCC BAA44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.30 x 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

# REACTIVITY TESTING

162	strains	of	methicillin	resistant	Staphylococcus aureus were	 tested	with	the	Alere™	PBP2a	SA	Culture	Colony	Test with	 positive	 results.	 The	 strains	 were	 obtained	 from	 the	 Network	 on	 Antimicrobial	 Resistance	 in	 Staphylococcus aureus	(NARSA),	American	Type	Culture	Collection	(ATCC)	and	Department	of	Infectious	Disease	Epidemiology	of	the Imperial	College	in	London,	England.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS‐REACTIVITY)

To	 determine	 the	 analytical	 specificity	 of	 the	 Alere™	 PBP2a	 SA	 Culture	 Colony	 Test,	 the	 following	 list	 of	 methicillin‐ sensitive	Staphylococcus aureus	(MSSA)	and	non‐Staphylococcal	strains	were	tested.	All	of	the	organisms	tested	were negative.	When	more	than	one	strain	was	tested,	the	number	is	listed	in	parenthesis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA) (112)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Staphylococcal Strains:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aerococcus urinae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Planococcus citreus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kytococcus schroeteri</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stomatococcus (Rothia mucilanginosa)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kocuria kristinae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Micrococcus luteus</td></tr></table>

# REPRODUCIBILITY

The	Alere™	PBP2a	SA	Culture	Colony	Test	reproducibility	study	was	conducted	at	3	separate	sites	using	panels	of	blind coded	specimens	containing	negative	and	positive	samples	in	duplicate	 for	each	panel.	Participants	 (2	per	site)	each tested	 one	 panel	 on	 5	 different	 days.	 There	 was $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (600/600)	 agreement	 with	 expected	 test	 results	 for Staphylococcus aureus.			There	were	no	significant	differences	within	run	(replicates	tested	by	one	operator),	between run	(5	different	days),	between	sites	(3	sites),	or	between	operators	(6	operators).

Date:	_