# 510(k) Summary

# 1. Name and 510k number of the previously cleared device

510k Number: K132465   
Trade Name: BioSign® Flu $\mathbf { A } + \mathbf { B }$ , Status Flu A&B   
Common or Usual Name: Influenza test   
Classification Name: Influenza virus serological reagents (21CFR 866.3330)

2. Regulatory Class: I

3.Product Code: GNX

# 4Description of the device modification(s):

The modification presented in this $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ is the addition of influenza A/Vietnam/1 194/2004 (H5N1) and influenza A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5N1) along with their respective analytical sensitivity concentrations, to the Analytical Inclusivity section of the package insert.

The avian influenza A (H5N1) viruses, A/Vietnam/1194/2004 (H5N1) and A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5Nl) were obtained from CDC as a non-infectious form with known titer. Analytical sensitivity is reported as the lowest dilution/concentration of the virus that the BioSign®Flu $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Test is able to detect.

# 5. Comparison to the cleared device

Below are the similarities and differences between the modified device and the cleared device.

Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleared Device K132465</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BioSign Flu A+B test is an in vitrorapid qualitative test that detectsinfluenza type A and type Bnucleoprotein antigens directly fromnasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab, andnasopharyngeal aspirate/washspecimens obtained from patients withsigns and symptoms of respiratoryinfection. It is intended to aid in therapid differential diagnosis of influenzaA and B viral infections. Negative testresults are presumptive and it isrecommended these results beconfirmed by viral culture. Negativeresults do not preclude influenza virusinfection and should not be used as thesole basis for treatment or other patientmanagement decisions. The test is</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended for professional and laboratoryuse. Performance characteristics forinfluenza were established during the2007-2009 influenza seasons wheninfluenza A viruses A/NewCaledonia/20/99 (H1N1), A/SolomonIslands/3/2006 (H1N1),A/Brisbane/59/2007 (H1N1),A/Califomia/07/2009 (H1N1),A/Wisconsin/67/2005 (H3N2),A/Brisbane/10/2007 (H3N2), andinfluenza B viruses B/Ohio/01/2005,B/Florida/4/2006, B/Brisbane/60/2008were the predominant influenza virusesin circulation according to the FluActivity &amp; Surveillance report by CDC.Performance characteristics may varyagainst other emerging influenzaviruses. If infection with a novelinfluenza virus is suspected based oncurrent clinical and epidemiologicalscreening criteria recommended bypublic health authorities, specimensshould be collected with appropriateinfection control precautions for novelvirulent Influenza viruses and sent tostate or local health department fortesting. Viral culture should not beattempted in these cases unless a BSL+3facility is available to receive andculture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal swabNasopharyngeal swab Nasopharyngealaspirate/wash specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid phase chromatographicimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubated for 1 min in the extractionreagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Read time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Line</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colloidal gold</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reddish-purple line</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Samples(supplied aspreparedswabs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Cleared device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Control Swab: Influenza A andB antigens (non-infective recombinantnucleoprotein)Negative Control Swab: InactivatedGroup B Streptococcus antigen (non-infective</td></tr></table>

# Differences

The package insert has been updated to include detection of Influenza A/Vietnam/1 194/2004 (H5N 1) and Influenza A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5N1) in the analytical reactivity table.

# Kyung-ah Kim, Ph.D. Director Operations/Quality Systems Princeton BioMeditech Corporation 4242 US Highway I Monmouth Junction, NJ 08852

# December 10, 2013

Re: K133474 Trade/Device Names: BioSign® Flu A+B Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: I Product Code: GNX Dated: November 7, 2013 Received: November 12, 2013

Dear Dr. Kim:

We have reviewed your Section $\mathsf { \pmb { 5 } } ( \mathsf { \pmb { 0 } } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to the legally marketed predicate device marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to the device that has been recassifid in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that does not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title , Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number: _ K133474

Device Name: BioSign® Flu A+B

Intended Use: The BioSign Flu $A + B$ test is an in vitro rapid qualitative test that detects influenza type A and type B nucleoprotein antigens directly from nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab, and nasopharyngeal aspirate/wash specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. Negative test results are presumptive and it is recommended these results be confirmed by viral culture. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use. Performance characteristics for influenza were established during the 2007-2009 influenza seasons when influenza A viruses A/New Caledonia/20/99 (HIN1), A/Solomon Islands/3/2006 (H1N1), A/Brisbane/59/2007 (HIN1), A/Califomia/07/2009 (H1N1), A/Wisconsin/67/2005 (H3N2), A/Brisbane/10/2007 (H3N2), and influenza B viruses B/Ohio/01/2005, B/Florida/4/2006, B/Brisbane/60/2008 were the predominant influenza viruses in circulation according to the Flu Activity & Surveillance report by CDC. Performance characteristics may vary against other emerging influenza viruses. If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL+3 facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Pascription se AND/OR Over-The-Counter luse)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH)