This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with th requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: __K133637_

# SUBMITTER

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359

# CONTACT PERSON

Angela Drysdale   
(207) 730-5737 (0ffice)   
(207) 730-5767 (FAX)   
Angela.drysdale@alere.com (email)

# DATE PREPARED

TRADE NAME Alere™ Influenza A & B Test

COMMON NAME Not Applicable

# CLASSIFICATION NAME

Influenza virus serological reagents (per 21 CFR 866.3330)

CLASSIFICATION Class I

PRODUCT CODE GNX

PANEL Microbiology

PREDICATE DEVICE Alere™ Influenza A & B Test, K103610

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Alere™ Influenza A & B Test is an immunochromatographic membrane assay that uses highly sensitive monoclonal antibodies to detect influenza type A and B nucleoprotein antigens in nasal swab specimens. These antibodies and a control protein are immobilized onto a membrane support as hree distinct lines and are combined with other reagents/pads to construct a Test Strip.

Nasal swab samples are added to a Coated Reaction Tube to which an extraction reagent has been added. An Alere Influenza A &B Test Strip is then placed in the Coated Reaction Tube holding the extracted liqid sample.Test results are interpreted at 10 minutes based on the presence or absence of pink-to-purple colored Sample Lines. The yellow Control Line turns blue in a valid test.

# INTENDED USE

The Alere™ Influenza A & B Test is an in vitromunoroatographicassay r he qualitative detetn o influenza A and B nucleoprotein antigens in nasal swab specimens collected from symptomatic patients. It is ienleav presumptive and should b confrmed by ce culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and Bmolecular assy. Negative test results do not preclude influenza viral infection and should not be used as the sole bass for treatment or other patient management decisions.

# COMPARISON TO THE PREDICATE

The Aler Infueza A &BTest unrconseration in this pecl 0(k) subission is exactly the me a the renty 50( ceaeAlerInenza  &B Test in lpe ext or he   Infz H7N9 to the analytical reactivitytableThere have been no other modifications to the test; the undental scientific technology of the test has not been altered. Both tests use lateral flow immunochromatographic technology. Both tests are rapid immunoassays that employ specific antibodies immobilized onto solid phases to capture and visualize influenza nucleoprotein antigens.

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL STUDY

# Alere™ Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Viral Culture - Prospective Study

The cinical peroranceof he Alere™ Infuenza A &B Test was established in a multi-center, prove clinical study conducted at seven U.S. trial sites during the 2008-2009 respiratory season.

Atal 78 propective nasal swa sens, clecom patint ll age peig wilik ymptos, were evaluated in the Alere™ Influenza A &B Test and compared to viral culture.Fory-our percent $( 4 4 \% )$ of the population tested was $< 5$ years of age, $3 1 \%$ was $5 \cdot < 1 8$ years of age, and $2 5 \% \mathrm { w a s } \geq 1 8$ years. A/H3 and $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { H } \mathsf { 1 }$ were the predominant influenza A subtypes observed during the times the specimens were collected.

Alere™ Influenza A & B Test performance versus viral culture, including $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals, is detaile below.

# Alere™ Influenza A & B Test Performance vs. Culture

Influenza Type A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere t.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>412</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>430</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $9 3 . 8 \%$ (45/48) (95% CI: 83.2, 97.9%) Specificity: $9 5 . 8 \%$ (412/430) $9 5 \%$ CI: 93.5, 97.3%)

Influenza Type B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYaMPowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>394</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $7 7 \%$ (65/84) $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } { : 6 7 . 4 , 8 5 . 0 \% } )$ EPY Specificity: $9 8 . 0 \%$ (386/394) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: 96.1, 99.0%)

\*The nineten samples that tested positive on culture or influenza B, but were negative on the Alere™ Infuenza A & B Test, were also tested on an investigational RT-PCR assay. Ten (10) of these samples were negative for influenza B by PCR.

The rate of invalid results was $1 . 9 \%$ (9/487) with $9 5 \%$ CI: $1 . 0 \%$ , $3 . 5 \%$ .

# ANALYTICAL STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

The Alere™ Influenza A & B Test limit of detection (LOD or $\cos .$ , defined as the concentration of influenza virus that produces positive Alere™ Influenza A & B Test results approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, was identified by evaatg ieent otratonso subtypeofiveilenzaAand  raif vuza e Alere™ Influenza A & B Test: Multiple operators tested each concentration of the four influenza strains multiple times. The concentrations identified as the LOD (or ${ \mathsf { C } } { \mathsf { 9 } } { \mathsf { 5 } } .$ levels for each strain tested are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Subtype5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(TCIDso/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Detected perTotal Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/HongKong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64/66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/PuertoRico/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 x 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20 x 10s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY

The iuza A n  rai st es posive e Ale™nza A &BTes t he A e   yyr the conserved nucleoproeins argete by the Alere™ Influenza A & B TesPerformance characriic the Alere™ Infuenza A &B Test or detectng influenza A virus fro human specmens were etablished whe H1 and H3 subtypes were prevalent. Performance characteristics of the test when other influenza A virus subtypes are emerging as human pathogens have not been established.

# Influenza Strain

# Concentration

Flu A/Port Chalmers/1/73 (H3N2) Flu A/WS/33 (H1N1) Flu A/Aichi/2/68 (H3N2) Flu A/Malaya/302/54 (H1N1) Flu A/New Jersey/8/76 (H1N1) Flu A/Denver/1/57 (H1N1) Flu A/Victoria/3/75 (H3N2)

5.6 x 105 TCID5o/ml  
5.0 x 104 TCID50/ml  
3.0 x 104 TCIDso/ml  
6.0 x 105 TCID5o/ml  
2.8 x 105 TCIDso/ml  
8.9 x 103 TCID50/ml  
1.8 x 104 TCID50/ml

Flu A/Solomon Islands/3/2006 (H1N1)   
Flu A/Brisbane/10/07 (H3N2)   
Flu A/PuertoRico/8/34 (H1N1)   
Flu A/Wisconsin/67/2005 (H3N2)   
Flu A/Hong Kong/8/68 (H3N2)   
Flu A/California/04/2009 (H1N1)   
Flu A/ANHUI/1/2013 (H7N9)   
Flu B/Florida/02/2006   
Flu B/Florida/04/2006   
Flu B/Florida/07/04   
Flu B/Malaysia/2506/04   
Flu B/Panama/45/90   
Flu B/R75   
Flu B/Russia/69   
Flu B/Taiwan/2/62   
Flu B/Mass/3/66   
Flu B/Lee/40

1.5 x 105 TCID5o/ml   
2.5 x 106 EIUso/ml   
5.6 x 105 TCID5o/ml   
1.3 x 105 TCID50/ml   
7.9 x 103 TCID50/ml   
1.4 x 105 TCID5o/ml   
8.7 x 106 EID5o/ml   
1.4 x 104 TCID5o/ml   
7.1 x 104 TCID5o/ml   
8.5 x 104 TCID5o/ml   
1.5 x 106 TCID5o/ml   
1.7 x 104 TCID5o/ml   
5.0 x 105 TCID50/ml   
2.2 x 106 TCIDso/ml   
1.0 x 10s TCIDso/ml   
1.5 x 10s TCID5o/ml   
1.8 x 105 TCIDso/ml

The Alere™ Influenza A & B Test was used to test 55 archived respiratory patient specimens, confirmed to e positive for the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus by an FDA cleared RT-PCR assay. Overal, the Alere™ Influenza A & B Test detected $4 5 \%$ (25/55) of the RT-PCR assay positive specimens. The detection rate was $9 4 \%$ (16/17) with the higher titer specimens and $2 4 \%$ (9/38) with the lower titer specimens.

Although this test has been shown to detect the Flu A/California/04/2009 (H1N1) and A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7) viruses cultured from positive human specimens, the performance characteristics of this device with fresh (non-frozen) human specimens infected with these two influenza viruses have not been established. The Alere™ Influenza A & B test can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it does not differentiate seasonal influenza A virus from influenza A 2009 H1N1 or influenza A H7N9. The ability to detect human infection with the 2009 H1N1 or H7N9 influenza virus in clinical specimens is unknown.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS-REACTIVITY)

To determine the analytical specificity of the Alere™ Influenza A & B Test, 54 commensal and pathogenic micorganiss (38 bacteria, 15 viruses and 1 yeast) that may be present in the nasal cavity or nasopharynx were tested.All of the following microorganisms were negative when tested at concentrations ranging from $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ to 1010 cells/ml, CFU/ml or IFU/ml (bacteria), $1 0 ^ { 5 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } ~ \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ or $\mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ (viruses), and 109 cells/ml (yeast).

# Bacteria

# Viruses

Yeast Candida albicans

Acinetobacter calcoaceticus Bacteroides fragilis Bordetella pertussis Chlamydia pneumoniae Corynebacterium diphtheria Enterococcus faecalis Escherichia coli Gardnerella vaginalis Haemophilus influenzae Klebsiella pneumoniae Lactobacillus casei

Adenovirus type 1   
Adenovirus type 7   
Coronavirus OC43   
Coronavirus 229E   
Coxsackievirus B4   
Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (Herpes V)   
Epstein Barr Virus   
Human metapneumovirus   
Measles (Edmonston)   
Mumps (Enders)   
Parainfluenza 1

Lactobacillus plantarum Parainfluenza 2   
Legionella pneumophila Parainfluenza 3   
Listeria monocytogenes Respiratory Syncytial Virus type B   
Moraxella catarrhalis Rhinovirus type 1A   
Mycobacterium avium   
Mycobacterium intracellulare   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Neisseria sicca   
Neisseria subflava   
Proteus vulgaris   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Serratia marcescens   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan protein A producing strain)   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus, Group A   
Streptococcus, Group B   
Streptococcus, Group C   
Streptococcus, Group F   
Streptococcus, Group G   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus salivaris   
Streptococcus sanguis

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The following substances, naturally present in respiratory specens or that may be rtificially intru inohe asl caviy  ahary, were valuat in heAleInunz  &BTe  he listed below and were found not to affect test performance. Whole blood $( 1 \% )$ did not interfere with the inpreation  negativ AerInluenza A &Test results, ut di nteree wit he interretatn iza A LD or ) psiive samples.Thereore visbly blooy sampls may not be aproriate r use in this test.

# Substance

3 OTC nasal sprays 3 OTC mouthwashes 3 OTC throat drops 4-acetamidophenol Acetylsalicylic acid Albuterol Chlorpheniramine Dexamethasone Dextromethorphan Diphenhydramine Doxylamine succinate

Concentration   
$1 0 \%$   
$1 0 \%$ EPY   
10%   
10 mg/ml   
20 mg/ml   
20 mg/ml   
5 mg/ml   
5 mg/ml   
10 mg/ml   
5 mg/ml   
1 mg/ml

Flunisolide 3 mg/ml Guaiacol glycerol ether 20 mg/ml Mucin 1% Mupirocin 250 μg/ml Oxymetazoline 10 mg/ml Phenylephrine 10 mg/ml Phenylpropanolamine 20 mg/ml Rebetol® (Ribavirin) 500 ng/ml Relenza® (Zanamivir) 20 mg/ml Rimantadine 500 ng/ml Tamiflu® (Oseltamivir) 100 mg/ml Tobramycin 40 mg/ml Triamcinolone 14 mg/ml

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A reproducibility study of the Alere™ Influenza A & B Test was conducted by operators from 3 sites using pl blin codrniz pemes contaig egativ, hih negativ below he lm detion), l psiv  emdet  osi boveem etzB vialsaples articpants teste eac sample ultipl times n  ierent days.The dtection rate  he influenza A moderate positive, low positive, and high negative samples were $9 9 . 2 \%$ (119/120), $9 4 . 2 \%$ (113/120) and $9 . 2 \%$ (11/120), respectfully. The detection rates for the influenza B moderate positive, low positive, and high negative samples were $9 9 . 2 \%$ (119/120), $9 6 . 7 \%$ (116/120) and $7 . 5 \%$ (9/120), respectfully. All of the negative samples (118) generated negative test results.

December 18, 2013

# ALERE SCARBOROUGH, INC. ANGELA DRYSDALE VP OF REGULATORY AND CLINICAL AFFAIRS - INFECTIOUS DISEASE 10 SOUTHGATE ROAD SCARBOROUGH ME 04074

Re: K133637 Trade/Device Name: AlereTM Influenza A & B Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3330 Regulation Name: Influenza virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: I Product Code: GNX Dated: November 4, 2013 Received: November 27, 2013

Dear Ms. Drysdale:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally ADoivat -S

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications For Use

510(k) Number (if known): K133637

Device Name: Alere T Influenza A & B Test

Intended Use: The Alere ™ Influenza A & B Test is an in vitro immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative detection of infiuenza A and B nucleoprotein antigens in nasal swab specimens collected from symptomatic patients. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. Negative test results are presumptive and should be confirmed by cell culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative test results do not preclude influenza viral infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Prescription Use___X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF EDED)

# Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH)

Tamara V. Feldblyum -S 2013.12.16 15:32:37 -05'00'