$$
\ K 1 4 0 4 0 7
$$

# 510(k) Summary BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

# FilmArray Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel Kit

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitted by:

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 390 Wakara Way Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Telephone: 801-736-6354   
Facsimile: 801-588-0507

Contact: Beth Lingenfelter, ext. 407

Date Submitted: February 13, 2014

# Device Name and Classification:

Trade Name: FilmArray GI Panel

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990

Classification Name: Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay

# Predicate Device:

K121454  Luminex xTAG® Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)

# Intended Use:

The FilmArray Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel is a qualitative multiplexed nucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with the FilmArray Instrument. The FilmArray GI Panel is capable of the simultaneous detection and identification of nucleic acids from multiple bacteria, viruses, and parasites directly from stool samples in Cary Blair transport media obtained from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of gastrointestinal infection. The following bacteria (including several diarrheagenic E. coli/Shigella pathotypes), parasites, and viruses are identified using the FilmArray GI Panel:

• Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis)   
• Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B   
• Plesiomonas shigelloides   
• Salmonella

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray GI Panel

Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V. cholerae) including specific identific Vibrio cholerae Yersinia enterocolitica Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli (EAEC) Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) lt/st Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2 (including specific identification of the $E .$ coli O157 serogroup within STEC) Shigella/Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC) Cryptosporidium Cyclospora cayetanensis   
− Entamoeba histolytica   
• Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)   
• Adenovirus F 40/41   
• Astrovirus   
• Norovirus GI/GII Rotavirus A Sapovirus (Genogroups I, II, IV, and V)

The FilmArray GI Panel is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the FilmArray GI Panel. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of the disease.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for $E .$ coli O157, Plesiomonas shigelloides, Yersinia enterocolitica, Astrovirus, and Rotavirus A were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens.

Performance characteristics for Entamoeba histolytica, and Vibrio (V. parahaemolylicus, V. vulnificus, and Vibrio cholerae) were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens

Negative FilmArray Gl Panel results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or noninfectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.

A gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay also aids in the detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

# Device Description:

The FilmArray Gastrointestinal (Gl) Panel is a multiplex nucleic acid test designed to be used with the FilmArray Instrument. The FilmArray GI pouch contains freeze-dried reagents to perform nucleic acid purification and nested, multiplex PCR with DNA melt analysis. The FilmArray Gastrointestinal (Gl) Panel simultaneously conducts 22 tests for the identification of GI pathogens from stool specimens collected in Cary Blair transport medium (Table 1). Results from the FilmArray Gl Panel test are available within about one hour.

Table 1. Bacteria, Viruses, Diarrheagenic E. coli/Shigella, and Parasites Detected by the FilmArray Gl Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis)Clostridium difficile (toxin A/B)PlesiomonasshigelloidesSalmonellaVibrio(V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V.cholerae)Vibrio choleraeYersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus F 40/41AstrovirusNorovirus GI/GIIRotavirus ASapovirus (Genogroups I, II, IV, and V)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diarrheagenic E. coli/Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parasites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC)Enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC)Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC) lt/stShiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) stx1/stx2E. coli O157Shigella/Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CryptosporidiumCyclospora cayetanensisEntamoeba histolyticaGiardia lamblia</td></tr></table>

A test is initiated by loading Hydration Solution into one port of the FilmArray pouch and a stool sample (in Cary Blair transport medium) mixed with the provided Sample Buffer into the other port of the FilmArray GI pouch and placing it in the FilmArray Instrument. The pouch contains all of the reagents required for specimen testing and analysis in a freeze-dried format; the addition of Hydration Solution and Sample/Buffer Mix rehydrates the reagents. After the pouch is prepared, the FilmArray Software guides the user though the steps of placing the pouch into the instrument, scanning the pouch barcode, entering the sample identification, and initiating the run.

The FilmArray Instrument contains a coordinated system of inflatable bladders and seal points, which act on the pouch to control the movement of liquid between the pouch blisters. When a bladder is inflated over a reagent blister, it forces liquid from the blister into connecting channels. Alternatively, when a seal is placed over a connecting channel it acts as a valve to open or close a channel. In addition, electronically controlled pneumatic pistons are positioned over multiple plungers in order to deliver the rehydrated reagents into the blisters at the appropriate

times. Two Peltier devices control heating and cooling of the pouch to drive the PCR reactions and the melt curve analysis.

Nucleic acid extraction occurs within the FilmArray pouch using mechanical and chemical lysis followed by purification using standard magnetic bead technology. After extracting and purifying nucleic acids from the unprocessed sample, the FilmArray performs a nested multiplex PCRhat  exete i t sage. During h rst sag heFilArray peors a single,e volume, highly multiplexed reverse transcription PCR (rt-PCR) reaction. The products from first stage PCR are then diluted and combined with a fresh, primer-free master mix and a fluorescent double stranded DNA binding dye (LC Green® Plus, BioFire). The solution is then distributed to each well of the array. Array wells contain sets of primers designed specifically to amplify sequences internal to the PCR products generated during the first stage PCR reaction. The $2 ^ { \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { d } }$ stage PCR, or nested PCR, is performed in singleplex fashion in each well of the array. At the conclusion of the $2 ^ { \mathfrak { n } \mathfrak { d } }$ stage PCR, the array is interrogated by melt curve analysis for the detection of signature amplicons denoting the presence of specific targets. A digital camera placed in front o f the $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$   
data.

The FilmArray Software automatically interprets the results of each DNA melt curve analysis and combines the data with the results of the internal pouch controls to provide a test result for each organism on the panel.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Luminex $\mathbf { x T A G } ^ { \otimes }$ Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) is a qualitative, multiplexed in vitro diagnostic assay intended to simultaneously detect and identify microorganism nucleic acids from human stool samples. Testing is performed on pre-treated human stool samples. Table 2 outlines the similarities between the two systems and Table 3 outlines the differences.

Table 2. Similarities Between the FilmArray GI Panel and the Luminex $\mathbf { x T A C } ^ { \otimes }$ Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP).   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray GI Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex xTAG® GastrointestinalPathogen Panel (GPP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismsDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter, toxigenic Clostridiumdifficile, Salmonella, Norovirus GI/GII,Rotavirus A, Cryptosporidium, Giardialamblia, E. coli O157, Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC), EnterotoxigenicE. coli (ETEC), and Shigella/EnteroinvasiveE. coli (EIEC).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSee below for differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA/RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex nucleic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSee below for differences</td></tr></table>

Table 3. Differences Between the FilmArray Gl Panel Test System and the Luminex xTAG" Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP).   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Gl Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex xTAG® GastrointestinalPathogen Panel (GPP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human stool sample collected in CaryBlair transport media.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-treated human stool sample.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismsDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detects the following Campylobacterspecies: C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis.Also detects additional Crypiosporidiumspecies, Plesiomonas shigelloides, Vibrio(V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V.cholerae), V. cholerae, Yersiniaenterocolitica, Adenovirus F40/41,Astrovirus, Sapovirus (Genogroups I, II,IV, and V), Cyclospora cayetanensis,Entamoeba histolytica, EnteropathogenicE. coli (EPEC), Enteroinvasive E. coli(ElEC), and Enteroaggregative E. coli(EAEC).                                .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detects the following Campylobacterspecies: C. jejuni, C. coli, and C. lari. Onlydetects the following Cryptosporidiumspecies: C. parvum and C. hominis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nested multiplex RT-PCR followed byhigh resolution melting analysis to confirmidentity of amplified product.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex RT-PCR and multiplex TSPEfollowed by Fluorescence-activated sortingof labeled beads coupled to streptavidin-conjugated biotinylated products.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleic Acid Purification SystemPCR ThermocyclerLuminex® 100/200T or MAGPIXinstruments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than 1 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 5 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents stored at 4°C and -20°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparationMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Processing is automated in theFilmArray Instrument.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up front sample processing is required toextract nucleic acid.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestInterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation and reportgeneration. User cannot access raw data.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-automated test interpretation. Usermust review all &quot;no call&quot; results todetermine cause and retesting strategy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two controls are included in each reagentpouch to control for sample processing andboth stages of PCR and melt analysis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal control added to each sample.External control processed with each batchof samples.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

# Clinical Performance

The clinical performance of the FilmArray GI Panel was established during a multi-center study conducted at four geographically distinct U.S. study sites (Pacific, North Central, Great Lakes, and Northeast regions) between May and September, 2013. A total of 1578 prospective residual stool specimens in Cary Blair transport media were acquired for the clinical study; 22 of these were excluded. The most common reasons for exclusion were that a valid external control was not completed on the day of testing, that the specimen was not plated to all of the appropriate bacterial culture media required for the reference method, or that the specimen was beyond four days from the date of collection. The final data set consisted of 1556 specimens. Table 4 provides a summary of demographic information for the 1556 specimens included in the prospective study.

Table 4. Demographic Summary for Prospective FilmArray Gl Panel Clinical Evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective Study Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1556</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>718 (46%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>838 (54%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121 (8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>418 (27%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193 (12%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240 (15%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-64 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>411 (26%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65+ years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173 (11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outpatient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1350 (87%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hospitalized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164 (11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emergency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 (3%)</td></tr></table>

The performance of the FilmArray GI Panel was evaluated by comparing the FilmArray Gl Panel test result for each member of the panel with the appropriate comparator/reference methods shown in the table below.

Table 5. Comparator Methods for FilmArray GI Panel Clinical Evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Test Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference/Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Stool culture(Blood agar, Blood agar with Ampicillin,MacConkey agar, Sorbitol-MacConkey agar, GNbroth + Hektoen enteric agar, Campylobacter agar,Cefsulodin-IrgasanTM-Novobiocin agar, andThiosulfate Citrate Bile Salts agar) with standardmanual and automated microbiological/biochemicalidentification methods</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli O157a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio and V. cholerae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC (stx1/2)</td><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>PCR with Bi-directional Sequencingh</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ETEC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPEC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EIEC/Shigella</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EAEC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus F 40/41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Astrovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus Gl/GI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile toxin A/B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclospora cayetanensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td></tr></table>

T        A of E. coli O157 detected or not detected for specimens in which FilmArray detecled STEC. sequenced using an assay capable of providing species information (c.g., 16S). A result for EPEC is only reported in the absence of STEC (same algorithm as FilmArray). purposes only. CDC Calicinet assays (non-sequenceable) were usd or the comparator method for Norovirus. Spiu cars llat s  bli s not sequenceable. EPY $a _ { G }$ lacoparar assys consist e wel-vliatquen assy nd  publihass at not sequenceable. PCRassys wee esig tply f se han thos ae by FilArray G.Posi esus fo sequenceable assays required a sequencing result of adequate quality to match a sequence of the expected organism/gene deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBl) GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov), with an acceptable E-value.

A total of 1556 specimens were evaluated in this study. Of these specimens, 832 $( 5 3 . 5 \% )$ were positive for at least one analyte. Clinical sensitivity or positive percent agreement (PPA) was calculated as $1 0 0 \% \textbf { X }$ (TP / $\left( \mathsf { T P } + \mathsf { F N } \right) ,$ . True positive (TP) indicates that both the FilmArray GI Panel and reference/comparator method had a positive result for this specific analyte, and false negative (FN) indicates that the FilmArray result was negative while the comparator result was positive. Specificity or negative percent agreement (NPA) was calculated as $100 \% \mathbf { x }$ (TN/(TN + FP)). True negative (TN) indicates that both the FilmArray GI Panel and the

reference/comparator method had negative results, and a false positive (FP) indicates that the FilmArray GI Panel result was positive but the comparator result was negative. The exact binomial two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval was calculated. The results are summarized in Table 6.

Table 6. FilmArray GI Clinical Performance Summary   

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Sensitivity/PPA</td><td colspan="2">Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td>Bacteria</td><td>TP/(TP + FN) %</td><td>95% CI</td><td>TN/(TN + FP) %</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis)</td><td>34/35b 97.1</td><td>85.1-99.9</td><td>1497/1521b</td><td>98.4 97.7-99.0</td></tr><tr><td>Clostridium difficile toxin A/B</td><td>163/165c 98.8</td><td>95.7-99.9</td><td>1350/1391c</td><td>97.1 96.0-97.9</td></tr><tr><td>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td>3/3 100</td><td>29.2-100</td><td>1538/1553d</td><td>99.0 98.4-99.5</td></tr><tr><td>Salmonella</td><td>31/31 100</td><td>88.8-100</td><td>1519/1525</td><td>99.6 99.1-99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V. cholerae)</td><td>0/0 -</td><td>-</td><td>1554/1556</td><td>99.9 99.5-100</td></tr><tr><td>Vibrio cholerae</td><td>0/0 -</td><td>-</td><td>1555/15568</td><td>99.9 99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td>1/1 100</td><td>N/A</td><td>1555/1555</td><td>100 99.8-100</td></tr><tr><td>Diarrheagenic E. coli/Shigella</td><td>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td></td><td>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Enteroaqggregative E. coli (EAEC)</td><td>TP/(TP + FN) %</td><td>95% CI</td><td>TN/(TN + FP) 1446/1473h</td><td>% 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td>Enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC)</td><td>82/83 98.8 314/317 99.1</td><td>93.5-100 97.3-99.8</td><td>1167/1201&#x27;</td><td>98.2 97.3-98.8</td></tr><tr><td>Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC) lt/st</td><td>22/22 100</td><td>84.6-100</td><td>1525/1534</td><td>97.2 96.1-98.0 99.4 98.9-99.7</td></tr><tr><td>Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli</td><td></td><td></td><td>1518/1523k</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(STEC) stx1/stx2 E. coli O157</td><td>33/33 100</td><td>89.4-100</td><td></td><td>99.7 99.2-99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Shigella/Enteroinvasive E. coli</td><td>3/3 100</td><td>29.2-100</td><td>34/351 1505/1507</td><td>97.1 85.1-99.9</td></tr><tr><td>(EIEC)</td><td>47/49 95.9 Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)a</td><td>86.0-99.5</td><td>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td>99.9 99.5-100</td></tr><tr><td>Parasites Cryptosporidium</td><td>TP/(TP + FN) %</td><td>95% CI</td><td>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td>% 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td>18/18 100 19/19 100</td><td>81.5-100 82.4-100</td><td>1532/1538m 1537/1537</td><td>99.6 99.2-99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td>0/0. -</td><td></td><td>1556/1556</td><td>100 99.8-100 100 99.8-100</td></tr><tr><td>Giardia lamblia</td><td>20/20 100</td><td>-</td><td>1529/1536&quot;</td><td>99.5 99.1-99.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td>83.2-100</td><td>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Viruses</td><td>TP/(TP + FN) %</td><td>95% Cl</td><td>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td>% 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus F 40/41.</td><td>42/44° 95.5</td><td>84.5-99.4</td><td>1499/1512</td><td>99.1 98.5-99.5</td></tr><tr><td>Astrovirus</td><td>717 100</td><td>59.0-100</td><td>1548/1549P</td><td>99.9 99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Norovirus GI/GII</td><td>52/559 94.5</td><td>84.9-98.9</td><td>1483/15019</td><td>98.8 98.1-99.3</td></tr><tr><td>Rotavirus A</td><td>6/6 100</td><td>54.1-100</td><td>1538/1550</td><td>99.2 98.7-99.6</td></tr><tr><td>Sapovirus (Genogroups I, I, IV, and</td><td>46/46 100</td><td>92.3-100</td><td>1497/1510s</td><td>99.1 98.5-99.5</td></tr><tr><td>V)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

ifici peformanc  report s posiive percnt agrcment and negativ percent agrement, nd $E _ { * }$ coli 0157 C h VVo

i other analytes, for which PCR/sequencing assays were used as comparator methods.

Campylobacter was detected in 19/24 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

$c _ { C }$ i  eec  ativ es nd/  piv eces uial analvsis.

${ \textsc { d } } _ { P }$ shigelloides was detected in 15/15 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

Imonella was detected in 6/6 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

ibrio was detected in 2/2 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

cholerae was detected in the single false positive specimen using bi-dircctional sequence analysis

EC was detected in 27/27 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

EPEC was detected in 23/34 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis

ETEC was detected in $6 / 9$ false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis. The three remaining false positive nstance). These bacteria contain a variant of the ${ \mathit { f i P } }$ gene with sequence similarity to assay primers.

STEC was detected in 5/5 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

$^ { 1 } E$ coli O157 was detected in the single false positive specimen using bi-directional sequence analysis $^ { \circ } G .$ to be caused by cross-reactivity with Bifidobacterium longum and Ruminococcus callidus.

a et eive n  osv e sal analysis

Astrovirus was detected in the single false positive specimen using bi-directional sequence analysis.

TilArray  decd orviale gativ es whe stoous s tec/2 remaining false negative specimens and 8/18 false positive specimens using bi-dirctional sequence analysis.

Zotavirus A was detected in 1 1/12 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

FilmArray GI reports genus level (or multiple species group) results for three bacterial analytes; i.e., Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis), Salmonella, and Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V. cholerae). Standard laboratory methods identified various species/serovars within each of these groups during the clinical evaluation. Where standard methods did not provide a species identification, bi-directional sequencing was used to identify the species of the isolate. Stratification of performance by species/serovar is presented below. For Vibrio, no organisms were isolated by the culture methods; however, bi-directional sequencing from the original specimens identified one $V .$ parahaemolyticus and one $V .$ cholerae.

Table 7. Campylobacter Clinical Performance Stratified by Species   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. jejunt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/31 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. jejuni subsp. doylei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1 (0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. upsaliensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/35 (97.1%)95%CI = 81.3-99.3%</td></tr></table>

a Fifteen (15) Campylobacter were not speciated by the source laboratory and wcre subject to sequencing of the cadF gene. This method identified 11 C. jejuni. two C. coli, one $C .$ jejuni subsp. doylei, and one $C .$ upsaliensis.

isolates provided by the laboratory identified them as $C .$ jejuni. However, molecular testing of the specimen from which the isolates were obtained also detected the presence of $C$ upsaliensis, representing co-infection by these two species.

Table 8. Salmonella Clinical Performance Stratified by Species/Serovar   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella species/serovar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Enteritidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Typhimurium (i:-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Typhimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Javiana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Newport</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Agbeni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Berta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Ealing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Gaminara</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Infantis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Mbandaka</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Miami</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Muenchen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Paratyphi B var L-Tartrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. enterica ser. Thompson</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/31 (100%)95%CI = 88.8-100%</td></tr></table>

The FilmArray GI Panel reported multiple organism detections (i.e., mixed infections) for a total of 262 specimens. This represents $3 1 . 5 \%$ of positive specimens (262/832) and $1 6 . 8 \%$ of all specimens (262/1556). The majority of multiple detections (199/262; $7 6 . 0 \%$ contained two organisms, while $1 9 . 1 \%$ (50/262) contained three organisms, $3 . 4 \%$ (9/262) contained four organisms, $1 . 1 \%$ (3/262) contained five organisms, and $0 . 4 \%$ (1/262) contained six organisms. The three organisms that were most prevalent in co-infections were also the three most prevalent organisms in the study as a whole (i.e., EPEC, C. difficile, and EAEC). Out of the 262 specimens with multiple detections, 144 specimens $( 5 5 . 0 \%$ ; 144/262) were concordant with the reference methods. One hundred eighteen specimens $( 4 5 . 0 \%$ ; 118/262) contained one or more organisms that had not been detected by the reference/comparator methods (i.e., 139 false positive results); however, bi-directional sequence analysis confirmed the presence of the analyte for $8 8 . 5 \%$ (123/139) of the discrepant results.

Table 9. Prevalence of Analytes in Mixed Infections as determined by the FilmArray GI Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prevalence inMixed InfectionsN = 262</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile toxin A/B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Diarrheagenic E. coli/Shigella</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC) lt/st</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli (STEC)stx1/stx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli O157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella / Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Parasites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus F 40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Astrovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus Gl/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6%</td></tr></table>

The most prevalent mixed infection was C. difficile with EPEC $( 2 . 0 \%$ of all specimens; 32/1556) followed by EAEC with EPEC ( $1 \%$ of all specimens; 15/1556); as previously stated these were the most prevalent organisms detected in the study. Mixed infections were observed for all combinations of analyte classes (e.g. bacteria with viruses, diarrheagenic $E .$ coli/Shigella with parasites) and co-infections were observed within classes (e.g. three diarrheagenic $E .$ coli/Shigella combined; ETEC, EAEC, and STEC).

Table 10. Most Prevalent Multiple Detection Combinations $\mathord {  } \geq 5$ instances) as Determined by the FilmArray Gl Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Detection Combination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSpecimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile toxin A/B + EPEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EAEC + EPEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter + EPEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPEC + Sapovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus + EPEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPEC + Norovirus Gl/G1I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile toxin A/B + EAEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile toxin A/B + Norovirus Gl/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile toxin A/B + STEC stx1/stx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPEC + ETEC l1/st</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPEC + G. lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPEC + Shigella/EIEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

The overall success rate for initial specimen tests in the prospective study was $9 9 . 4 \%$ (1544/1557). Four tests were incomplete due to software errors (3) or a user aborted run (1), and nine tests were invalid due to pouch control failures. All specimens but one were retested within four days of specimen collection and were successful after a single retest, for a final success rate of $9 9 . 9 \%$ (1556/1557).

# Testing of Preselected Archived Specimens

Several analytes were either not encountered or had a low prevalence in the clinical study. To supplement the results of the prospective clinical study, an evaluation of 222 preselected archived specimens was performed. These specimens were archived clinical specimens that were selected because they had previously tested positive for one of the following analytes: $E .$ coli O157, P. shigelloides, Y. enterocolitica, Vibrio, Astrovirus, Rotavirus, and $E ,$ histolytica, or had been negative in previous laboratory testing. Prior to testing with the FilmArray GI Panel, the presence (or absence for negative specimens) of the expected analytes was verified in each specimen using analyte-specific PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing.

The specimens were organized into "test panels" and randomized such that the users performing the FilmArray Gl Panel testing were blinded as to the expected test result. A summary of the available demographic information of the tested samples is provided in Table 11 and the results of the FilmArray Gl testing are presented in Table 12.

Table 11. Demographic Summary for Preselected Archived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Preselected Archived Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57 (25.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (21.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117 (52.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (5.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (16.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (6.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-64 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (8.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65+ years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126 (56.8%)</td></tr></table>

Table 12. FilmArray GI Panel Archived Specimen Performance Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="2">Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td></tr><tr><td>TP/(TP + FN) %</td><td>95% CI</td><td>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td>12/12</td><td>100</td><td>73.5-100</td><td>107/107</td><td>100</td><td>96.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Vibrio</td><td>1/1</td><td>100</td><td>N/A</td><td>127/127</td><td>100</td><td>97.1-100</td></tr><tr><td>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td>8/8</td><td>100</td><td>63.1-100</td><td>117/117</td><td>100</td><td>96.9-100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Diarrheagenic E. coli/Shigella</td></tr><tr><td>(STEC) E. coli O157</td><td>19/19</td><td>100</td><td>82.4-100</td><td>0/0</td><td></td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Parasites</td></tr><tr><td>Cryptosporidium</td><td>29/30</td><td>96.7</td><td>82.8-99.9</td><td>66/66</td><td>100</td><td>94.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td>2/2</td><td>100</td><td>15.8-100</td><td>123/123</td><td>100</td><td>97.0-100</td></tr><tr><td>Giardia lamblia</td><td>26/26</td><td>100</td><td>86.8-100</td><td>66/66</td><td>100</td><td>94.6-100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td>Astrovirus</td><td>31/32</td><td>96.9</td><td>83.8-99.9</td><td>91/91</td><td>100</td><td>96.0-100</td></tr><tr><td>Rotavirus A</td><td>29/29</td><td>100</td><td>88.1-100</td><td>65/65</td><td>100</td><td>94.5-100</td></tr></table>

o o-15TE w ev  cul o la $E$ coli 0157.

# Testing of Contrived Specimens

Several analytes, such as Entamoeba histolytica, are so rare that both prospective and archived testing efforts were insufficient to demonstrate system performance. To supplement the prospective and archived data, an evaluation of contrived specimens was performed. Surrogate clinical specimens were prepared using residual specimens from the prospective clinical study that had previously tested negative for all GI panel analytes by FilmArray GI and comparator methods. Specimens were spiked at clinically relevant levels using five different quantified

strains for each organism (or unspiked; at least 50 of each). The analyte status of,each contrived specimen was blinded to the users analyzing the specimens, and the specimens were randomized before testing. The results of the FilmArray GI testing are presented in the table below:

Table 13. FilmArray GI Panel Performance using Contrived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)TP/(TP + FN)      %        95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)TN/(TN + FP)      %       95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.7-95.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105/105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112/115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6-99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V. choleraeb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5-92.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110/110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110/110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7-100</td></tr></table>

was not detected) an48/50 on- $\mathbf { \delta } \cdot \mathbf { \vec { \mathbf { y } } } ^ { r } .$ cholerae (four $V .$ parahaemolyticus strains and one $V .$ vulnicus strain wee used in sing two specimens spiked with $V _ { \ast }$ parahaemolyticus near the assay limit of detection were not detccted). CB assay was positive for nine of these specimens.

# Selected Analytic Studies

# Limit of Detection

A study was performed to determine the analytical sensitivity, or limit of detection (LoD), of the FilmArray GI Panel for each test result included in the panel. LoD (or $\mathrm { L o D } _ { 9 5 }$ ) is defined as the lowest concentration of organism that can be consistently detected $( \geq 9 5 \%$ of samples test positive) in the defined sample type (stool in Cary Blair transport medium).

The LoD for each organism was estimated with limiting dilutions as single-spiked and multispiked samples (up to four organisms per mix), to provide an estimated LoD concentration, and to determine whether assay sensitivity is affected by the presence of multiple panel organisms in a single sample.

Confirmation of LoDs was performed by spiking organism (single or multi-spike) at the LoD estimate determined by the dilutions series, into 20 independent stool samples. LoD was confirmed when the correct organism/assay results were obtained from at least 19 of the 20 samples $( 1 9 / 2 0 = 9 5 \%$ tested.

Table 14. Table of Confirmed Limit of Detection (LoD) for GI Panel Analytes   
BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray GI Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GI Panel Test Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species/Isolate Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Confirmed LoDConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection at LoDConcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BACTERIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Campylobacter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coliATCC 3559</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">4 x 10 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuniATCC BAA-1234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter upsaliensisATCC BAA-1059</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Clostridium difficile (toxin A/B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficileToxinotype 0 A+B+ATCC 9689</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 x 10 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (NAP1)Toxinotype III A+B+Zeptometrix #801619</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 x 104 cclls/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloidesATCC 14029</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 1 0^3 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Salmonella</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella bongori O66:H-1z41:H2-SGSC RKS#3041 SarC11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica ssp. enterica SerovarTyphimurium01,4.[5],12:H1:H21.2SGSC RKS#4194 SarC1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 10^{3 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Vibrio andVibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraeOgawa serotype O:1ATCC 14035</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 x 10^³ cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticusATCC 17802</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 x 104 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocoliticaATCC 9610BiovarI serogroup O:8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 104 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIARRHEAGENIC E. coli/Shigella</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">...</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O92:H33STEC Center # JM221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli E2348/69 O127:H16STEC Center</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10^³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterooxigenic E. col ETEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli H10407 O78:1-111ATCC 35401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 103 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli (STEC)stx1/stx2E. coli 0157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O25:H11ATCC BAA-2196</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10³3 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157:H7ATCC 43895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10° CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Shigella/Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O29:NMATCC 43892</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 10^³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonneiATCC 29930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CFU/ml.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PARASITES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">. “</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cryptosporidium </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium parvumlowa isolate (Harley Moon)Waterborne, Inc. P102C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5 x 10^3 oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium hominisClinical Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclospora cayetanensisClinical Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180 genomecquivalents(GE)/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica HM-1:IMSSATCC 30459</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 10^{ clls/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia lamblia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis (aka G. lamblia)ATCC 30957</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIRUSES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">....</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Adenovirus F 40/41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus F40ATCC VR-931</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus F41ATCC VR-930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Astrovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Astrovirus - Type 8                     ©NCPV#1003071v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Norovirus Gl/GII</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GlClinical Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1 x 104 RNAcopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GIIClinical Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus A - Type G4 [P6]NCPV#0904053v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10^{ FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sapovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sapovirus (Genogroup [)Clinical Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 x 10' RNAcopies /mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr></table>

similar to that of C. parvum and C. hominis.

# Inclusivity

The analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the FilmArray GI Panel was evaluated with a collection of 270 isolates that represent the diversity of the FilmArray GI Panel analytes. Isolates were selected to represent relevant subspecies or serotypes and selection was biased toward more common species and known human pathogens. When possible, in silico analysis of sequence data was used to make predictions of assay reactivity for less common species, strains, serovars, or serotypes that were not tested.

Organisms were tested at concentrations near the limit of detection (LoD). If a sample containing a particular strain was positive (detected) at the initial test level, no further testing was required. If a strain was not detected, the strain was retested at the same level (up to five additional times) and if necessary, additional testing was performed at 10- and 100-fold higher concentrations to determine if the strain can be detected by the GI Panel. Based upon predicted assay reactivity, a few select isolates were initially tested at a high concentration, followed by evaluation at lower concentrations if detection was observed. Results are provided below for each FilmArray GI Panel test result.

Table 15. FilmArray Campylobacter Inclusivity Results (C. coli/C. jejuni/C. upsaliensis)   
BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray GI Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Campylobacter cola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1061</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI HM-296</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^{}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC43485</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43478</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^\f}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33559b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 10^4$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Campylobacter jejuni subsp. doyler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49349</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49351</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 106}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100×LoDc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43430</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1234b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI NR-128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^{}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Campylobacter upsaliensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1059</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 24191</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43953</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43954d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 106$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detectedd</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49815</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI HM-297</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr></table>

In  h  v $\mathfrak { W } / 1 3 8 \ : C .$ coli sequences. b Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay. In slco analysis indicates priermismathes that might lead to reduc assay ensitiviyor his subspe.

Table 16. FilmArray Clostridium difficile toxin A/B Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxinotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">0A+B+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9689</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 10 \}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1382</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17857</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17858</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10 }$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43594</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43596</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43599</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51695</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700792</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">III A+B+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1805(NAPI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix#0801619 (NAP1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VA+B+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1875</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIII A-B+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43598</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10 6}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XA-B+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 8864</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XII A+B+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XXII A+B (unknown)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1814</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr></table>

a This isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay.

Table 17. FilmArray Plesiomonas shigelloides Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GeographicI solation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected (cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC 3085-55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC 16408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dakar. Scnegal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51572</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51903</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorado</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDPH HUM-2011019465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Czech Republic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIPH-Czech Republic 6300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

This isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay. The organism was quantified in CFU/ml, by plate enumeration.

Table 18. FilmArray Salmonella Inclusivity Results   
BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray Gl Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Organism(species, subspecies, and serovar)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Salmonella bongori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 3041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 10946</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 3044</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. salamae lI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 2985</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. arizonae IIla</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 2980</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. diarizonae IIlb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 2978</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. houtenae IV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 3027</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. indica VI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 2995</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonellaenterica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Typhimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SGSCRKS 4194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0 x 10^3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IxLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="20">Organism(species, subspecies, and serovar)subsp. entericab     EnteritidisNewportJavianaHeidelbergMontevideo1 4,[5],12:i:-OranienburgSaintpaulMuenchenBraenderupInfantisThompsonMississippiParatyphi B var. L(+)tartrate+(formerly java)Typhi (Purified DNA)bAgonaSchwarzengrundBareillyHadar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enteritidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-708</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Newport</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27869</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Javiana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10721</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heidelberg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8326</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Montevideo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-710</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 4,[5],12:i:-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cornell CU0580</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oranienburg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saintpaul</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9712</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Muenchen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8388</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Braenderup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Infantis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-1675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thompson</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8391</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mississippi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cornell CU0633</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paratyphi B var. L(+)tartrate+(formerly java)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 9561</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Typhi (Purified DNA)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC700931D-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agona</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51957</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Schwarzengrund</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 21280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bareilly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hadar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC51956</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr></table>

This isolate was used to stablish the Lo for this asay. The organim was quantifed in U/m by plat enumeration. b Purified DNA was quantified in $\mathrm { G E / m l }$ by spectrophotometer.

Note: In addition to those evaluated in this study, in silico sequence analysis indicates the FilmArray Salmonella assay should react with all species and subspecies of Salmonella, including all serotypes of S. enterica subsp. enterica.

Table 19. FilmArray Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V. cholerae) and Vibrio cholerae Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Organism(species, biotype and serotype)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Vibriocholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O:1 Ogawa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0 x 10^}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O: 1 Inaba,, Biotype El Tor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O: Ogawa, Biotype El Tor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>non-O: 1,non-O:139 (0:2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr></table>

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray GI Panel

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Organism(species, biotype and serotype)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>non-O: 1,non-O:139 (0:7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BE1 NR-152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 10^4$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O:1 lnaba, Biotype El Tor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=2>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 17802a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27969</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 10 }$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33845</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.4 x 10^\}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-21990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.4 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-21992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=2>Vibrio vulnificus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.4 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33817</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.4 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.4 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 10^4$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3xLoD</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay.

Note: In the clinical evaluation, a Vibrio carrying a variant toxR sequence was not detected by the Vchol assay and very rare strains of pathogenic V. cholerae that do not carry that toxR gene will also not be detected by the Vchol assay.

Table 20. FilmArray Yersinia enterocolitica Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/IsolateID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multipleof LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Yersiniaenterocolitica</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9610a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0:5,27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 10463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0:3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0:9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 55075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay. The organism was quantified in CFU/mL by plate enumeration.

Note: In addition to those evaluated in this study, in silico sequence analysis indicates the FilmArray Yersinia enterocolitica assay should react with all strains/serotypes of Y. enterocolitica (including O:1, 2a, 3; 0:2a,3; 0:4,32; 0:12,25; 0:13a,13b; O:19; 0:20; and 0:21).

Table 21. FilmArray Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC) Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multipleof LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E. coli(EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>092:H33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC CenterJM221^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IxLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0162:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 92.0148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>017:H6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 92.0142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04:H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 92.0144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>051:H11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 92.0143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>068:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 92.0154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>07:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 92.0151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>044:H18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center O42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0104:H4(Purified DNA)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2011 EuropeanOutbreak strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3xLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ond:H10d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center 101-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetecteda</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay.The organism was quantified in CFU/mL by plate enumeration. Purified DNA was quantified in $\mathrm { G E / m L }$ by spectrophotometer. c Isolate has genetic characteristics consistent with STEC and EAEC. cAE but o  ot carry h arkr) dte b the FiArry G nelAassy

Table 22. FilmArray Enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC) Inclusivity Results   
Table 23. FilmArray Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC) lt/st Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Typical/Atypical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>EnteropathogenicE. coli (EPEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0127:H6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Typical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC CenterE2348/69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O128:H2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atypical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center DEC1 1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3}}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111la:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center Stoke W</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0142:H6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Typical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center E851/71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O55:H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atypical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center DEC5A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0114:H2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Typical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center 3448-87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{}}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0119:H+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC CenterRN410/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>096:H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center HSP19/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>086:Hnm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center E990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O55:H-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC CenterMA551/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay. The organism was quantified in CFU/mL by plate enumeration.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST/LT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>EnterotoxigenicE. coli (ETEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078:H11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA (+)/LT(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0175:H15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(-)/LT(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 6.0671</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0149:H5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA (-)/LT(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 6.1182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>084:H28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(-)/LT(+)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 7.1493</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detectedb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA (+)/LT(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 10.0049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(+)/LT(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 9.1809</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0145:H25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(+)/LT(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 10.0136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 104$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xLoDc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(+)/LT(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 2.1507</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>019:H5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(+)/LT(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 5.0038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(+)/LT(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 10.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STA(+)/LT (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 93.0045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$STB(+)^}$STA()/LT()</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 8.2425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 109$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detectedd</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$STB (+)^}$STA(-)/LT()</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penn State 9.1179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detectedd</td></tr></table>

la as us tablh  o hi assayhegn s quan nU/by pla . v The FilmArray Gl Panel will not detect phenotypic ETEC that that express only heat-stable toxin ST2/STB or heat-labile toxin LT-II.

Ta.FilArray Siga-ike toxi prouci col T tx/tx anco57 Incuiviy Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">stx1/stx2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multipleof LoDDetectedSTEC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple ofLoDDetected0157</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Shiga-liketoxinproducingE. coli(STEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">STEC (non-O157)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">025:H11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-2196a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x 10^3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0113:H21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">045:H2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center DEC11C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0103:H2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/Unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center 107-226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^{3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0104:H21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center G5506</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0111:NM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center95-3208</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0111:H2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center RD8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0111:H8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center DEC8B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0121:H19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center F6173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^{</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">stx1/stx2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multipleof LoODDetectedSTEC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple ofLoDDetected0157</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">026:NM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC CenterDA-22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">026:H11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC CenterH19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0145:NM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC CenterGS G5578620</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0104:H4b(PurifiedDNA){</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-2326D-5b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 103c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">STEC O157</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:NM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC CenterDA-26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^{3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-+$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center E32511</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10{3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:HNT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC CenterDA-74      .</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10^3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+/+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center A8993-CS2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30×LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Non-STEC 0157</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-/-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43888</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A^$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0157:H45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC Center SC373/2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ad</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to establish the LoD. The organism was quantified in CFU/mL by plate enumeration. Europe Outbre Strasolate as nc characis consistnt wi TE and EAEC. c Purified DNA was quantified in $\mathrm { G E / m L }$ by spectrophotometer. ${ \mathsf { d } } _ { E }$ coli $\mathrm { O } 1 5 7 \mathrm { N } / \mathrm { A }$ results reported due to lack of positive results for STEC.

Note: Based on in silico analysis, $s t x 2$ subtypes e and f are predicted to be detected with reduced sensitivity or not detected by the FilmArray GI Panel STEC assays.

Table 25. FilmArray Shigella/Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC) Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype(Temporal/Geographic Isolation)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>EnteroinvasiveE. coli (EIEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>029:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>029:HNM (1977)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center 1885-77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0124:HNM (1978)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center 929-78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O29:H27(USA, VA; 1979)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center 1827-79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detectedb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O28:H-(Brazil, 1983)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center LT-15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0136:H-(Bangladesh, 1983)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center LT-41Strain 1111-55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr></table>

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray Gl Panel

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype(Temporal/Geographic Isolation)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Shigella boydii(Serogroup C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 8700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDPH HUM-2010029296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Shigelladysenteriae(Serogroup A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoDc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDPH PHM-2004008089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri(Serogroup B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type la</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDPH PHM-2006004043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29903</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC Center VA-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei(Serogroup D)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 10^{</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 11060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDPH HUM-2010027998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

e s us t tablih the   asshe gn as quan by pla n . This isolate gave the expected STEC Detected and Shigella/EIEC Detected results due to the presence of $s t x$ in Shigella dysenteriae.

Table 26. FilmArray Cryptosporidium Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Geographic Source/Isolate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium canis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peru Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LoDa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scotland Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 x 10^3 b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scotland Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 x 10^$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scotland Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 x 10^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

# BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray Gl Panel

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Geographic Source/Isolate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-2520 (PurifiedDNA Isolate TU502)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium meleagridis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-2521 (PurifiedDNA Isolate TU1867)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium muris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Waterborne P104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5×104oocycts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Waterborne P102C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^2 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scotland Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 10^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scotland Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-2519 (PurifiedDNA [solate Iowa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium ubiquitum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scotland Purified DNAfrom Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LoDa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scotland Purified DNAfrom Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;LoDa</td></tr></table>

Quantification by qPCR indicated that these purified samples have an analye concentration that is lower than the assay LoD. b This C. hominis sample was used to establish the LoD for C. hominis (LoD of $5 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ oocysts/mL was determined to be equivalent to $2 . 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ copies/mL). c This C. parvum isolate was used to establish the LoD for C. parvum (LoD of $5 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ oocysts/mL was determined to be equivalent to $6 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 2 }$ copies/mL).

Note: In silico sequence analysis indicates the FilmArray Cryptosporidium assay(s) should react with approximately 23 different Cryptosporidium species (including those evaluated in this study) as well as sequences not assigned to specific species. In silico analysis predicts that the Cryptosporidium assay(s) may not react with the rare or nonhuman species C. bovis, C. ryanae and C. xiaoi.

Table 27. FilmArray Cyclospora cayetanensis Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Location/Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(GE/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Cyclosporacayetanensis</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Nebraska</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Peru</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen •</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

a Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay.

Table 28. FilmArray Entamoeba histolytica Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StrainDesignation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Location/Yearof Isolation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolyica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HM-1:IMSS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mexico City1967</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1.2 x 10^$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntaHB-301:NIH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Burma 1960</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rahman</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>England 1972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HU-21:AMC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arkansas 1970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-2589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IP:1182:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Honduras 1982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-20088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 10$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAW 408 RR,Clone A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mexico</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-20090</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

Iolate was used to establish the LoD or this assay (LoD o $\overline { { 2 . 0 { \times } 1 0 } ^ { 3 } }$ cells/mL was determined to be equivalent to $\mathord { \sim } 1 . 2 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ copies/ml.).

Table 29. FilmArray Giardia lamblia Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Location/Year ofIsolation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected (cells/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Giardialamblia(aka G.intestinalis orG. duodenalis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Orleans, LA 1985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Portland, OR 1971</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bethesda, MD 1979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Waterborne P101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Egypt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC PRA-243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>United States</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC PRA-247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to cstablish the LoD for this assay.

Table 30. FilmArray Adenovirus F 40/41 Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Adenovirus F 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~2.8×10^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample E239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4×10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV 0101141v(Dugan)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4×10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810084CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4×10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Adenovirus F 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-930 (Tak)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3.0×10^4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix#0810085CF (Tak)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0×104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10×LoDb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UIRF/Zeptometrix305571</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0×104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample 762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0×104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample 976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0×104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample Chn81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0×104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

a Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay. For ATCC VR-9310, the LoD of I $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { \mathrm { s } 0 } / \mathrm { m l } .$ was determined to be equivalent to $2 . 8 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ copies/mL and for ATCC VR-930, the LoD of $1 0 0 \operatorname { \cdot r c l D } _ { 5 0 } / \operatorname { m L }$ was determined to be equivalent to $3 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ copies/mL. bSame strain as ATCC VR-930 (which was detected at ${ \bf \mathsf { I } } \times { \bf \Pi } { \bf \Pi } { \bf \Pi } . { \bf o } { \bf D } _ { \cdot } ^ { \cdot }$ b ai from  dffnt e.

Table 31. FilmArray Astrovirus Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Location/Source/Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>HumanAstrovirus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>China Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>China Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×10&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>University of Barcelona Spain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV #1002072v ·</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA Clinical Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>University of Barcelona Spain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>University of Barcelona Spain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV #1003071va</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1.3×107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr></table>

was use  etablish the oDfor his ay o50 U/ as dee o be euivaent t.3×10 copies/mL).

Table 32. FilmArray Norovirus Gl/Gll Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NorovirusGenogroup/Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID(Clinical Samples)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>NorovirusGI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro1_036a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro1_002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norol_003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro1_012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norol_030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norol_031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norol_021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 10^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norol_009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.0x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20×LoDc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro1_029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro1_034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro G1.8b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>NorovirusGII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro2_013a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 × 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroll.2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>China-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SGB_038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI-PILOT-SPDRL-077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.0 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20×LoDc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro2_004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.0 x 10 \}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20×LoDc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noro2_032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.0 x 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20×LoDc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCMC_025 (Sydney)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCMC_031 (Sydney)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NYH-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroll.7b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^{3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroll.8b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorolI.12b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroll.16b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroll.20cb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2.0× 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20×LoDc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norol!.20b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6×LoD</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay. b Isolate obtained as RNA extract from a clinical sample. Genotype provided by the source laboratory. olyival  h os thoug some variant strains may b detected with reducsensitiviy or may not be detected due toneficient amplification or exclusion by melt analysis.

Table 33. FilmArray Rotavirus A Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain Designation(Serotype)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST3 (G4P6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV 0904053va</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RV4 (G1P8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV 0904052v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69M (G8P5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV 0904055v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P (G3P1A[8])</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV 0904056v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 x 10^4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wa (G1PIA[8])</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DS-I (G2P1B[4])</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-2550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

Isolate was used to establish the LoD for this assay (LoD of $\overline { { 1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } } }$ FFU/ml. was determined to be equivalent to 3.9 $\mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ copies/mL).

Note: The Rotavirus A assay will also detect reassortant viruses used in vaccine production.

Table 34. FilmArray Sapovirus Inclusivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genogroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID(Clinical Samples)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationDetected(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Sapovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AB_SaV_14a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 106$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>China_56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AB_SaV_03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5x 10^{$ &#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCMC_54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPDRL-006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPDRL-099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SGB-MP-11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapo_03b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapo_06b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapo_09b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapo_02b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3×LoD</td></tr></table>

Clinical Sample was used to establish the LoD for this assay. .

# Exclusivity

The potential for cross-reactivity between assays contained in the FilmArray Gl Panel was evaluated by testing high concentrations of analyte in contrived stool samples. The organisms/viruses tested consisted of on-panel (identified by the GI Panel assays) and off-panel (not identified by the Gl Panel assays) organisms/viruses.

On-panel organisms were tested to verify that they only react with the appropriate assays on the panel. On-panel exclusivity testing included 28 analytes were selected to evaluate the potential for cross-reactivity with other panel assays. This group of organisms was chosen such that at least one positive result would be obtained for each assay in the FilmArray GI Panel. Each organism was tested at a high concentration to show analytical specificity with all FilmArray GI Panel assays.

Organisms for off-panel testing were selected based on a combination of several factors including (1) relatedness to specific species detected by the GI Panel (near-neighbors), (2) clinical relevance, (3) likelihood of being present in stool specimens and (4) genetic similarity to Gl Panel assay primers, as determined by in silico analyses during assay design. When empirical testing of these organisms was not performed, a separate organism-specific in silico analysis of whole genome sequence(s) directed against all Gl Panel primers was attempted for reactivity predictions.

Results are presented for all organisms/viruses that were tested and received the expected FilmArray GI Panel test result(s) (no cross-reactivity, Table 35), followed by a summary of organisms/viruses with which cross-reactivity was observed (Table 36).

<table><tr><td>Abiotrophia defectivia Acinetobacter baumannii Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter mucosalis Desulfovibrio piger Klebsiella oxytoca Ruminococcus flavefaciens Campylobacter rectus Diffusely adherent E.coli Klebsiella pneumoniae Ruminococcus obeum Selenomonas ruminantium</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter showae Escherichia blattae Lactobacillus acidophilus Aeromonas hydrophila Campylobacter sputorum Escherichia fergusonii Lactobacillus reuteri Serratia liquefaciens</td></tr><tr><td>Alcaligenes faecalis Campylobacter ureolyticus Escherichia hermannii Lactococcus lactis Cedecea davisue Escherichia vulneris</td></tr><tr><td>Anaerococcus tetradius Leminorella grimontii Arcobacter cryuerophilus Citrobacter amalonaticus Egglerthella lenta Megamonas hypermegale</td></tr><tr><td>Shewanella algae Arcobacter butzleri Chlamydia trachomatis Edwardsiella tarda Listeria monocylogenes Staphylococcus aureus Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td>Bacillus cereus Citrobacter freundii Enterobacter aerogenes Megasphaeara elsdenii Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Bacteroides fragilis</td></tr><tr><td>Clostridium acetobutylicum Enterobacter cloacae Methanobrevibacter smithii Streptococcus agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td>Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron Clostridium botulinum Enterococcus faecalis Morganella morganii Streptococcus intermedius Clostridium difficile non-loxigenic Enterococcus faecium</td></tr><tr><td>Bacteroides vulgatus Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td>Bifidobacterium adolescentis Clostridium histolyticum Eubacterium cylindroides Peptostreptococcus anuerobius Streptococcus salivarius Bifidobacterium bifidum Clostridium methylpentosum Eubacterium rectale Photobacterium damselae Streptococcus suis</td></tr><tr><td>Bifidobacterium longum2 Clostridium novyi Faecalibacterium prausnitzii Porphyromonas asaccharolytica Trabulsiella guamensis</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter concisus Clostridium perfringens Fusobacterium varium Prevotella melaninogenica Veillonella parvula</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter curvus Clostridium ramosum Gardnerella vaginalis Proteus mirabilis Yersinia bercovieri</td></tr><tr><td>Campylohacter fetus Clostridium septicum Gemella morbillorum Proteus penneri Yersinia frederiksenir</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter gracilis Clostridium sordellii Haemophilus influenzae Proteus vulgaris Yersinia intermedia Hafnia alver Provedencia alcalifaciens</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter helveticus Clostridium tetani Yersinia mollaretii Campylobacter hominis Collinsella aerofaciens Helicobacter fennelliae Pseudomonas aeruginosa Yersinia pseudotuberculosis</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter hyointestinalis Corynebacterium genitalium Helicobacter pylori Ruminococcus bromif&quot; Yersinia rohdei</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter lari</td></tr><tr><td>PROTOZOA/PARASITES FUNGI</td></tr><tr><td>Tested In silico Analysis Only Tested Babesia microti Entamoeba moshkovskii Ancylostoma duodenale Entamoeba hartmanni Aspergillus fumigatus</td></tr><tr><td>Blastocystis hominis Giardia muris Ascaris lumbricoides Entamoeba polecki Candida albicans Conidiobolus lachnodes. Pentatrichomonas hominis Balantidium coli Enterobius vermiculuris Candida catenulate</td></tr><tr><td>Penicillium marneffei Saccharomyces boulardi</td></tr><tr><td>Conidiobolus lohatus Schistosoma mansoni Chilomastix mesnili Enteromonas hominis</td></tr><tr><td>Toxoplasma gondii</td></tr><tr><td>Encephalitozoon hellem Dientamoeba fragilis Isospora belli Encephalitozoon intestinalis Trichomonas tenax Endolimax nana Necator americanus</td></tr><tr><td>Saccharomyces cerevisiae Entamoeba gingivalis Entamoeba coli</td></tr><tr><td>VIRUSES</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Tested In silico Analysis Only</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus A:31 Adenovirus E:4a Coronavirus 229E Enterovirus 68 Adcnovirus G52</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus B:34 Astrovirus variant VAI Coxsackievirus B3 Hepatitis A Norovirus GIV</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus C:2 Astrovirus variant MLB Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Herpes Simplex Type 2 Rotavirus B</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus D:37 Bocavirus Type Echovirus 6 Rhinovirus IA Rotavirus C</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

(   s

Table 36. Observed or Predicted Cross-Reactivity between Gl Panel Assays and Off-Panel Organisms   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Gl Panel TestResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactive Organism(s)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba dispar</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium spp.Ruminococcus spp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterotoxigenic E.coli (ETEC) It/st[ETEC 2 assay]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseriCitrobacter sedlakiiHafnia alverCedeceae davisiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli with variant type III secretion proteinb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio(V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V. cholerae)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio alginolyticusVibrio fluvialisVibrio mimicusGrimoniia (formerly Vibrio) hollisae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia frederiksenirdYersinia kristensenit</td></tr></table>

Cross-reactivity was not observed when tested at high concentration $\overline { { 1 . 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 9 } } }$ cells/mL). However, cross reactivity was n v false positive Salmonella test results exists. Detected at concentrations near the Vibrio assay LoD. $^ { \mathrm { ~ d ~ } } \} .$

# Interference

Substances that could be present in stool samples (preserved in Cary Blair transport medium) or introduced during sample handling were evaluated for their potential to interfere with assay performance. A potentially interfering substance (see Tables 37 - 39) was added to a contrived stool sample by spiking representative GI Panel organisms into negative sample matrix (individual or pooled donor stool in transport medium). Each contrived sample contained a mix of four different organisms, each present at approximately three times $( 3 \times )$ the limit of detection (LoD). Contrived samples without added potentially interfering substances served as positive controls.

Of the endogenous and exogenous substances tested (Table 37), only the bovine-derived mucin gave unexpected results (EPEC was reported in samples that were not spiked with EPEC). An investigation found bacterial nucleic acid in the bovine-derived mucin used as the test substance, and it was determined that the unexpected results were due to EPEC contamination in the commercially prepared mucin.

Table 37. Potentially Interfering Endogenous and Exogenous Substances Tested   

<table><tr><td>Endogenous Substances</td><td colspan="2">Exogenous Substances (including laboratory disinfectants)</td></tr><tr><td>Human Whole Blood</td><td>Bacitracin</td><td>Glycerin</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides</td><td>Doxycycline</td><td>Hydrocortisone</td></tr><tr><td>Cholesterol</td><td>Nystatin</td><td>Loperamide hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td>Fatty acids (palmitic acid)</td><td>Metronidazole</td><td>Magnesium hydroxide</td></tr><tr><td>Fatty acids (stearic acid)</td><td>Naproxen sodium</td><td>Mineral oil</td></tr><tr><td>Bovine Mucin a</td><td>Bisacodyl</td><td>Phenylephrine hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td>Human Bile</td><td>Bismuth subsalicylate</td><td>Sodium phosphate</td></tr><tr><td>Human Urine</td><td>Calcium carbonate</td><td>Nonoxynol-9</td></tr><tr><td>Human stool (overfill of Cary</td><td>Docusate sodium</td><td>Bleach</td></tr><tr><td>Blair vial)</td><td></td><td>Ethanol</td></tr></table>

Unecd E et resul eporeThe preE nucicci in st tial ws conim y independent PCR assays, indicating the unexpeced results wee caused by contamination of the mucin with EPEC.

No inhibition or unexpected test results were obtained in the presence of high concentrations of potentially competing microorganisms (on-panel or off-panel organisms; Table 38). However, Rotavirus A Detected results were reported when Rotavirus A reassortant strains used in the manufacturing of Rotavirus A vaccines were tested (Table 38). Rotavirus A vaccine may be shed in stool following oral administration and Rotavirus A will be detected by the FilmArray GI Panel if vaccine is present in the test sample.

Table 38. Potentially Interfering or Competing Organisms and Vaccine Material Tested   

<table><tr><td>Off-Panel Organisms</td><td>On-Panel Organisms</td></tr><tr><td>Aeromonas hydrophila Bacteroides vulgatus Bifidobacterium bifidum</td><td>Adenovirus F41 Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Human Rhinovirus 87 Non-pathogenic E. coli Helicobacter pylori Saccharomyces boulardii</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>RotaTeq Rotavirus A Vaccine Components Rotavirus reassortant WC3:2-5, R574(9) [ATCC VR-2195]a</td></tr><tr><td>Rotavirus reassortant WI79-4,9 [ATCC VR-2415]a</td></tr></table>

a Reactivity with the FilmArray Rotavirus A assay expected.

Contrived stool samples prepared in various enteric and fixative-containing transport media, including Cary Blair (see Table 39), were evaluated for the potential of different media to interfere with the accuracy of FilmArray GI Panel test results. No interference was observed for samples collected in Protocol Cary Blair or other brands of enteric transport media (Para-Pak Enteric Plus and Para-Pak C&S media; performance of the FilmArray GI Panel has not been established in these media). However, accurate detection of analytes was impaired (false negative results) for samples prepared in media containing fixatives, particularly those containing formalin.

Table 39. Transport Media Tested   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Enteric Transport Media - No Interference Observed</td></tr><tr><td>PROTOCOLTM Cary Blair</td><td>Para-Pak Enteric Plus</td><td>Para-Pak C&amp;Sa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Fixative-containing Transport Media - Interference Observeda</td></tr><tr><td>Modified (Cu) PVA Fixative Para-Pak ECOFIX Fixative</td><td>Para-Pak 10% Formalin Fixativeb Para-Pak LV-PVA Fixative</td><td>Para-Pak SAF Fixativea Para-Pak Zn-PVA Fixative</td></tr></table>

aPerformance has not been established in these media bImpaired detection of analytes (false negative results) obscrved in formalin containing media.

# Reproducibility

A multicenter reproducibility study was performed to determine between-site and overall reproducibility of the FilmArray GI Panel. Reproducibility testing occurred at three test sites using a panel of contrived stool samples, each spiked with various combinations of four different GI Panel analytes. Each analyte was evaluated at three different concentrations (Negative, Low Positive and Moderate Positive).

The study incorporated a range of potential variation introduced by 13 different operators, 4 different pouch lots, and 16 different FilmArray Instruments. Samples were stored refrigerated $( 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ or frozen $\mathrm { ( { \leq } - 7 0 ^ { \circ } C ) }$ prior to testing. Frozen samples were tested on five different days at three testing sites for 90 data points per sample and refrigerated samples were tested on four different days at three testing sites for 108 data points per sample. A summary of results (percent $( \% )$ agreement with the expected result) for each analyte (by site and overall) is provided in Table 40. The reproducibility of Tm for each positive assay is provided in the Table 41.

Table 40. Reproducibility of the FilmArray GI Panel Test Results   
BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray GI Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Concentration   ExpectedOrganism Tested         Tested         Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites(95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CampylobacterjejuniATCC BAA-1234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD1.2x10 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PositiveIxLoD4x104 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>576/576100%(99.4 -100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>.ClostridiumdifficileATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD1.2x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PositiveIxLoD4x10^3 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360/360100%(96.6 -100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Escherichia coli(EPEC)E2348/69(STEC Center,MSU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD3x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PositiveIxLoD1x10^3CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192b100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192b100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192b100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>576/576100%(99.4 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SalmonellaentericaSarC1 (SGSC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD1.5x104 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1xLoD5x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108100%. (96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360/360100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr></table>

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray GI Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">Concentration   ExpectedOrganism Tested         Tested         Result</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Escherichia coli(STEC) 0157ATCC 43895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3xLoD3x10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1xLoD1x10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576/576100%(99.4 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shigella sonneiATCC 29930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3xLoD3x102 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low PositiveIxLoD1x10^2 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576/576100%(99.4 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">VibrioparahaemolyticusATCC 17802</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3xLoD2.4x10° cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1xLoD8x10 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360/360100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">CryptosporidiumparvumWaterborneP102C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3xLoD1.5x104oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 -100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1xLoD5x10³3 oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576/576100%(99.4 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardiaintestinalis(syn. Giardialamblia)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3x LoD150 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36/36100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="4">Concentration   ExpectedOrganism Tested         Tested          ResultATCC 30957            Low PositiveIxLoD        Detected50 cells/mLNotNoneDetected</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low PositiveIxLoD50 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/3683.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/3683.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/3686.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91/10884.3%(77.0 - 91.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360/360100%(96.6 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Adenovirus F41ATTC VR-930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3x LoD300 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1xLoD100 TCIDs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576/576100%(99.4 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Astrovirus(Type 8)NCPV 1003071v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3xLoD150 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1xLoD50 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576/576100%(99.4 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Norovirus GlClinical Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ModeratePositive3xLoD3x104 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/9098.9%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low PositiveIxLoD1x104 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/3093.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87/9096.7%(96.0 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192/192100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">576/576100%(99.4 - 100%)</td></tr></table>

Reproducible, but suboptimal $( < 9 5 \% )$ detection was observed at one or both concentrations in frozen contrived samples. Data presented are from contrived samples stored at ${ \sim } 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 4 days prior to testing. bIncludes N/A results for 60 samples (180 for al sites) spiked with STEC O157. When an STEC is detected. $\aleph / \Delta$ is reported for the EPEC test result, regardless of the status of the EPEC assay.

The reproducibility of Tm for each positive assay was also evaluated and a summary is provided in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 4l. Reproducibility of Tm for Positive FilmArray Gl Panel Assays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Tm Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDevTm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Max -Min)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Bacteria and (Including Diarrheagenic E. coli)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>CampylobacterjejuniATCC BAA-1234</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=2>Campy 1</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3xLoD1.2x105 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1xLoD4x10 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>ClostridiumdifficileATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>Cdifr</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Tm 1</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3xLoD1.2x106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1xLoD4x10 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Tm 2</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3xLoD1.2x106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1xLoD4x105 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Escherichia coli(EPEC)E2348/69(STEC Center,MSU)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=2>Ec eae</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3xLoD3x103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1xLoD1x10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td></tr></table>

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 510(k) FilmArray GI Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Test Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Test Site</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Tm Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StDevTm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Max -Min)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">SalmonellaentericaSarCI (SGSC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Salm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD1.5x10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD5x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="24">Escherichia coli(STEC) 0157ATCC 43895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">0157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD3x10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD1x10*CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">STEC 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD3x10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD1x10'CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">STEC 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD3x10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD1x10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Shigella sonneiATCC 29930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Shig</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD3x10²2 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StDevTm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Max -Min</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1xLoD1x10²2 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">VibrioparahaemolyticusATCC 17802</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Vibrio</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD2.4x105 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD8x10 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Protozoa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">CryptosporidiumparvumWaterborneP102C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Crypt 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD1.5x10oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD5x10^³ oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Crypt 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD1.5x10400cysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD5x103 oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Giardiaintestinalis(syn. G. lamblia)ATCC 30957</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Glam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD150 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.61</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD50 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StDevTm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(MaxMin)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">′Adenovirus F41ATTC VR-930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">AdenoF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD300 TCID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD100 TCIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Astrovirus(Type 8)NCPV 1003071v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Astro</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD150 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD50 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Norovirus GlClinical Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Noro 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Moderate Positive3xLoD3x10' copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.93</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.84</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Low Positive1xLoD1x10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.93</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">± 0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.80</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22</td></tr></table>

two different Tm values are reported (Tm) and $\mathrm { T m } 2$

Re: K140407 Trade/Device Name: FilmArray Gastrointestinal (Gl) Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay Regulatory Class: I1 Product Code: PCH, OOI Dated: February 13, 2014 Received: February 18, 2014

Dear Ms. Lingenfelter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concering your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>See PRA Statement on last page.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement on last page.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K140407</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">FilmArray Gastrointestinal (Gl) Panel indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr></table>

# Indications for Use

The FilArryGastrotestinal Gl)Pnelsa qulitativemuliplexucleiid-basenviodiaoste se wih heFilAystnt.The ilAry   s apablheun u Blair transport media obtained from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of gastrointestinal infection. The l using the FilmArray GI Panel:

Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis)   
Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B   
Plesiomonas shigelloides   
Salmonella Vi(V. parahaemolyticus/V.vulniicus/.choleraincluding speciienticationVibrcholere Yersinia enterocolitica Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli (EAEC) Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) lt/st   
Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2 (including specific identification of the $\pmb { \cal E } .$ coli 0157 serogroup within STEC)   
Shigella/Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC) Cryptosporidium Cyclospora cayetanensis Entamoeba histolytica Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis) Adenovirus F 40/41 Astrovirus   
Norovirus GI/GII   
Rotavirus A   
Sapovirus (Genogroups I, II, IV, and V)

TheFilAry G satsnhe peienttotial no ulut o-n win o cu n e ilAry G .Th eneee myt e the definite cause of the disease.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number o positiv pecimens collected or certain organisms during the prospectiv cnical study, performance characteristics for $E .$ coli O157, Plesiomonas shigelloides, Yersinia enterocolitica, Astrovirus, and Rotavirus A were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens.

harsrntaistolyia ndrparhyicusulnicus, :holerae) were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

NeiA t ha l bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.

Aatrotialiognmultiexuccibaseasslsoi hetectionnenat acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

#

John Hobson -S 2014.05.02 11:59:19 -04'00'

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# 'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden timefor this collection inforation is estmated to average7hours per response, includige time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complee and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

'An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."