# 510(K) Summary

The Summary for this 510(k) submission is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1900 and CFR 807.92

# 510(k) Number:

K140083: Verigene® Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test (EP)

Summary Preparation Date: June 18, 2014

# Submitted by:

Nanosphere, Inc. 4088 Commercial Avenue Northbrook, IL 60062 Phone: 847-400-9000 Fax: 847-400-9176

# Contact:

Noah Lermer, Ph.D. Director, Regulatory Affairs

Proprietary Names:   
For the instrument:   
Verigene® System   
For the assay:   
Verigene® Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test (EP)

# Common Names:

For the instrument:

Bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation

For the assay:

Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test   
Enteric Pathogens identification and differentiation system   
Enteric assay   
Enteric test

# Regulatory Information:

Regulation section:

866. 3990 - Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay

Classification:

Class II

Panel:

Microbiology (83)

Product Code(s):

PCH Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay System PCI Gastrointestinal Bacterial Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-based Assay System 001 Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System

Other codes used by predicate device:

NSU Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems JJH Clinical Sample Concentrator

# Predicate Devices:

$\mathbf { x } \mathrm { T A G } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) (K121894) (Luminex Molecular Diagnostics, Inc.)

# Indications for Use:

The Verigene® Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test (EP) is a multiplexed, qualitative test for simultaneous detection and identification of common pathogenic enteric bacteria and genetic virulence markers from liquid or soft stool preserved in Cary-Blair media, collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of gastrointestinal infection. The test is performed on the automated Nanosphere Verigene System utilizing reverse transcription (RT), polymerase chain reaction (PCR), and array hybridization to detect specific gastrointestinal microbial nucleic acid gene sequences associated with the following pathogenic bacteria:

Campylobacter Group (comprised of C. coli, C. jejuni, and C. lari)   
Salmonella species   
Shigella species (including S. dysenteriae, S. boydii, S. sonnei, and S. flexneri)   
Vibrio Group (comprised of V. cholerae and V. parahaemolyticus)   
Yersinia enterocolitica

In addition, EP detects the Shiga toxin 1 gene and Shiga toxin 2 gene virulence markers. Shiga toxin producing $E .$ coli (STEC) typically harbor one or both genes that encode for Shiga Toxins 1 and 2.

EP is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness, in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological information; however, is not to be used to monitor these infections. EP also aids in the detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

Due to the limited number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Yersinia enterocolitica, Vibrio Group and Shigella species were primarily established with contrived specimens.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

EP results should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Confirmed positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative EP results in the setting of clinical llness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.

# Technological Characteristics:

The Verigene Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test (EP) is a molecular assay which relies on detection of specific nucleic acid targets in a microarray format. For each of the bacterial nucleic acid sequences detected by EP, unique Capture and Mediator oligonucleotides are utilized, with gold nanoparticle probe-based endpoint detection. The Capture oligonucleotides are covalently bound to the microarray substrate and hybridize to a specific portion of the nucleic acid targets. The Mediator oligonucleotides have a region which bind to a different portion of the same nucleic acid targets and also have a sequence which allows binding of a gold nanoparticle probe. Specific silver enhancement of the bound gold nanoparticle probes at the capture sites results in gold-silver aggregates that scatter light with high efficiency and provide accurate detection of target capture.

The EP test is performed on the Verigene System, a "sample-to-result", fully automated, bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation. The System enables automated nucleic acid extraction from unformed stool specimens (liquid or soft) preserved in Cary-Blair media and detection of bacterial-specific target DNA. The Verigene System consists of two components: the Verigene Reader and the Verigene Processor $S P$

The Reader is the Verigene System's user interface, which serves as the central control unit for all aspects of test processing, automated imaging, and result generation using a touchscreen control panel and a barcode scanner. The Verigene Processor $S P$ executes the test procedure, automating the steps of (1) Sample Preparation and Target Amplification  cell lysis and magnetic bead-based bacterial DNA isolation and amplification, and (2) Hybridizationdetection and identification of bacterial-specific DNA in a microarray format by using gold nanoparticle probe-based technology. Once the specimen is loaded by the operator, all other fluid transfer steps are performed by an automated pipette that transfers reagents between wells of the trays and finally loads the specimen into the Test Cartridge for hybridization. Single-use disposable test consumables and a self-contained Verigene Test Cartridge are utilized for each sample tested with the EP assay.

To obtain the test results after test processing is complete, the user removes the Test Cartridge from the Processor $S P _ { : }$ and inserts the substrate holder into the Reader for analysis. Light scatter from the capture spots is imaged by the Reader and intensities from the microarray spots are used to make a determination regarding the presence (Detected) or absence (Not Detected) of a bacterial nucleic acid sequence/analyte. This determination is made by means of software-based decision algorithm resident in the Reader.

# Performance Data - Analytical Testing

Analytical Sensitivity / Limit of Detection (LoD)

Analytical sensitivity (LoD) of the EP test was determined for 16 strains of enteric pathogens, representing all seven (7) EP test reportable target analytes. The LoD was defined as the concentration at which the test produces a positive result at least $9 5 \%$ of the time. Serial dilutions of the strains were tested and the putative LoD confirmed with 20 replicates. To ensure the accuracy of the LoD determination, if the initial detection rate was $100 \%$ , a further 20 replicates were performed at the next lower concentration until $- 9 5 \%$ was achieved. The LoDs for the 16 strains tested, and the corresponding LoD ranges for the EP test reportable target, are shown in the table below. Overall, the LoDs range from $\overline { { 4 . 1 0 { \bf x } 1 0 } } ^ { 3 }$ to $3 . 3 3 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { \frac { 1 } { 5 } } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of stool.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Representative Organism Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCSourceNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismLoD(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableTarge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP Test TargetLoD(CFU/mL Stool)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni subsp jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70x104</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3.70x104 - 1.11x105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11x105}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter lari</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70x104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp enterica serovar typhi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33x10}$</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.33x105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp arizonae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33x10}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae / Shiga Toxin 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella. Stx1</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>3.70x104 - 1.11x105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11x10s}$</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Shigella</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70x104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11x10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11x10}$</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.70x10^ -1.11x10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70x10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33x10$</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Yersiniaenterocolitica</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.11x10 - 3.33x105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11x10}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli - Shiga Toxin I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10x10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stx1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10x103 -3.70x104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli - Shiga Toxin 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11x10^}$</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Stx2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.70x10* - 1.11x105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli - Shiga Toxin 1 / Shiga Toxin 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70x10</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

Analytical reactivity of the EP test was demonstrated with a comprehensive panel of 111 clinically relevant bacterial strains representing temporal, geographical, and phylogenic diversity for each claimed target (see table below). For the Stx1 and $\mathbf { S } \mathbf { t x } 2$ targets, Shiga toxin producing organisms tested included the vast majority of serotypes isolated in the U.S and those that are outbreak-related. All 11 1 strains generated the expected result when tested in triplicate at a concentration of three times LoD.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reportable Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total Number ofOrganisms/StrainsTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Species Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name(No. of Strains)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli (5). C. jejuni subsp jejuni (4). C. jejunisubsp doylei (1). C. lari (5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. bongori (1). S. enterica subsp various (5),S. enterica subsp enterica serovar various (25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. boydii (5). S. dysenteriae (5). S. flexneri (5).S. sonnei (5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V. cholerae (5). V. parahaemolyticus (5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y. enterocolitica (7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga toxin 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysenteriae (2). E. coli (17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga toxin 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli (16)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

Two ( co Sx 5) strais coin both Stx1 n Stx2

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-reactivity)

One-hundred and sixty-one (161) organisms, consisting of 135 bacterial organisms, 21 viruses, four (4) parasites and one (1) human cell line were tested with the EP test to determine analytical specificity (see table below). Eight (8) organisms, including Astrovirus and Sapovirus (2 strains), Campylobacter hominis and all four parasites were tested as genomic DNA/RNA. In addition, to rule out cross-reactivity between the analytes detected by the EP test, six organisms representing all of the EP test detected targets, were tested at elevated concentrations of $\mathsf { \bar { s } } \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ EPY CFU/mL. The exclusivity of 15 species of Vibrio not associated with human infection, four (4) non-pathogenic strains of Escherichia coli, Yersinia pestis, and Clostridium botulinum were evaluated by in silico analysis alone.

All of the organisms tested yielded the expected "Not Detected" results, indicating that there was no cross-reactivity with the EP test, with the exception of Campylobacter insulaenigrae which yielded a single positive result (1/9) for "Campylobacter". In silico analysis also indicates a potential for low-level cross-reactivity. While Campylobacter insulaenigrae has been isolated primarily from marine mammals, in rare cases it may cause septicemia and gastroenteritis in humans

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Organisms Tested for Analytical Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Bacterial Non-Test Panel Members</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bacterial EP Test Panel Members</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Genus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abiotrophia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>defectiva</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=2>Escherichia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>coli (3 strains)</td><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>concisus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acinetobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>coli (EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>curvus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lwoffii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>coli (EPEC)(2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fetus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acrobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>butzleri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>coli (ETEC)(2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gracilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>crvaerophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fergusonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hominis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Aeromonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>allosaccharophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hermannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hyointestinalis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bestiarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fusobacterium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>varium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>insulaenigrae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>caviae</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Helicobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hepaticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lanienae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>encheleia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pylori (4 strains)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mucosalis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>enteropelogenes</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Klebsiella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>oxvtoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rectus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eucrenophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>showae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hydrophilia</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Lactobacillus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sputorum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>jandaei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>reuteri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>upsaliensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>salmonicida*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rhamnosus</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>alginolvticus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>veronii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lactococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>campbellii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alcaligenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Leminorela</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>grimontii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cincinnatiensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cereus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Listeria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gravi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fluvialis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Bacteroides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>caccae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>furnissii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Morganella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>harvevi</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>merdae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Peptostreptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anuerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>metschnikovii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stercoris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Plesiomonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mimicus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Porphyromonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>asaccharoluticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tubiashii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cedecea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>davisae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prevotella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>melaniogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vulnificus (3 strains)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cirobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>amalonaticus</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Proteus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mirabilis</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Yersinia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aldovae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aleksiciae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sedlakii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>penneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bercovieri</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>Clostridium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bifermentans</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Providencia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>frederiksenii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bolteae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>alcalifaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>intermedia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bulvricum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rettgeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>kristensenii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>difficile (2 strains)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Pseudomonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mollaretii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>difficile, non-tox</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fluroescenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pseudotuberculosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>haemolyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>putida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ruckeri</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>methylpentosum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rohdei</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nexile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ruminococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bromii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>novvi</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Serratia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>liquefacians</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serovar / Group</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>orbiscindens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>marcescens</td><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 1/Group C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>perfringens</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Staphylococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 2/Group C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>scindens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 3/Group B1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>septicum</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Streptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agalactiae, O9OR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 4/Group E</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sordellii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 5/Group C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>spiroforme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 14/Group B2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sporogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 26/Group D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colinsella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aerofaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blastocystis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 31/Group A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desulfovibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>piger</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 37/Group D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edwardsiella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tarda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Entamoeba</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 40/Group F</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Astrovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Enterococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>faecalis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Colon epithelial cells(colorectal adenocarcinoma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>* Sub-species masou</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cida and sub-species sa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>monicida (2 strains)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=5></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Norovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genogroup Gl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genogroup GII</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genogroup A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Microbial Interference

Two representative bacterial organisms detected by the EP test, Campylobacter jejuni and Escherichia coli (Shiga toxin 1), were evaluated for potential interference in the presence of 14 potentially interferent microorganisms not detected by the EP test, including Bacteroides fragilis, Prevotella oralis, Prevotella melaninogenicus, Bifidobacterium bifidum, Clostridium perfringens, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterococcus faecalis. Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumonia, Lactobacillus acidophilus. Staphylococcus aureus, Blastocystis hominis, Entamoeba histolytica, and Candida albicans. These 14 microorganisms represent the most prevalent bacteria known to be present in the human colon and therefore are the most likely to be encountered in stool specimens tested with the EP test. These normal flora bacteria were tested at a concentration of $\mathrm { 1 0 ^ { 7 } C F U / m L }$ with the exception of the parasites Blastocystis hominis and Entamoeba histolytica which were tested at $9 \mathrm { { x } } 1 \dot { 0 } ^ { 6 } \ c e l l \dot { \mathrm { { s / m L } } }$ and $7 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cells/mL respectively. No interference was observed with the EP test for any of the samples tested.

# Interference (Exogenous Substances)

A comprehensive interfering substances study was performed to assess the potential inhibitory effect of endogenous and exogenous substances that can commonly be found in clinical stool specimens. Two organisms representative of the target analytes detected by the EP test, i.e., Campylobacter jejuni and Escherichia coli (Shiga toxin 1), were individually challenged with 22 potentially interfering substances (shown in the following table) at high. medically-relevant concentrations. None of the 22 substances tested showed any inhibitory effect on the detection of target enteric pathogens using the EP test.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaseline Original 100% Pure Petroleum Jelly</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tums Antacid with Calcium Extra Strength 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gaviscon Extra Strength Liquid Antacid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucus (Nasopharyngeal swab sample in UTM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin Suspension</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immodium AD Anti-Diarrheal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H® Anti-itch Hydrocortisone 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol Max Strength</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desitin Maximum Strength Original Paste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetronidazoleTopical Cream (0.75%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H® Hemorrhoidal Ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen Sodium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Options Conceptrol®Vaginal Contraceptive Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin from bovine submaxillary glands, Type I-S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wet Ones® Antibacterial Hand Wipes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium Sulfate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Y®Personal Lubricant Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin (Antibiotic)</td></tr></table>

# Carryover / Cross-contamination

The potential for carryover and cross-contamination of the EP test on the Verigene system was assessed by alternately testing six representative high positive enteric pathogen samples (Yersinia enterocolitica, Shigella dysenteriae / Stx1, Escherichia coli / Stx2, Salmonella enterica enterica, Campylobacter jejuni , and Vibrio cholera) at $5 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ , followed by testing a negative stool sample. The high-titer sample was alternated with the negative sample three times on six unique Verigene $S P$ Processors. No carryover or cross-contamination was observed.

# Competitive Inhibition

Binary combinations of all six of the EP test panel organisms representing all possible dual infections were evaluated, using simulated samples prepared in Negative Stool Matrix (NSM), with one panel organism present at a Low Positive titer ( $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD) and a second organism present at a High Positive titer $( > { \dot { 1 } } 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ stool). The performance of the EP test was evaluated with each of the 30 unique sample combinations tested in replicates of three (3). The EP test correctly detected both bacterial target organisms present in the co-infection combinations tested with one exception. For the Low Titer Campylobacter coli and High Titer E. coli/Stx2 sample, the EP test did not detect Campylobacter in one of the three replicates, although Shiga Toxin 2 was correctly identified in all cases. However, repeat testing indicated that this observation was not indicative of competitive inhibition.

# Cutoff Verification

Target mean intensity values observed with the EP test were examined for the testing of the sixteen bacterial samples used to establish the Limit of Detection of the assay. In addition, the cut-off data set included the test results of three negative control samples. With replicates of 20 for each sample and ten target spot groups evaluated per test, a total of 3800 data points (1120 expected positive) were assessed to verify the assay cut-off.

# Precision

The precision study was conducted in-house by Nanosphere, during which a fourteen-member simulated sample panel was tested daily in duplicate by two (2) operators for four (4) non-consecutive days for a total of sixteen (16) tests per sample. In total, the study yielded 224 test results. The fourteen (14) sample panel comprised six (6) different strains at two (2) different concentrations (12 positive samples) and two (2) negative samples (Negative Stool Matrix and Clostridium difficile). This panel included for each strain, a "Low Positive" sample (defined as approximately $_ { 1 - 2 \tt X }$ LoD), which would be expected to produce a positive result approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, and a "Moderate Positive" sample (defined as approximately 2-5x LoD), which would be expected to yield a positive result approximately $100 \%$ of the time. Results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP Test ExpectedCall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreementw/ ExpectedResult(95 % CI)&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP TestExpected Call</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreementw/ ExpectedResult(95 % C1) a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Escherichiacoli/Stx2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>E. coliStx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Campylobacterjejuni</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonellaenterica</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%1/166(69.8%-99.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ShigelladysenteriaeSix1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ShigellaStx1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative StoolMatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Targets NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Targets NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Yersiniaenterocolitica</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Y. enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%16/16(79.4%-100%)</td></tr></table>

3 $9 5 \%$ Two-sided Exact Binomial Confidence Interval calculation using the exact Clopper-Pearson method. b One sample called "Salmonella" and "Stx2."

# Performance Data - Clinical Testing

# Reproducibility

The inter-laboratory reproducibility of the EP test was determined by conducting a reproducibility study at three external sites. Fourteen (14) unique samples were tested daily in triplicate by two (2) operators for five (5) non-consecutive days at three (3) sites for a total of ninety (90) tests per sample. The study tested a total of 1260 samples. The fourteen (14) sample panel was the same panel described previously for the precision study comprising six (6) different strains at two (2) different concentrations (12 positive samples) and two (2) negative samples (Negative Stool Matrix and Clostridium difficile). The results of the Reproducibility Study are provided in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Expected Call</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Agreement with Expected Result(95 % Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Escherichiacoli/Stx2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>E. coliStx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%(82.8-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonellaenterica</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%(77.9-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/3086.7%(69.3-96.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shigelladysenteriae/Stxl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ShigellaStx1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderale</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%(77.9-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%(82.8-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%(82.8-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%(77.9-99.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Yersiniaenterocolitica</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Y. enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%(82.8-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%(77.9-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/3090.0%(73.5-97.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/3083.3%(65.3-94.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Campylobacterjejuni</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative StoolMatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%(88.4-100)</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Study - Method Comparison

The performance characteristics of the EP test were determined in a multi-site prospective investigation study at seven (7) U.S. institutions by comparing the Verigene EP test results to reference methods, including bacterial culture and automated phenotype identification for the bacterial targets and broth enrichment followed by EIA and PCR amplification/BDS for Stx1/Stx2 typing. The study included the testing of prospectively collected fresh and frozen Cary-Blair specimens and simulated frozen seeded Cary-Blair specimens. Deidentified prospectively-collected specimens were enrolled from individuals receiving routine care requiring enteric pathogens testing. Twelve (12) clinical specimen acquisition sites were used to provide glycerol stocks to seed.408 simulated specimens. These specimens were blinded and shipped to the testing sites and tested alongside prospectively collected specimens.

A total of 1975 specimens were tested with the EP test. Ninety-eight (98) specimens were excluded; 95 prospectively collected and selected specimens and three simulated specimens. Of the remaining 1877 valid specimens, 25 specimens had a final "No Call," resulting in 25 indeterminate specimens. Therefore, a total of 1852 evaluable specimens were used to calculate the performance characteristics for the study. The following table provides a summary of demographic information for 1262 of the 1277 prospectively collected specimens in the valid dataset (age was not recorded for 15 specimens).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;5-12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;12-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21-65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>609</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

The table below provides a summary of the clinical performance, stratified by specimen type, of the EP test for the detection of five (5) bacterial targets and Stx1 and Stx2 $\scriptstyle ( 1 1 = 1 8 5 2 )$ compared to the above-described reference methods.

<table><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Ds cqou</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%0 Agreement (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>m (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>citee Ceinn</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Pegecocectc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5%19/21(69.6-98.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%1207/1222(98.0-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Begd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%18/21(63.7.97.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%1215/1222(98.8-99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%2/2(15.8-100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%32/32(89.1-100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cie Cen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Begd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%I/I(2.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%32/33(84.2-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>citee Ceinn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Selected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%39/40(86.8-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%125/126(95.7-100)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>SUps poups</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cie Cen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Selected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%53/54{90.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%111/112(95.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%60/63(86.7-99.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98,8%1364/1380(98.1-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SUps poups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%72/76(87.1-98.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%1358/1367(98.8-99.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%67/68(92.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%341/341(98.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%67/67(94.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%342/342(98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%I27/131(92.4-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%1705/1721(98.5-99.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%139/143(93.0-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%1700/1709(99.0-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>&#x27;dds pds</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cte Chn</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ppodpce</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%2/3(9.4-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%1224/1240(97.9-99.3)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>chie Ccan</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Pogepocecc FreshFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(2.5.100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%33/34(84.7-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(2.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%33/33(89.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cte Chn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Selected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%6/6(54.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%159/160(96.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>dds ot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>chie Ccan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Selected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(2.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%165/165(97.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%8/9(51.8-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%1416/1434(98.0-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>dds ot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%3/3(29.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1440/1440(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%50/50(92.9-100)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%359/359(99.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91.1%51/56(80.4-97.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%58/59(90.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%1775/1793(98.4-99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5%54/59(81.3-97.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1792/1793(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Bie</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ciit Citan</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Peeedcocecc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1243/1243(99.7-100)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ches Cetn</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Poeecoccecte FreshFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%4/4(39.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% ·34/34(89.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%34/34(89.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Selected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(2.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%165/165(97.8-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Selected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%9/9(66.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%156/157(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(2.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%[442/1442(99.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%13/13(75.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%1426/1430(99.3-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simulated</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simulated</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%59/59(93.9-100)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%350/350(99.0-100)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%51/51(93.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%60/60(94.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1792/1792(99.8-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%64/64(94.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%1782/1788(99.3-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cits Citn</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Brocece</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%6/6(54.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%1235/1237(99.4-100)</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=9></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%34/34(89.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Selected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%9/9(66.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%157/157(97.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%15/15(78.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1426/1428(99.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%58/60(88.5-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%348/349(98.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%73/75(90.7-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%1774/1777(99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence

The Verigene® Enteric Pathogen Nucleic Acid Test (EP test) has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the xTAG Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP). The EP test has similar intended use and indications, technological characteristics, and performance characteristics. The minor differences between the EP test and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the EP test is as safe and effective as the predicate device. Thus, the EP test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Element</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test(EP)K140083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:xTAG® Gastrointestinal PathogenPanel (GPP)K121894</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Verigene Enteric Pathogens NucleicAcid Test (EP) is a multiplexed,qualitative test for simultaneous detectionand identification of common pathogenicenteric bacteria and genetic virulencemarkers from liquid or soft stoolpreserved in Cary-Blair media, collectedfrom individuals with signs andsymptoms of gastrointestinal infection.The test is performed on the automatedNanosphere Verigene System utilizingreverse transcription (RT), polymerasechain reaction (PCR), and arrayhybridization to detect specificgastrointestinal microbial nucleic acidgene sequences associated with thefollowing pathogenic bacteria: Campylobacter Group (comprised of C.coli, C. jejuni, and C. lari)Salmonella speciesShigella species (including S.dysenteriae, S. boydii, S. sonnei, and S.flexneri)Vibrio Group (comprised of V. choleraeand V. parahaemolyticus)Yersinia enterocoliticaIn addition, EP detects the Shiga toxin 1gene and Shiga toxin 2 gene virulencemarkers. Shiga toxin producing E. coli(STEC) typically harbor one or bothgenes that encode for Shiga Toxins I and2.EP is indicated as an aid in the diagnosisof specific agents of gastrointestinalillness, in conjunction with other clinical,laboratory, and epidemiologicalinformation; however, is not to be used tomonitor these infections. EP also aids in</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The xTAG® GastrointestinalPathogen Panel (GPP) is a multiplexednucleic acid test intended for thesimultaneous qualitative detection andidentification of multiple viral,parasitic, and bacterial nucleic acids inhuman stool specimens fromindividuals with signs and symptomsof infectious colitis or gastroenteritis.The following pathogen types,subtypes and toxin genes are identifiedusing the xTAG® GPP:Campylobacter (C. jejuni, C. coliand C. lari only)Clostridium difficile (C. difficile)toxin A/BCryptosporidium (C. parvum and C.hominis only)Escherichia coli (E. coli) 0157Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli(ETEC) LT/STGiardia (G. lamblia only - alsoknown as G. intestinalis and G.duodenalis)Norovirus GI/GIIRotavirus ASalmonellaShiga-like Toxin producing E. coli(STEC) stx 1/stx 2Shigella (S. boydii, S. sonnei, S.flexneri and S. dysenteriae)The detection and identification ofspecific gastrointestinal microbialnucleic acid from individualsexhibiting signs and symptoms ofgastrointestinal infection aids in thediagnosis of gastrointestinal infectionwhen used in conjunction with clinicalevaluation, laboratory findings and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">the detection and identification of acutegastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.Due to the limited number of positivespecimens collected for certain organismsduring the prospective clinical study,performance characteristics for Yersiniaenterocolitica, Vibrio Group and Shigellaspecies were primarily established withcontrived specimens.Concomitant culture is necessary fororganism recovery and further typing ofbacterial agents.EP results should not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatment, or otherpatient management decisions.Confirmed positive results do not rule outco-infection with other organisms that arenot detected by this test, and may not bethe sole or definitive cause of patientillness. Negative EP results in the settingof clinical illness compatible withgastroenteritis may be due to infection bypathogens that are not detected by thistest or non-infectious causes such asulcerative colitis, irritable bowelsyndrome, or Crohn's disease.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">epidemiological information. Agastrointestinal microorganismmultiplex nucleic acid-based assayalso aids in the detection andidentification of acute gastroenteritisin the context of outbreaks.xTAG® GPP positive results arepresumptive and must be confirmedby FDA cleared tests or otheracceptable reference methods.The results of this test should not beused as the sole basis for diagnosis,treatment, or other patientmanagement decisions. Confirmedpositive results do not rule outcoinfection with other organisms thatare not detected by this test, and maynot be the sole or definitive cause ofpatient illness. Negative xTAGGastrointestinal Pathogen Panelresults in the setting of clinical illnesscompatible with gastroenteritis may bedue to infection by pathogens that arenot detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerativecolitis, irritable bowel syndrome, orCrohn's disease. xTAG GPP is notintended to monitor or guide treatmentfor C. difficile infections.The xTAG GPP is indicated for usewith the Luminex MAGPIXinstrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Stool sample in Cary-Blair Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNAAmplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organisms/NATargets Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter Group(C. coli, C. jejuni, and C. lari)Salmonella speciesShigella species(S. dysenteriae, S. boydii, S. sonnei, and S.flexneri)Vibrio Group (comprised of V. choleraeand V. parahaemolyticus)Yersinia enterocoliticaShiga toxin 1 gene and Shiga toxin 2 genevirulence markers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same with additional analytes(excluding Vibrio Group and Yersiniaenterocolitica).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Element</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test(EP)K140083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:xTAG® Gastrointestinal PathogenPanel (GPP)K121894</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- 2 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample prep</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board, automated NA extraction andamplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Off-line NA Extraction andamplification</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gold/Silver nanoparticle probe detectionof bacterial-specific DNA oncomplementary oligo- microarray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specific microbial target or controlbead populations coupled to sequencesfrom Universal Array streptavidin, R-phycoerythrin conjugate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OpticalDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light scatter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-color fluorescence</td></tr></table>

NOAH LERMER, Ph.D.   
DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS NANOSPHERE, INC.   
4088 COMMERCIAL AVENUE   
NORTHBROOK IL 60062

Re: K140083 Trade/Device Name: Verigene Enteric Pathogen Nucleic Acid Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal pathogen panel multiplex nucleic acid-based assay system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PCH, PCI, OOI Dated: May 21, 2014 Received: May 22, 2014

Dear Dr. Lermer:

We have reviewed your Section 5l0(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have becn reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination docs not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations adininistered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 89) please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, Interational and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 87.9.For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K140083

Device Name Verigene® Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test (EP)

# Indications for Use (Describe)

uc  uli q -Blco neilvetinpoyha ac pathogenic bacteria:

Campylobacter Group (comprised of C. coli, C. jejuni, and C. lari)   
•Salmonella species   
Shigella species (including S. dysenteriae, S. boydii, S. sonnei, and S. flexneri)   
Vibrio Group (comprised of V. cholerae and V. parahaemolyticus)   
Yersinia enterocolitica

In  ehoh tas t (STEC) typically harbor one or both genes that encode for Shiga Toxins 1 and 2.

detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

l contrived specimens.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

E resul hould not  us  the ol bas r inosis, eaenthe patintmngement dens. C  u h ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.

his section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tme or hi colectionnformation isetmated toveragehours per esponse, indude tme to reviwnstructions, search existing dat sources gather andmaintain he data needed and coplet and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."