LUMINEX MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS, INC. TINA IP   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS ASSOCIATE   
439 UNIVERSITY AVE.   
TORONTO, ONTARIO, M5G 1Y8   
CANADA

Re: K140647 Trade/Device Name: Xtag® Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal pathogen panel multiplex nucleic acid-based assay system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PCH, NSU, JJH Dated: September 15, 2014 Received: September 16, 2014

Dear Ms. Ip:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# forStephen J. Lovell -S

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K140647

Device Name xTAG® Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)

# Indications for Use (Describe)

The xTAG® Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple viral, bacterial and parasitic nucleic acids in human stool specimens or human stool in Cary-Blair media from individuals with signs and symptoms of infectious colitis or gastroenteritis. The following pathogen types, subtypes and toxin genes are identified using the xTAG GPP:

# Viruses

• Adenovirus 40/41 • Norovirus GI/GII • Rotavirus A

# Bacteria

# Parasites

• Cryptosporidium (C. parvum and C. hominis only) • Entamoeba histolytica (E. histolytica) • Giardia (G. lamblia only, also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)

The detection and identification of specific gastrointestinal microbial nucleic acid from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of gastrointestinal infection aids in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal infection when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation, laboratory findings and epidemiological information. A gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay also aids in the detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

# xTAG GPP positive results are presumptive and must be confirmed by FDA-cleared tests or other acceptable reference methods.

The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Confirmed positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative xTAG GPP results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.

xTAG GPP is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infections.

The xTAG GPP test is indicated for use with the Luminex® $1 0 0 / 2 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ and MAGPIX® instruments with xPONENT® software.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This Summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: K140647

Submission Type: Traditional 510(k), New Device

Measurand: A panel of viruses, bacteria and parasites and toxins including: Adenovirus 40/41, Norovirus GI/GII, Rotavirus A, Campylobacter (C. jejuni, C. coli and C. lari only), Clostridium difficile toxin A/B, Escherichia coli (E. coli) O157, Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC) LT/ST, Salmonella, Shiga-like Toxin producing E. coli (STEC) stx 1/stx 2, Shigella (S. boydii, S. sonnei, S. flexneri and S. dysenteriae), Vibrio cholerae (V. cholerae) cholera toxin gene (ctx), Cryptosporidium (C. parvum and C. hominis only), Entamoeba histolytica (E. histolytica), Giardia (G. lamblia only, also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis) and the internal control (bacteriophage MS2).

Type of Test: Qualitative nucleic acid multiplex test

Applicant: Luminex Molecular Diagnostics, Inc., Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Proprietary and Established Names: xTAG® Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)

Regulatory Information:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR866.3990 Gastrointestinal Pathogen PanelMultiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology (83)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NSU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR862.2570 Multiplex Instrument System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology (83)</td></tr></table>

Device Components   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XTAG GPP Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unchanged from k121894</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG® GPP TDAS (Software CD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Revised CD, containing data acquisition protocol and data analysissoftware (updated to include Adenovirus 40/41, V. cholerae and E.histolytica)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex® MAGPIX® instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unchanged from k121894</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xPONENT® Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xPONENT® Software unchanged from k121894</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use:

The ${ \tt x T A G } ^ { \circledast }$ Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple viral, bacterial, and parasitic nucleic acids in human stool specimens or human stool in Cary-Blair media from individuals with signs and symptoms of infectious colitis or gastroenteritis. The following pathogen types, subtypes and toxin genes are identified using the xTAG GPP:

# Viruses

 Adenovirus 40/41  Norovirus GI/GII  Rotavirus A

# Bacteria

 Campylobacter (C. jejuni, C. coli and C. lari only)   
 Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B   
 Escherichia coli (E. coli) O157   
 Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) LT/ST   
 Salmonella   
 Shiga-like Toxin producing E. coli (STEC) stx 1/stx 2   
 Shigella (S. boydii, S. sonnei, S. flexneri and S. dysenteriae) Vibrio cholerae (V. cholerae) cholera toxin gene (ctx)

# Parasites

 Cryptosporidium (C. parvum and C. hominis only)   
 Entamoeba histolytica (E. histolytica)   
 Giardia (G. lamblia only, also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)

The detection and identification of specific gastrointestinal microbial nucleic acid from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of gastrointestinal infection aids in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal infection when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation, laboratory findings and epidemiological information. A gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay also aids in the detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

# xTAG GPP positive results are presumptive and must be confirmed by FDA-cleared tests or other acceptable reference methods.

The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Confirmed positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative xTAG GPP results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or noninfectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

xTAG GPP is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infections.

# Luminex

The xTAG GPP test is indicated for use with the Luminex $\textcircled { \ " } 1 0 0 / 2 0 0 ^ { \mathsf { r m } }$ and MAGPIX® instruments with xPONENT® software.

Indication(s) for use: Same as intended use.

Special instrument requirements: Luminex MAGPIX instrument with xPONENT software.

# Device Description:

xTAG GPP incorporates a multiplex reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) with Luminex's proprietary universal sorting system (the xTAG Universal Array) on the Luminex platform. The xTAG Universal Array sorts nucleic acids onto discreet Luminex bead populations by virtue of highly specific “tag/anti-tag” hybridization reactions. The tags and anti-tags comprising the xTAG Universal Array are 24-mer oligonucleotide sequences not found in nature. The assay has been designed to simultaneously detect microbial targets and an internal control (bacteriophage MS2 added to each sample prior to extraction).

For each sample, $1 0 \mu \iota$ of extracted nucleic acid is amplified in a single multiplex RT-PCR reaction. Amplimers ranging from 58 to 202 bp (not including the 24-mer tag) are generated in this reaction. A five $\mu \iota$ aliquot of the RT-PCR product is then subjected to a hybridization/detection reaction that also includes bead populations coupled to 24-mer antitags. Each bead population is coupled to a unique anti-tag which is the exact complement of a 24-mer tag incorporated into a given amplimer. Thus, each Luminex bead population uniquely identifies a microbial target or assay control through a specific tag/anti-tag hybridization reaction. Signal is generated via a Streptavidin, R-Phycoerythrin conjugate.

The Luminex instrument sorts the products of these hybridization reactions and generates a signal in the form of a median fluorescence intensity (MFI) value for each bead population. The MFI values are generated by the xPONENT software provided with the instrument using the GPP protocol parameters, and are analyzed by the xTAG Data Analysis Software (TDAS GPP (US)). TDAS GPP (US) applies algorithms to MFI values in order to generate a qualitative result for each microbial target selected for reporting to establish the presence or absence of bacterial, viral or parasitic targets and/or controls in each sample. The data analysis software also generates a qualitative result and compiles a report for patient samples and external controls assayed in a given run. Before data are analyzed, a user has the option to select a subset of the targets from the intended use of the xTAG GPP (for each sample).

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

Table 1: Similarities between New Device and Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device (k140647) xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (k121894) xTAG GPP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer (Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex Molecular Diagnostics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex Molecular Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Method (Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux NucliSENS easyMAG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle andAmplification Method(Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex end point RT-PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex end point RT-PCR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Reagents (Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP Primer Mix, xTAG OneStepEnzyme Mix, xTAG® OneStep Buffer,xTAG RNase-Free Water, xTAG BSA,xTAG MS2, xTAG® GPP Bead Mix, xTAGReporter Buffer, xTAG 0.22 SAPE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP Primer Mix, xTAG OneStepEnzyme Mix, xTAG OneStep Buffer,xTAG RNase-Free Water, xTAG BSA,xTAG MS2, xTAG GPP Bead Mix, xTAGReporter Buffer, xTAG 0.22 SAPE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Format (Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex MAGPLEX bead-baseduniversal array</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex MAGPLEX bead-baseduniversal array</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Method (Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence based</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence based</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control (Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control (MS2), rotating analytecontrols and negative control (RNAse-free water)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control (MS2), rotatinganalyte controls and negative control(RNAse-free water)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results (Same)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument SoftwareSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex MAGPIX with xPONENTSoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luminex MAGPIX with xPONENTSoftware</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Differences between New Device and Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device (k140647)xTAG GPP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (k121894)xTAG GPP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human stool specimens and human stool inCary-Blair media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human stool specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Updated assay protocol to acquire and showdata for additional 3 analytes: Adenovirus40/41, Entamoeba histolytica (E. histolytica),and Vibrio cholerae (V. cholerae).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay protocol file excludes analytesAdenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica (E.histolytica), and Vibrio cholerae (V. cholerae)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See above. Addition of sample type humanstool in Cary-Blair media and addition ofanalytes Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoebahistolytica (E. histolytica), and Vibrio cholerae(V. cholerae) cholera toxin gene (ctx).Specified software used with Luminex 100/200(k140377) and MAGPIX instruments.Organized analytes listed under sub-heading ofviruses, bacteria and parasites.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The xTAG Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel(GPP) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intendedfor the simultaneous qualitative detection andidentification of multiple viral, parasitic, andbacterial nucleic acids in human stoolspecimens from individuals with signs andsymptoms of infectious colitis or gastroenteritis.The following pathogen types, subtypes andtoxin genes are identified using the xTAG® GPP:Campylobacter (C. jejuni, C. coli and C. larionly)Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/BCryptosporidium (C. parvum and C. hominisonly)Escherichia coli (E. coli) O157Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) LT/STGiardia (G. lamblia only - also known as G.intestinalis and G. duodenalis)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GI/GIlRotavirus ASalmonellaShiga-like Toxin producing E. coli (STEC) stx1/stx 2Shigella (S. boydii, S. sonnei, S. flexneri and S.dysenteriae)The detection and identification of specificgastrointestinal microbial nucleic acid fromindividuals exhibiting signs and symptoms ofgastrointestinal infection aids in the diagnosisof gastrointestinal infection when used inconjunction with clinical evaluation, laboratoryfindings and epidemiological information. Agastrointestinal microorganism multiplexnucleic acid-based assay also aids in thedetection and identification of acutegastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.xTAG GPP positive results are presumptive andmust be confirmed by FDA-cleared tests orother acceptable reference methods.The results of this test should not be used asthe sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or otherpatient management decisions. Confirmedpositive results do not rule out co-infection withother organisms that are not detected by thistest, and may not be the sole or definitive causeof patient illness. Negative xTAGGastrointestinal Pathogen Panel results in thesetting of clinical illness compatible withgastroenteritis may be due to infection bypathogens that are not detected by this test ornon-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis,irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.xTAG GPP is not intended to monitor or guidetreatment for C. difficile infections.The xTAG GPP is indicated for use with theLuminex MAGPIX instrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetsReported</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 40/41, Campylobacter (C. jejuni, C.coli and C. lari only), Clostridium difficile (C.difficile) toxin A/B, Cryptosporidium (C. parvumand C. hominis only), Escherichia coli (E. coli)0157, Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC)LT/ST, Entamoeba histolytica (E. histolytica),Giardia (G. lamblia only - also known as G.intestinalis and G. duodenalis), NorovirusGI/GIl, Rotavirus A, Salmonella, Shiga-likeToxin producing E. coli (STEC) stx 1/stx 2,Shigella (S. boydii, S. sonnei, S. flexneri and S.dysenteriae), Vibrio cholerae (V. cholerae)cholera toxin gene (ctx)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter (C. jejuni, C. coli and C. lari only),Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B,Cryptosporidium (C. parvum and C. hominisonly), Escherichia coli (E. coli) O157,Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) LT/ST,Giardia (G. lamblia only - also known as G.intestinalis and G. duodenalis), Norovirus GI/GIl,Rotavirus A, Salmonella, Shiga-like Toxinproducing E. coli (STEC) stx 1/stx 2, Shigella (S.boydii, S. sonnei, S. flexneri and S. dysenteriae)</td></tr></table>

# Standards/Guidance Documents referenced (if applicable):

Table 3: Guidance Documents

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishing the Performance Characteristics of In Vitro DiagnosticDevices for the Detection of Clostridium difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nov. 29, 2010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Norovirus SerologicalReagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mar. 9, 2012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Instrumentation forClinical Multiplex Test Systems - Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mar. 10, 2005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for SoftwareContained in Medical Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 11, 2005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guidance document for Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510(k)s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aug. 12, 2005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guidance on the CDRH Premarket Notification Review Program, 510(k)Memorandum #K86-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>June 30, 1986</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The New 510(k) Paradigm - Alternate Approaches to DemonstratingSubstantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications - Final Guidance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mar. 20, 1998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in PremarketNotifications [510(k)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dec. 27, 2011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - eCopyProgram for Medical Device Submissions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oct. 10, 2013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - FDA andIndustry Actions on Premarket Notification (510(k) Submissions: Effecton FDA Review Clock and Goals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oct. 15, 2012</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Standards   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StandardNo.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RecognitionNumber(FDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standards Title</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EP05-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitativemeasurement Methods (2nd ed.)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/31/2005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EP07-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry (2ndedition)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">05/21/2007</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EP12-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-152</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Protocol for Evaluation f Qualitative TestPerformance (2nd edition)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">09/09/2008</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EP14-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evaluation of Matrix Effects (2nd edition)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03/16/2012</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EP15-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-153</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Verification of Performance for Precision andTrueness (2nd edition)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">09/09/2008</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EP17-A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protocol for Determination of Limits of Detectionand Limits of Quantitation(NOTE: Original studies included this standard)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03/28/2009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EP17-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-233</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evaluation of Detection Capability for ClinicalLaboratory Measurement Procedures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01/15/2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISO 14971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">08/20/2012</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MM03-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Molecular Diagnostic Methods for InfectiousDiseases (2nd edition)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">09/09/2008</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MM13-A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-191</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection, Transport, Preparation and Storage ofSpecimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03/18/2009</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance:

The reagents tested in submission k121894 remain the same as the reagents used in testing performed towards this submission. Therefore, the study reports and results presented in the submission summary in k121894 for Analytical Reactivity, Carry-Over Contamination, Limit of Detection, Repeatability, Analytical Specificity (including Interference), Evaluation of Fresh vs. Frozen Stool, and Reproducibility / Precision are all still applicable to the new device. Results presented below for each of these studies are additive to results previously presented in k121894 and include results for Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica (E. histolytica), and Vibrio cholerae (V. cholerae) cholera toxin gene (ctx). This section of the summary includes updated results for these three analytes for the following studies:

1. Analytical Reactivity   
2. Carry-over Contamination   
3. Limit of Detection   
4. Repeatability   
5. Analytical Specificity and Interference   
6. Evaluation of Fresh vs. Frozen Stool   
7. Reproducibility / Precision

Additionally, a study demonstrating results of testing analytes in stool as compared to stool in Cary-Blair media is presented, at the limit of detection for each analyte to demonstrate that either sample type can be used with xTAG GPP.

Finally, a summary of negative control failures and sample re-run rates for analytical performance studies is provided.

# Luminex

# Analytical Reactivity

Analytical reactivity was assessed through empirical testing of a wide range of clinically relevant GI pathogen strains, genotypes, serotypes and isolates representing temporal and geographical diversity for each analyte. Through testing of unique samples covering the additional intended use pathogens, reactivity was established at concentrations 2 to 3 times the limit of detection.

Adenovirus - The Limit of Detection (LoD) using Adenovirus 40, Zeptometrix 0810084CF (Dugan) and Adenovirus 41, Zeptometrix 0810085CF (Tak) were found to be $1 . 4 5 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 1 $ $\mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ (or $4 . 8 9 \mathsf { E } \mathsf { + } 0 6$ Copies/mL) and $7 . 6 9 5 { + } 0 0 \mathsf { T C l D 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ (or $1 . 4 8 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 7 $ Copies/mL), respectively (see LoD section below). The following two samples were tested at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) (Atlanta, Georgia, USA). Note: these samples were different isolates of the strains used in the LoD study (See LoD section below). The amount of the viral target DNA for GP-093 and GP-094 was measured by real-time PCR and the Ct values generated were used to calculate the DNA copy number. The lowest reactivity titers for GP-093 and GP-094, were found to be at 3x and 1x multiple of LoD level, respectively.

Table 5: Adenovirus Reactivity List   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run Batch ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain or Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactivityTiter(Copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical reactivity_II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC - GP-093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DuganpCMK2Gr10, 9/23/91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical reactivity_II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC - GP-094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TakHeLa2Gr10, 9/23/91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Furthermore, in sequencing analysis of clinical specimens tested as part of the multi-site clinical study of xTAG GPP, 9 Adenovirus 40 and 28 Adenovirus 41 positive samples were detected by the assay and sequencing.

Table 6: Adenovirus Clinical Specimen Positive by the xTAG GPP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-092B, GPP03-099B, GPP03-101B, GPP03-102B, GPP03-103B, GPP03-106B, GPP03-109B,GPP03-300B, GPP03-240B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-001B, GPP03-003B, GPP03-007B, GPP03-013B, GPP03-014B, GPP03-019B, GPP03-020B,GPP03-022B, GPP03-025B, GPP03-026B, GPP03-028B, GPP03-029B, GPP03-033B, GPP03-035B,GPP03-036B, GPP03-037B, GPP03-038B, GPP03-039B, GPP03-048B, GPP03-055B, GPP03-060B,GPP03-095B, GPP03-229B, GPP03-313B, GPP04-159, GPP04-174, GPP02-129, GPP02-192</td></tr></table>

Entamoeba histolytica - The LoD for Entamoeba histolytica, ATCC 30890 was found to be $2 . 8 8 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 1$ Cells/mL, equivalent to $4 . 3 0 \mathsf { E } \mathsf { + } 0 2$ Copies/mL (see LoD section below). For E.histolytica, ATCC 50007, 50481, 50738 and 50454, the titer information expressed in Cells/mL could not be obtained. To standardize the quantification units for all E.histolytica strains, in this Analytical Reactivity study the amount of target DNA was measured by real-time PCR and the Ct values generated were used to calculate the DNA copy numbers. The reactivity titers for most of the strains were in the range of $0 . 4 \times$ to $6 . 7 \times$ multiple of LoD level for E.histolytica. The reactivity titer

for ATCC 50738 (Rahman) was found to be $_ { 0 . 2 \times }$ multiple of LoD level. Table 7: Entamoeba histolytica Reactivity List   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run Batch ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain or Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactivity Titer(Cells orCopies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsSummary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120216_JF_GPP_Reactivity_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(HK-9, colonic biopsyfrom adult humanmale with amebicdysentery, Korea);frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86E+00 Cells/mL,or 1.82E+02Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120216_JF_GPP_Reactivity_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(HB-301:NIH, fecesfrom adult humanmale with amebicdysentery, Burma,1960); test tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120216_JF_GPP_Reactivity_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(HU-21:AMC, colonicbiopsy from malechild with amebicdysentery, LittleRock, AR, 1970); testtube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120216_JF_GPP_Reactivity_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30458</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(200:NIH); frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83E+02 Cells/mL,or 2.42E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120216_JF_GPP_Reactivity_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(HM-1:IMSS [ABRM];feces from adulthuman male,asymptomatic cystpasser, England,1972); test tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83E+02 Cells/mL,or 1.10E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120314_JF_GPP_React_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(H-458:CDC[ATCC30217], fecesfrom human adultfemale with amebicdysentery, Asia (?),(patient in U.S. fortreatment), 1971);test tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.78E+02Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120411_JF_GPP_React_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(HU-2:MUSC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120207_JF_GPP_Reactivity_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(HU-1:CDC, feces offemale child,asymptomatic, sero-negative cyst passer,Cherokee, NC, 1978)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89E+02Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120411_JF_GPP_React_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120411_JF_GPP_React_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120411_JF_GPP_React_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50738</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rahman</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.90E+01Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20120411_JF_GPP_React_MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HB-301:NIH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08E+03Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Vibrio cholerae - The LoD using Vibrio cholerae Pacini ATCC 14101 (serovar O:1) was found to be $2 . 3 4 5 { \scriptstyle + } 0 6 \mathtt { C F U / m L }$ . For this Analytical Reactivity study $3 \times \mathsf { L O D } { = } 7 . 0 2 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 6 ~ \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ , and this was used for initial reactivity testing. In addition to toxinogenic strains, (i.e. O1 and O139), the xTAG GPP assay also detects any non:O1 Vibrio cholerae strains that do express cholera toxin gene, ctx (xTAG GPP Vibrio cholerae primers target gene), but not the non:O1 strains that may cause clinical symptoms such as diarrhea by expressing a different virulence factor, which is likely the case for sample ATCC 14374 and other non:O1 strains in this table. Both non-O1 ATCC 25872 and non-O1 ATCC 25873 strains, were tested in sequencing assays and confirmed to contain the ctx gene with well conserved xTAG GPP Vibrio cholerae primer binding regions.

Table 8: Vibrio cholerae Reactivity List   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run Batch ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain or Serotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reactivity Titer(CFU/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsSummary</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1, ATCC4735;MARTIN 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 4714</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1, Isolatedfrom pilgrims in ElTor quarantine camp,El Tor 34-D 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 7260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:1, EGYPT 117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 11500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1, VL 7050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 11507</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1, VL 1941</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 11510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O:1, VL 01211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12945</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:139 (Non-O:1(NAG) - referencestrain for 0:139serovar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120827-JX-V cholera-AR-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12946</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:139 (Non-O:1(NAG))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120406-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio2-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:1, El Tor DO1930;CN 5774;R.Hugh 1092, SerotypeInaba, Non-toxinogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraeasiaticae (Trevisan)Pfeiffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14035</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:1, Serotype Ogawa[7787]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:1, SerotypeOgawa, clinicalspecimen - human([185754] choleraepidemic circa 1960,Calcutta) CalcuttaIndia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120406-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio2-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1 (NAG),5035; R. Hugh 1513</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120921-MB-VibrioAnalytical-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14730</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1 (Serovar0:2), biovar El Tor,Subgroup III ofGardner andVenkatraman, NCTC4711, NANKING</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32/123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120921-MB-VibrioAnalytical-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14731</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1, (Serovar0:3), biovar El Tor,Subgroup V ofGardner andVenkatraman, NCTC4715, El Tor 34-D23;CN 3426</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120921-MB-VibrioAnalytical-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1 (Serovar0:4), biovar El Tor,Subgroup VI ofGardner andVenkatraman, NCTC4716, KASAULI 73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120921-MB-VibrioAnalytical-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14733</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1 (Serovar0:7), biovar El Tor,Subgroup II ofGardner andVenkatraman, NCTC8042, NANKING32/124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25870</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O:1, Serotype Inaba</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25872</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1 (NAG),Isolated from apatient with clinicalcholera</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25873</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-O:1 (NAG),Isolated from apatient with clinicalcholera</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51394</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:139 (Non-O:1[NAG]), Cholerapatient, Madras,India</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio choleraePacini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:139 (non O:1[NAG]), clinicalspecimen - human(cholera patient,Madras, India)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20120404-JX-AnaReact-Vibrio-MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0:1, Isolated from apatient in ArtiboniteDepartment, Haiti,October 2010,Serotype Ogawa,Biogroup El Torcholera toxin positiveCDC Isolate 2010 EL-1786</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr></table>

Table 9 summarizes the samples reactive with xTAG GPP. Note that in addition to toxinogenic strains, i.e. O1 and O139, xTAG GPP assay detects any non:O1 Vibrio cholerae strains that do express cholera toxin gene (xTAG GPP Vibrio cholerae primers target gene), but not the non:O1 strains that may cause clinical symptoms such as diarrhea by expressing a different virulence factor, which is likely the case for ATCC 14374 and other non:O1 strains tested in this study. Both non-O1 ATCC 25872 and non-O1 ATCC 25873 strains, were tested in sequencing assays and confirmed to contain the ctx gene with well conserved xTAG GPP Vibrio cholerae primer binding regions. Ten Vibrio cholerae strains that did not react with xTAG GPP assay are listed in Tables 8 and 10.

Table 9: Reactivity of Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC / OtherReference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC / OtherReference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC - GP-093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-095B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-092B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-229B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-099B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-313B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-101B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP04-159</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-102B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP04-174</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-103B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP02-129</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-106B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP02-192</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-109B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-240B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-300B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC - GP-094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30458</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-001B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30459</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-003B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30889</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-007B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30923</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-013B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30925</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-014B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-019B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50481</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-020B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50738</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-022B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50454</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-025B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae, serovar O:1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 7260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-026B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae, serovar O:1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 11510</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-028B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae, serovar O:139 (Non-O:1(NAG)) - reference strain for O:139 serovar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 12945</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-029B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae, serovar O:139 (Non-O:1(NAG))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 12946</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-033B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae asiaticae (Trevisan) Pfeiffer,serovar O:1, serotype Ogawa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14035</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-035B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae Pacini, serovar O:1, SerotypeOgawa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-036B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae Pacini, serovar O:1, SerotypeInaba</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25870</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-037B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae Pacini, serovar Non-O:1(NAG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25872</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-038B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae Pacini, serovar Non-O:1(NAG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25873</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-039B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae Pacini, serovar O:139 (Non-0:1 [NAG])</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51394</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-048B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae Pacini, serovar O:139 (Non-O:1 [NAG])</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51395</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-055B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholera, serovar O:1, serotype Ogawa,biovar El Tor, cholera toxin positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2163</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPP03-060B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 10: Vibrio cholerae Strains that did not React with xTAG GPP   

<table><tr><td>Pathogen</td><td>ATCC / Other</td><td>Pathogen</td><td>ATCC / Other</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae Pacini, SerovarNon-O:1 (NAG)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae Pacini, Serovar Non-O:1 (NAG)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14374</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae, Serovar Non-O:1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 4714</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae Pacini, Serovar O:2, biovar ElTor, Subgroup III of Gardner andVenkatraman</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14730</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae, Serovar Non-O:1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 11500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae Pacini, Serovar O:3, biovarElTor, Subgroup V of Gardner andVenkatraman</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14731</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae, Serovar Non-O:1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 11507</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae Pacini, Serovar O:4, biovar ElTor; Subgroup VI of Gardner andVenkatraman</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14732</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae Pacini, Serovar O1,biotype El Tor, serotype Inaba,non-toxinogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae Pacini, Serovar O:7, biovar ElTor; Subgroup II of Gardner and Venkatraman</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14733</td></tr></table>

# Carry-over Contamination

The likelihood of carry-over contamination events was initially assessed and presented in k121894 by testing 2 representative pathogens (a bacteria and a parasite): C. difficile, and Giardia respectively. In this study, a representative virus (Adenovirus 40) was tested. This analyte was examined in the form of simulated samples prepared at concentrations just below the assay cut-off (High Negative, HN) and well above the assay cut-off (High Positive, HP). The target was examined in a set of 6 independent extractions. Each extraction was assayed in duplicate arranged in a checkerboard manner on a 96-well plate using xTAG GPP.

As with the results in k121894 for the representative bacteria (C. difficile) and parasite (Giardia), results with the virus (Adenovirus 40) showed that all 144 high negative samples remained negative when run on the Luminex 100/200 instrument for all three targets $100 \%$ HN). In addition, results for Adenovirus 40 showed that all 144 high positive samples remained positive when run on the Luminex 100/200 instrument $( 1 0 0 \% \mathsf { H P } )$ , as with the targets previously tested. Therefore a lack of carryover contamination has been demonstrated.

# Limit of Detection

As in the original study results presented for k121894, the LoD was assessed by analyzing serial dilutions of simulated samples made from high-titer stocks of commercial strains or high-titer clinical specimens (when commercial strains were not available). All simulated specimens were prepared in negative clinical matrix (stool). The data from serial dilutions were confirmed in at least 20 replicates of the selected dilution for each analyte target. Results of testing for the three additional analytes were as follows:

Table 11: Summary of Limit of Detection (LoD) for Additional Analytes   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer (correspondingto the estimatedLoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageMFIValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40, 0810084CF (Dugan)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45x101TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.26%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41, 0810085CF (Tak)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.69 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.27%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica, 30890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88x101 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.77%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibriocholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae, 14101 (Serovar0:1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.94%</td></tr></table>

# Repeatability

As in the original study results presented for k121894, repeatability was assessed for each target by testing 20 replicates of each of two different analyte concentrations: a very low positive sample (at the LoD) and a moderate positive dilution level (5x-10x above the cut-off MFI). All replicates for each dilution level were examined starting from sample extraction with the bioMérieux NucliSENS easyMAG system followed by xTAG GPP in a single run. For each set of 20 replicates, the same operator performed the testing on the same instrument system, using the same lot of extraction kit and xTAG GPP reagents. Results of testing were as follows:

Table 12: Assay Repeatability Assessed by Confirmation of Calls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPPCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean MFIValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.80x101TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 of 20 POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.60%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive/LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45x101TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 of 20 POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.39%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.76x101cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 of 20 POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>886</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.73%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive/LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.88x101cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 of 20 POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.32%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibriocholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.68x10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 of 20 POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.48%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive/LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 of 20 POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.33%</td></tr></table>

The correct qualitative result was obtained for 20 of 20 replicates at the low positive level and for 20 of 20 replicates at the moderate positive level for each analyte tested at these concentrations.

# Analytical Specificity and Potential Interfering Agents

Analytical specificity was assessed with respect to the following:

1. Propensity for cross-reactivity leading to false positive results: Potential cross reactivity with pathogens (viruses, bacteria and parasites) associated with gastrointestinal (GI) infections that are not probed by the assay. Potential cross reactivity was also assessed for commensal flora and non-microbial agents. Organisms were tested at high positive titers.   
2. Propensity for interference leading to false negative results: Potential interference by pathogens (viruses, bacteria and parasites) associated with gastrointestinal (GI) infections that are not probed by the assay. Potential interference by commensal flora was also assessed. Panel analytes were tested at low positive concentrations in the presence of highly concentrated non-panel organisms.   
3. Propensity for competitive interference leading to false negative results: Potential interference by GI pathogens that are detected by the assay was evaluated by testing one microbial target prepared at a concentration near the assay cut-off (LP) in the presence of a second microbial target prepared at a very high concentration (HP), and vice-versa. The combinations of analytes tested were selected based on the frequency of co-infections reported in the literature.

Results for the 3 categories of testing outlined above were detailed in the decision summary presented for submission k121894.

The following additions relevant to results for the additional 3 analytes are included here:

Two strains of Entamoeba dispar, ATCC PRA-353 and PRA-368, were tested as commensal flora for potential cross-reactivity with xTAG GPP Assay (Table 13), in addition to Entamoeba dispar PRA-260 included in k121894. One of the three E.dispar strains, ATCC PRA-353, tested at $3 . 0 \mathsf { E } \mathsf { + } 0 5$ cells/mL (or over ${ 1 0 } ^ { 4 }$ times LoD for E. histolytica) cross-reacted with E.histolytica. Testing at 4- fold lower titer (equivalent to $2 . 6 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 3$ multiples of E. histolytica LoD) did not produce a falsepositive call. E. histolytica xTAG GPP kit primers were analyzed in silico for cross-reactivity with E.dispar. Two E. dispar sequences were available in Genbank, Z49256 (unknown strain) and AB282661 (strain SAW1734Rc1AR). In addition, three ATCC strains, PRA-260, PRA-353 and PRA368, were sequenced at Luminex with primers flanking the xTAG GPP kit E. histolytica primer binding region. All five E. dispar sequences were identical in the E. histolytica GPP kit amplicon region. The forward primer was a perfect match to the E. dispar sequences, whereas the reverse primer had multiple mismatches, most notably, a 2-nt contiguous mismatch on the ${ \sf 3 ^ { \prime } }$ end. These mismatches in the reverse primer would cause a significant decrease in amplification efficiency, and, therefore, result in a negligible risk of obtaining a false-positive xTAG GPP result for $E$ . histolytica.

As the xTAG GPP testing demonstrated, a false-positive call is only possible when E. dispar is present at a very high concentration, $3 . 0 \mathsf { E } \mathsf { + } 0 5$ cells/mL (or over ${ 1 0 } ^ { 4 }$ times LoD for E. histolytica) or higher. Testing at 4-fold lower titer (equivalent to $2 . 4 \mathsf { E } \star 0 3$ to $2 . 6 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 3$ multiples of E. histolytica LoD) does not produce a false-positive call.

Table 13: Cross-reactivity of xTAG GPP Assay with non-Panel Organisms (Commensal Flora)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commensal Flora</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC/Other Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactive Yes(Y) / No (N)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC PRA-260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.80E+06 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC PRA-353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00E+05 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC PRA-353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50E+04 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC PRA-368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00E+04 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr></table>

Astrovirus was used as a representative interfering pathogen associated with gastrointestinal (GI) infections that are not probed by the assay (See Table 14). The xTAG GPP analyte, in this case Adenovirus 40/41, was also run without a second analyte present. No interference was seen.

Non-panel interference with common commensal bacteria, yeast and parasites was evaluated for each target in the xTAG GPP assay. Organisms tested are presented in Table 15 below. Low positive samples of each analyte target in the assay were tested in the presence of a high positive sample of the potential interfering microorganism. All non-panel bacteria and yeast were tested at a concentration of $6 E { + } 0 8 \mathsf { c f u / m L }$ except for Blastocystis hominis (ATCC 50587 - concentration $\ge 1 \mathsf { E } + 0 6$ cells/mL and ATCC 50608 - concentration $2 . 0 0 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 7$ cells/mL). No interference was found with the xTAG GPP analytes Adenovirus, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae.

Table 14: Interference with Non-Panel Gastrointestinal Pathogens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP Analyte (concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingOrganism (concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferenceYes (Y) /No (N)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus serotypes 40 (LP)(1.49E+07 copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CDC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Astrovirus (HP)(6.00E+10 copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus serotypes 41 (LP)(1.43 E+07 copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CDC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Astrovirus (HP)(6.00 E+10 copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr></table>

Table 15: Common Commensal Bacteria, Yeast and Parasites Tested for Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron (ATCC 29148)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri (ATCC 27028)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sporogenes (ATCC 3584)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli strain ECOR2 (ATCC 35321)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae (ATCC 13047)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae (ATCC 13883)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas putida (ATCC 47054)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus penneri (ATCC 35198)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans (ATCC 10231)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis (ATCC 50587 or 50608)</td></tr></table>

Potential interference with GI pathogens that are a part of the assay (competitive interference) was evaluated with one target prepared at a concentration near the assay cut-off (LP) and the other target prepared at a very high concentration (HP) and vice versa. In each case, xTAG GPP Analyte 1 was also run without a second analyte present. Results (interference in making the appropriate calls) are shown in Table 16. There was no competitive interference observed between pathogens probed by xTAG GPP when testing was carried out with the mixed analyte samples described below.

Table 16: Competitive Interference with Panel Pathogens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP Analyte #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP Analyte #2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Adenovirus serotype 40(HP)(3.80E+06 TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Analyte #2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus (LP) (160x dilution of stock)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium (LP)(8.78E+04 cfu/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni (LP) (2.93E+05 cfu/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Adenovirus serotype 40(LP)(5.25E+01 TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Analyte #2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus (HP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium (HP)(6.00E+08 cfu/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni (HP)(6.00E+08 cfu/mL)</td></tr></table>

The pathogens listed in Table 17 were not attainable. However, an in silico analysis was performed to assess the potential for non-specific cross-reactivity of these microbial pathogens with the primers used in xTAG GPP (BLAST results located in the design history file). These pathogens do not exhibit sufficient sequence homology against the xTAG GPP primer sequences, and therefore would not be expected to cross-react with the exception of Entamoeba coli and Taenia saginata.

Table 17: In silico evaluation of pathogens for potential cross‐reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascaris lumbricoides (roundworm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chilomastix mesnili</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium canis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium felis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclospora cayetanensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DF-3 - Dysgonomonas capnocytophagoides</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dientamoeba fragilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphyllobothrium species</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endolimax nana</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba coli</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba hartmanni</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba polecki</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteromonas hominis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hymenolepis nana (the dwarf tapeworm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Idamoeba buetschlii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isospora belli</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strongyloides stercoralis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Taenia sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichuris trichiura</td></tr></table>

From the in silico analysis, Entamoeba coli may cross-react with xTAG GPP primers based on the strong forward primer alignment of E_histolytica-FR_RVM77 (16 bp contig. on the ${ \sf 3 ^ { \prime } }$ end) and reverse primer E_coli_stx1-Rev_Biosg_2 (10 bp contig. on the ${ \sf 3 ^ { \prime } }$ end), as well as an amplimer size (138 bp) which is well within the design of the kit. To further elucidate, a thermal melting temperature (Tm) analysis was performed using the DINAMelt (Di-Nucleic Acid hybridization and melting prediction) program available at http://mfold.rna.albany.edu/? $? 9 = !$ DINAMelt. Sequences of Entamoeba coli that aligned to the xTAG primers were analyzed to see if they would form a

# Luminex

stable interaction with the xTAG primers which could possibly result in cross reactivity with the xTAG GPP kit. Mismatches would negatively impact the Tm of the primers and Entamoeba coli. At the xTAG GPP reaction temperature of ${ 5 8 ^ { \circ } C } ,$ , the Entamoeba coli sequences would bind to the E. histolytica forward primer with approximately $6 4 . 4 \%$ of the Entamoeba coli sequences bound to the primer sequence, compared to binding of the forward primer to its target sequence without any mismatches $( 9 8 . 3 \% )$ . However, binding of the reverse E. coli stx1 primer to Entamoeba coli would be reduced to $0 . 1 \%$ compared to this primer binding to its target sequence without any mismatches $( 8 1 . 8 \% )$ . Therefore, Entamoeba coli is not likely to cross-react with the analytes in the xTAG GPP assay.

# Fresh vs. Frozen

As in the original study results presented in k121894, results from the Fresh versus Frozen study using samples for the additional analytes are presented here. This evaluation generated data to demonstrate that there is no significant difference in the performance of xTAG GPP between specimens tested from the “fresh” state (i.e. unfrozen) and specimens that were tested after being stored frozen at $\yen 70 ^ { \circ } C$ to $\boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } _ { - 8 0 } \circ \boldsymbol { \mathbf { \ell } } { } _ { \mathsf { C } }$ . Each of the three additional analytes, Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae were assessed in a set of simulated specimens prepared in negative clinical matrix at a concentration close to the assay cut-off MFI (Low Positive), 5-10x the assay cut-off MFI (Moderate Positive) and, where possible, more than 10x the assay cut-off MFI (High Positive), where MFI is median fluorescent intensity value. Stability of un-extracted specimens, as well as pre-treated specimens, and finally, pre-treated and extracted nucleic acids were evaluated.

# One Month Stability Results

Positive agreement between fresh and frozen un-extracted specimens $w a s \geq 9 5 \%$ with a lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ (two-sided) confidence interval exceeding $85 \%$ for Adenovirus $4 0 / 4 1$ and Vibrio cholerae.

Positive agreement between fresh and frozen pre-treated specimens was $; \ge 9 5 \%$ with a lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ (two-sided) confidence interval exceeding $85 \%$ for Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae.

Positive agreement between fresh and frozen extracted specimens $w a s \geq 9 5 \%$ with a lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ (two-sided) confidence interval exceeding $85 \%$ for Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae.

Adenovirus 40/41 and Vibrio cholerae met the 1-month stability acceptance criteria, and the MFIs generated on HP, MP and LP replicates of frozen un-extracted, extracted and extracted specimens were generally close to those generated at baseline. However, the un-extracted specimen stability of Entamoeba histolytica did not meet the acceptance criteria.

# Three Month Stability Results

# Luminex

Positive agreement between fresh and frozen un-extracted specimens $w a s \geq 9 5 \%$ with a lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ (two-sided) confidence interval exceeding $85 \%$ for Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae.

Positive agreement between fresh and frozen extracted specimens was $2 9 5 \%$ with a lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ (two-sided) confidence interval exceeding $85 \%$ for Adenovirus 40/41 and Vibrio cholerae.

The 3-month stability results for Entamoeba histolytica are of particular interest as they do not reflect the 1-month stability results. That is study criteria were met for the un-extracted specimen at 3-month stability time point but not at the 1-month time point. The 3-month stability data supports the stability of un-extracted Entamoeba histolytica frozen at $\scriptscriptstyle - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ to - $\boldsymbol { \cdot } 8 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 1 month. Study criteria for Entamoeba histolytica nucleic acid stability were met at the 1-month time point but not at the 3-month time point. Overall, the data supports the stability of un-extracted and extracted Entamoeba histolytica specimens frozen at $\scriptscriptstyle - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ to $\mathfrak { - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ for 1 month.

# Supplemental Stability Results - Entamoeba histolytica (un-extracted)

Additional data to support the stability of un-extracted Entamoeba histolytica specimens was also generated by analyzing LP and MP results obtained at site 1 (LMD) during the multi-site reproducibility study as well as testing LP and MP remnants at a later date. These results also suggest that un-extracted Entamoeba histolytica specimens are stable for at least 1-month when stored frozen at $\yen 70 ^ { \circ } C$ to $\mathfrak { - 8 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ .

Results are summarized for the un-extracted, pre-treated and extracted sample stability for the additional analytes in the following table.

Table 18: Summary of Stability Results Additional Analytes xTAG GPP (also see k121894)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Un-extracted1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Un-extracted3 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-Treated1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extracted1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extracted3 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$\^r$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>√</td></tr></table>

^Based on supplemental testing results, possible titer or extraction issue with sample rather than stability failure

The results generated support the inclusion of frozen clinical specimens positive for all three targets, Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae, in the multi-site clinical evaluation of the xTAG GPP. Results generated also indicate that pre-treated material and nucleic acid extracts of all three targets evaluated are stable for at least 1 month post freezing.

# Luminex

Site-to-site reproducibility was assessed for each of the additional targets and for mixed analyte samples (representing co-infected samples). Original study results for the other analytes were presented in submission k121894. Replicates of simulated samples were tested across 3 sites by 2 operators at each site. One exception was made for testing of the Vibrio cholerae samples at Site 3, where due to operator illness the runs for the second operator were performed by two individuals. All sample replicates tested were prepared through serial dilutions of stock material (pre-treated negative stool spiked with a pathogen or positive stool) containing a microbial target from the intended use. Each sample replicate assayed in the study contained either a single microbial target or 2 microbial targets detected by xTAG GPP in addition to the internal control (bacteriophage MS2). For single analyte samples, dilutions tested fell into 1 of the following 3 categories:

1. High Negative (HN): microbial target concentrations which generate MFI values not lower than $20 \%$ below the cut-off MFI for the indicated analyte   
2. Low Positive (LP): microbial target concentrations which generated MFI values that were 1-5X the cut-off MFI for the indicated analyte   
3. Moderate Positive (MP): microbial target concentrations which generated MFI values 7- 10X the cut-off MFI for the indicated analyte

For those samples prepared to simulate co-infections, one microbial target was present at the LP level defined above and the other at a High Positive (HP) level. HP levels were defined as follows:

High Positive (HP) viral cultures were prepared to a concentration of $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { P F U / m L } ( 1$ $\boldsymbol { \cdot } \boldsymbol { 1 0 } ^ { 5 }$ $\mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } )$ or higher; High Positive (HP) bacterial cultures were prepared to a concentration of $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ or higher.

Each sample replicate underwent a single pre-treatment and extraction step. All samples were extracted using the NucliSens easyMAG extraction method. Extracted material was kept frozen at $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until testing. A total of 90 replicates were tested for each single analyte and dual analyte sample (3 replicates per run x 5 runs per operator x 2 operators per site x 3 sites $= 9 0$ replicates). Reproducibility was assessed both in terms of calls and MFI values.

# Single Analyte Results

For single analyte samples prepared at the MP level, depending on the microbial target, 86/90 $( 9 5 . 6 \% )$ to 90/90 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ replicates generated a positive result (after allowable re-runs). For LP dilutions, depending on the microbial target, the correct positive call was made in 82/90 (91.1%) to 90/90 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ replicates tested. For HN dilutions, depending on the target, the correct negative call was generated in as few as 62/90 $( 6 8 . 9 \% )$ replicates to as many as 90/90 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ . Greater variability in the HN dilution, compared to the LP and MP dilution, was expected based on the fact that a target is present in these samples at levels sufficient to generate MFI values $20 \%$ below the cut-off MFI, and based on the stochastic nature of end-point PCR in the presence of low levels of targeted analytes. Accordingly, percent variability, measured as the coefficient of variation (CV) for MFI values were lowest at the MP dilution and highest at the HN dilution. Results for single analyte samples are presented in Table 19.

# Dual Analyte Results

# Luminex

For dual analyte samples tested for the additional targets (Table 20), all targets generated a positive call when present as a HP dilution. When present at the LP concentration, 2 of the 4 target combinations tested generated a positive call in 90/90 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ replicates tested. The 4 combinations were:

Rotavirus (HP) / Adenovirus (LP) Adenovirus (HP) / Rotavirus (LP) C. difficile (HP) / Adenovirus (LP) Adenovirus (HP)/ C. difficile (LP)

C. difficile has two probes resulting in a single call for this target, (if either is positive, the target is positive). The following was observed for the remaining target present at LP concentration in the sample containing a second target at HP concentration:

 4/90 replicates of the C. difficile (HP) /Adenovirus (LP) sample generated a negative call for Adenovirus   
2/90 replicates of the Rotavirus (HP) / Adenovirus (LP) sample generated a negative call for adenovirus

It should be noted that although the C. difficile LP sample was 89/90 for probe 1, probe 2 made all the calls for the LP sample. Overall, adequate site-to-site reproducibility has been established for all targets that xTAG GPP has been designed to detect (also see results in k121894).

Table 19: Summary of Overall Total Raw Median MFI values for the Three Targets in xTAG GPP after Reruns   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41MediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntamoebahistolyticaLow Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntamoebahistolyticaMediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntamoebahistolyticaHighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VibriocholeraeLow Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VibriocholeraeMediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VibriocholeraeHighNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45x101TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8x101TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44x101Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.76x101Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25x10-1Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.37x106CU/mlL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75x10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.86x10$CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/3066.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25th PercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>732.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1594.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>596.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1366.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>616.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1219.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median MFIValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>797.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1642.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1475.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>691.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1277.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75t&quot;h PercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>880.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1692.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>783.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1621.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>737.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1364.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/3043.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/3066.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25thPercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>740.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1602.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>988.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>958.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1579.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median MFIValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>872.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1748.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>423.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1253.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1256.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1765.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75th PercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1046.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1806.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1573.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1490.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2001.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/3073.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/3086.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25th PercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>603.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>843.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median MFIValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>648.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>778.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1110.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75th PercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>338.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>770.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>979.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>559.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1210.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Agreementwith ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9098.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9098.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62/9068.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82/9091.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/9095.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/9088.9%</td></tr></table>

${ \tt x T A G } ^ { \textregistered }$ GPP with Luminex® MAGPIX® Traditional $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41MediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntamoebahistolyticaLow Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntamoebahistolyticaMediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntamoebahistolyticaHighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VibriocholeraeLow Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VibriocholeraeMediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VibriocholeraeHighNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45x101TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8x101TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44x101Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.76x101Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25x10-1Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.37x106CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75x107CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.86x10}$CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%- 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%- 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.7%- 77.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.4%- 95.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.1%- 98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.7%- 93.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall 25thPercentile MFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>338.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>770.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>937.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>435.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1148.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall MedianMFI Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>732.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1596.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1185.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>684.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1297.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overa all 75hPercentile MFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>874.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1722.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1487.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>993.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1610.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall % CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

Luminex Molecular Diagnostics

Table 20: Summary of Overall Total Raw Median MFI values for Mixed Analytes in xTAG GPP after Reruns   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Panel Member ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rotavirus A Low Positive/Adenovirus 40/41 High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rotavirus A High Positive/Adenovirus 40/41 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Adenovirus 40/41 Low Positive/C. difficile High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Adenovirus 40/41 High Positive/C. difficile Low Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rotavirus ALow Positive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41 Highositive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rotavirus AHigh Positive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41 Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C. difficileHigh Positive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41 Highositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C. difficileLow Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.28x102TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17x101TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17x10^TCID5s0/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00x10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00x10&#x27;CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.28x10^{2TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50x106CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50x10CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5th Percenertile MI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2198.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1467.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>557.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2216.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3042.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2529.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1415.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median MFI Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1050.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2313.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1777.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>612.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>698.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2540.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3255.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2618.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>730.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1765.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75th Percentile MFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1544.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2407.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1973.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>659.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>842.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2756.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3383.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2785.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1945.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25th Percentile MFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2262.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1626.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2207.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3043.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2428.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1636.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median MFI Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>779.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2501.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1820.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>530.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>582.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2547.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3225.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2540.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>599.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1784.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75t Percentile MFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1614.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2709.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2056.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>738.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3029.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3375.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2827.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1014.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2012.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5t Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1517.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>972.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2347.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1570.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1143.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median MFI Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>719.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1626.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1299.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1548.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2516.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1724.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1278.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 Percentile MFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1153.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1770.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1577.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1744.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2632.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1862.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>563.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1427.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90/90100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90/90100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90/90100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90/90100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%- 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%- 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%- 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.1%- 98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%-100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%- 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%-99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%-100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall 25th PercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1770.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1291.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1599.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2580.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1862.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1311.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall MedianMFI Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>762.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2239.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1662.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>470.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2216.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3042.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2485.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>588.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1639.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall 75th PercentileMFI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1207.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2412.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1943.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>624.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>710.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2686.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3305.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2715.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>859.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1890.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.77</td></tr></table>

\*Real-time PCR failed to return a meaningful result. The amount of Rotavirus added to this sample is the same as the amount used in equivalent Rotavirus dilutions used in the Repeatability study.

# Stool in Cary-Blair Media Limit of Detection Study Results

The purpose of this analytical study was to evaluate the equivalency in the limit of detection (LoD) between the two sample types: raw stool (sample type from k121894) and stool in Cary-Blair transport medium (additional sample type commonly collected) in a representative sub-set of the xTAG GPP targets. One analyte from each of three pathogen classes (bacterial, parasitic, and viral) was examined in the form of simulated stool samples and simulated stool samples in Cary-Blair media. The simulated samples were prepared as a dilution series using high titer stocks. The three representative analytes tested in this study were: Clostridium difficile, Giardia lamblia and Norovirus GII. Results of testing presented in Table 21 demonstrate that raw stool samples and stool samples in Cary-Blair media have equivalent limits of detection.

Table 21: Summary of the Limit of Detection (LoD) for GPP analytes in stool and stool in Cary-Blair media   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Raw Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Stool in Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LoD Differencebetween Stooland Stool in Cary-Blair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer atlimit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average MFIValue (n=20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer atlimit ofdetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average MFIValue (n=20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileToxin A/B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficile,BAA-1805(toxinotypeIII A+B+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.69x105CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe 1 = 363Probe 2 = 784</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.69x105CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probe 1 = 454Probe 2 = 1097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GiardiaIamblia,PRA-243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20x10²2cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>658</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20x10²2cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>633</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGI/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGII, Clinicalsample,sourceToronto</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75x102copies/mL(Ct = 32.23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1586</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75x102copies/mL(Ct = 32.23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2781</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr></table>

# Summary of negative control failures and sample re-run rates for analytical performance studies

Including all analytes in the xTAG GPP test intended use, there were a total of 284 xTAG GPP runs performed over the course of analytical performance studies. Each xTAG run has at least one no template negative control depending on batch size. Of the 284 runs, 15 $( 5 . 2 8 \% )$ had one or more negative control (NC) failures. These are summarized in the table below.

Table 22: Summary of Negative Control Failures for Analytical Performance Studies   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total # of runs(includingallowable re-runs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total # of runswith at least oneNC failure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% totalruns withat leastone NCfailure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total No. ofNCs includedin runs andallowable re-runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total No.of NCfailures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% total NC s includedwhich failed in xTAG runs/ allowable re-runs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-site reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.02%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix equivalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.56%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carry-over contamination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical specificity andinterference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation of fresh vs.frozen stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.28%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07%</td></tr></table>

Included in the 284 xTAG runs summarized above were 15455 specimens. Of these, $9 9 . 6 2 \%$ (15396/15455) yielded valid results on the first attempt. The remaining 59 specimens generated valid results following allowable re-runs. Sample re-run rates are summarized in the table below.

Table 23: Summary of Sample Re-Run Rates for Analytical Performance Studies   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Studies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total # ofspecimenstested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total # ofinvalid resultsprior to re-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% invalidresults priorto re-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid resultsafter re-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% invalid resultsafter re-run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-site reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix equivalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carry-over contamination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical specificity andinterference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluation of fresh vs.frozen stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4746</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance:

# Matrix Comparison Study

Unchanged, reference results in k121894

# Detection in Asymptomatic Volunteers

In order to determine baseline levels for each analyte included in xTAG GPP for individuals who are not exhibiting signs and symptoms of infectious gastroenteritis, 200 clinical stool samples were collected from healthy, asymptomatic donors. Asymptomatic donors from various age groups were included in this study. Results presented below include the additional analytes in the xTAG GPP test. PCR inhibition, as determined by results for the internal control used with xTAG GPP (bacteriophage MS2), was observed in 30 of the 200 samples tested $( 1 5 . 0 \% )$ . After rerunning these specimens in accordance with the instructions for use, PCR inhibition was still observed in 7 samples $( 3 . 5 \% )$ . The absence of a detectable internal control signal in these samples meant that negative results for the indicated microbial targets could not be reported. Therefore, the final data analysis was conducted on 193 of the 200 samples collected for this study.

Table 24: Percent negative results (including Adenovirus 40/41, E. histolytica and V. cholerae) and the analytes previously presented in the decision summary for k121894   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Negative Results byxTAG® GPP for all samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Negative Results by xTAG® GPPfor samples negative by sequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile toxin A/B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% (189/193)1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0% (189/191)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5% (192/193)2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5% (192/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli 0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ETEC LT/ST</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5% (192/193)3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5% (192/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% (189/193)*4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% (189/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% (188/193)5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% (188/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC stx1/stx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5% (192/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5% (192/193)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V. cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (193/193)</td></tr></table>

\*NOTE: Sample 216 was positive by xTAG GPP for both Norovirus GII and C. difficile 1 Two (2) out of 4 xTAG GPP C. difficile positive samples were confirmed as positive by sequencing analysis. 2 The (1) xTAG GPP E. histolytica positive sample was not confirmed as positive by sequencing analysis. 3 None of the 2 xTAG GPP Giardia positive samples was confirmed as positive by sequencing analysis. 4 None of the 3 xTAG GPP Norovirus $6 1 / 6 1 1$ positive samples was confirmed as positive by sequencing analysis. 5 None of the 5 xTAG GPP Salmonella positive samples was confirmed as positive by sequencing analysis.

As described in submission k121894, results of the study demonstrated $2 9 7 \%$ negative percent agreement across all analytes in the 193 samples tested. Samples (at the specimen level) that were positive by xTAG GPP but negative by sequencing were considered false positives (12/193). These samples had MFI values that were relatively close to the cut-offs. 2 samples at the specimen level that were called positive by xTAG GPP were also positive by sequencing for C. difficile. These two samples positive for C. difficile by both xTAG GPP and sequencing probably represent asymptomatic infections.

# Clinical Cutoff

Not applicable

# Detection in Symptomatic Patients (Prospective Clinical Study in Stool Specimens)

The clinical performance of xTAG GPP for each analyte probed by the assay was evaluated in clinical specimens (stools) prospectively collected between June 2011 and February 2012. A total of 1407 clinical specimens were collected from pediatric and adult patients and submitted for testing at six (6) independent laboratories. Four (4) of the laboratories were located in the United States (Arizona, Missouri, Tennessee and Texas) and two (2) were in Southern Ontario (Canada). Demographic details for this prospective data set were summarized in the original submission k121894. In this submission, results for the additional analytes (Adenovirus 40/41, Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae) are provided for the prospective clinical study for samples collected in stool. Additionally, these same samples were also stored in Cary-Blair media, and results of testing these are also provided.

All prospective clinical specimens were analyzed by reference/comparator at central laboratories independent of xTAG GPP testing sites. Comparator methods were described in the original submission k121894 apart from the 3 listed below. For the additional analytes, the comparator methods are described in Table 25.

Table 25: Comparator Methods   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG® GPP analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composite comparator consisting of Premier Adenoclone Type 40/41 EIA (MeridianBioscience, K881894)^ directly on the stool specimen and Amplification + sequencing directlyfrom clinical specimen using one NAATt</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy followed by amplification + sequencing directly from clinical specimens using oneNAAT† (positive specimens by microscopy only)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial culture</td></tr></table>

^ Meridian Bioscience acquired Cambridge Bioscience Corp. products † NAAT, nucleic acid amplification test – see detailed description below

Clinical runs and re-runs using xTAG GPP were carried out on clinical specimens that had been extracted from the fresh or frozen state using the NucliSENS easyMAG method (bioMérieux, Inc.,

Durham, NC) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Total extracted nucleic acid material was stored at $\boldsymbol { - 7 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ prior to testing with xTAG GPP at each of the clinical sites. xTAG GPP positive results (expected values) for each individual target were summarized per age group in submission k121894, and are now summarized for the additional analytes in Table 26.

Table 26: Expected Values in stool specimens (As determined by xTAG GPP) – Summary by Age Groups for the xTAG GPP Prospective Clinical Evaluation (June 2011 – February 2012)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall(n=1407)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0-1 year (n=6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>&gt;1-5 years (n=20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>&gt;5-21 years (n=76)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>&gt;21-65 years(n=879)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>&gt;65 years(n=426)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibriocholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

Accuracy determinations (diagnostic sensitivity and specificity, positive and negative agreement) were based on the fraction of comparator positive (or negative) results which were also positive (or negative) by xTAG GPP. Sensitivity (or positive agreement) was calculated by dividing the total number of “true positive” xTAG GPP results (TP) by the sum of the TP and “false negative” (FN) xTAG GPP results. Specificity (or negative agreement) was calculated by dividing the total number of “true negative” xTAG GPP results (TN) by the sum of the TN and “false positive” (FP) xTAG GPP results. An xTAG GPP result was considered to be a TP or TN result only in the event that it agreed with the comparator method result for the analyte in question. $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals were calculated using the Wilson score method.

Since the reagents in the xTAG Kit remain the same, data from the original clinical study (k121894) are still applicable. Tables 27-29 present the stool results for each of the additional analyte targets added to the intended use of xTAG GPP for the clinical prospective sample set $\scriptstyle ( N = 1 4 0 7 )$ .

Table 27: 3X3 for Adenovirus 40/41 (stool)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Comparator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1159</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1407</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5% - 96.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7% - 99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 The one specimen that was positive for Adenovirus 40/41 by comparator but negative by xTAG GPP was positive by bi-directional sequencing only (i.e. FDA-cleared EIA negative).

Table 28: 3X3 for Entamoeba histolytica (stool)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Comparator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1407</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% - 98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 29: 3X3 for Vibrio cholerae (stool)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Comparator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1171</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1407</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2% - 99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

A summary of the prospective clinical performance data in human stool specimens (from k121894 and this submission) is presented for each of the analytes in Table 30 below.

Table 30: Summary of Prospective Performance Data $\scriptstyle ( N = 1 4 0 7 )$ ) testing human stool specimens including Adenovirus 40/41, E. histolytica and V. cholerae, with the results from k121894   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specificity</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number InvalidxTAG GPPResults due toPCR Inhibition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP /(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN /(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1161/1183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% - 98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7% - 98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1132/1189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8% - 96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli 0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1163/1174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3% - 99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1154/1174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% - 98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1138/1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7% - 97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1145/1164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5% - 99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1160/1178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6% - 99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1171/1174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2% - 99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number Invalid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN /(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPPResults due toPCR Inhibition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5% - 96.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1158/1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7% - 99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile ToxinA/B{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9% - 97.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>921/1035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9% - 90.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ETEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1% - 59.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1161/1166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0% - 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5% - 98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1022/1121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4% - 92.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1167/1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2% - 99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1160/1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% - 99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td></tr></table>

1A total of 95 specimens generated a “Nonspecific reaction, not characteristic of Clostridium difficile toxin. A titration test was performed on all 95 specimens and it was determined that in each case, the cytotoxicity reaction was not typical of C. difficile toxin.

When all of the analyte data is combined, xTAG GPP detected a total of 97 mixed infections in the prospective clinical evaluation. This represents $1 9 . 4 \%$ of the total number of xTAG GPP positive specimens (97/501). 58 (58/97; 59.8%) were double infections, 26 (26/97; $2 6 . 8 \%$ were triple infections, 7 (7/97; $7 . 2 \%$ ) were quadruple infections, 2 (2/97; $2 . 1 \%$ ) was sextuple infection and 4 were infected by 7 or more pathogens $( 4 / 9 7 ; 4 . 1 \% )$ . The single most common co-infections $( 2 3 / 9 7 ; 2 3 . 7 \% )$ was Norovirus GI/GII with C. difficile Toxin $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { B }$ . Out of the 97 co-infections, 92 contained one or more analytes that had not been detected with the reference/comparator methods, i.e. discrepant co-infections.

# Detection in Symptomatic Patients (Prospective Clinical Study in Stool in Cary-Blair Media)

Original comparator method test results for all samples in the prospective study (see k121894) were utilized for comparison to stool samples in Cary-Blair media for which adequate sample was available. The purpose of the study was to establish diagnostic accuracy of xTAG GPP in stool specimens in Cary-Blair medium. Clinical performance (sensitivity/positive percentage agreement and specificity/negative percentage agreement) of xTAG GPP on stool in Cary-Blair medium is summarized for each individual target in Table 31 below. For comparison purposes, clinical performance results generated from the unpreserved stool as part of the original clinical study are also presented.

Table 31: Summary of xTAG GPP Clinical Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Unpreserved Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Stool in Cary-Blair Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Unpreserved Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Stool in Cary-Blair Media</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9% -100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1161/1183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%-98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1284/1293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7% -99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%-98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7% -98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1132/1189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8% -96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1259/1288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%-98.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1154/1174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%-98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1276/1298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%-98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli O157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1163/1174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%-99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1287/1294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% -99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1138/1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7%-97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1275/1298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% -98.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1145/1164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%-99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1255/1289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3% -98.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1160/1178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%-99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1291/1296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%-99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1160/1178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6% -99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1296/1296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7% -100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Unpreserved Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Stool in Cary-Blair Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Unpreserved Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Stool in Cary-Blair Media</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40/411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5%-96.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7% -70.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1158/1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%-98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1285/1290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1% -99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficiletoxin A/B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9% -97.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.8%-98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>921/1035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9%-90.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1027/1118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1%-93.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ETEC LT/ST²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%-59.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3% -54.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1161/1166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0% -99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1283/1287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%-98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6% -98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1022/1121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4% -92.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1153/1224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%-95.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1167/1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%-99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1294/1294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7% -100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7% -100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7%-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1160/1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% -99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1290/1296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0% -99.8%</td></tr></table>

# Luminex

$^ 1 | { \mathsf { n } }$ the case of Adenovirus 40/41, one of the clinical specimens that was concordant positive in the original GPP runs performed on raw stool yielded a negative result when tested in Cary-Blair. MFI generated in the original stool run were close to the assay cut off (176) suggesting a low titer specimen. Two other specimens that were inhibited in the original stool runs performed on raw stool yielded a negative result in the Cary-Blair runs. Lastly, one specimen that was positive for Adenovirus 40/41 by composite comparator was unavailable for re-testing in the Cary-Blair study. For these reasons, positive agreement of xTAG GPP for Adenovirus 40/41 dropped from $80 \%$ (4/5) in the raw stool study to $3 3 . 3 \%$ (2/6) in the Cary-Blair evaluation.

2ETEC comparator results were calculated against a composite consisting of four well characterized nucleic acid amplification tests (NAATs) followed by bi-directional sequencing. All specimens that were false negative by xTAG GPP for ETEC were positive by only one out of four comparator NAATs. Repeat sequencing of these specimens were negative by all four NAAT, except for one sample which was positive by one NAAT.

Clinical sensitivity or positive agreement acceptance criterion of $90 \%$ with a lower bound $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of at least $80 \%$ was achieved for Norovirus GI/GII and Clostridium difficile toxin A/B on stool in Cary-Blair media. The results were equivalent to those obtained for unpreserved stool specimens. Similar to the unpreserved stool, the lower bound $9 5 \%$ confidence interval for sensitivity was not met for all other targets probed by xTAG GPP on stool in Cary-Blair media. This can be explained by the low positivity rate in the prospective sample set.

Although a smaller sample set was used for the pre-selected arm of the study, positive agreement between comparator and xTAG GPP results was $100 \%$ for all pre-selected targets tested. Clinical specificity or negative percentage agreement acceptance criterion of $90 \%$ with a lower bound $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of at least $90 \%$ were achieved for all targets probed by xTAG GPP.

# Other Supportive Clinical Data

# Pre-selected stool specimens Retrospective Study

A total of 207 archived stool specimens that were positive by reference/comparator for pathogens that were of low prevalence in the prospective clinical study were collected at multiple sites in North America, Africa and Europe. Luminex was unable to source any stool specimens that tested positive for Vibrio cholerae by reference method for the pre-selected arm of the study. As previously noted, the range of analyte concentrations in these pre-selected specimens represented the clinically relevant range of concentrations observed in patients with gastrointestinal infection. All pre-selected positive specimens were tested with xTAG GPP at 4 sites (3 of which were external to LMD), along with negative clinical specimens in a randomized, blinded fashion. The “negative” designation for these specimens was based on the routine algorithms used at the banking site (e.g. bacterial culture, EIA, microscopy, in-house real time PCR). These algorithms did not test for all pathogen targets probed by xTAG GPP. Table 32 summarizes the positive agreement between reference/comparator and xTAG GPP for all preselected targets evaluated.

Table 32: Positive Percent Agreement of xTAG GPP in the Pre-selected Stool Data Set   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">95%CI for PositiveAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number Invalid xTAG GPPResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TP /(TP+FN)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 40/41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.8% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40/41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.4% - 99.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.7% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoebahistolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli 01571</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.5% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ETEC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38/39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.8% - 99.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia{</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.7% - 98.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.9% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.89%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.9% - 96.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC³3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr></table>

1- Eight (8)/8 E. coli 0157 were also positive for STEC by xTAG GPP. Sample remnants of all 8 E. coli 0157 specimens were tested for the presence of stx1 and stx2 genes by bi-directional sequencing and the results added to those obtained for STEC.

2- One (1) false negative Giardia specimen was reported. This specimen was also negative for Giardia by in-house eal-time PCR performed at the site.

3- Six (6)/10 STEC were also positive for E. coli 0157 by xTAG GPP. Sample remnants of all 10 STEC specimens were assessed by bi-directional sequencing for E. coli 0157 and the results added to those obtained for E. coli 0157.

Confirmatory testing by nucleic acid amplification followed by bi-directional sequencing using analytically validated primers was also conducted on all available specimens tested in the preselected arm of the clinical study. More specifically, confirmatory testing was performed for those analytes that were positive by xTAG GPP but not pre-selected at the banking site in order to determine whether these additional positive calls represented True Positive (TP) or False Positive (FP) clinical results. To the extent possible, sequencing primers targeted genomic regions distinct from those of the kit primers. xTAG GPP generated 122 additional positive calls (after allowable re-runs) for analytes that were not pre-selected at the banking site. Results of confirmatory testing from the preselected study were presented in the submission summary k121894, and the additional analyte results only are presented here. Sequencing primer validation studies were also presented in the submission summary k121894 and are not repeated here.

Table 33: 3X3 Table for Additional Adenovirus 40/41 Confirmatory Testing Results – Pre-selected Stool Sample Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PCR/Bi-directional Sequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Done</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>470</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate (N=480)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 34: 3X3 Table for Additional Entamoeba histolytica Confirmatory Testing Results – Preselected Stool Sample Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PCR/Bi-directional Sequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Done</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate (N=480)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\* 1 specimen was pre-selected for Entamoeba histolytica.

Table 35: 3X3 Table for Additional Vibrio Cholerae Confirmatory Testing Results – Pre-selected Stool Sample Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PCR/Bi-directional Sequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Done</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate (N=480)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

xTAG GPP detected a total of 73 mixed infections in the pre-selected arm of the clinical study. This represents $2 9 . 9 \%$ of the total number of xTAG GPP positive specimens (73/244). 59 $( 5 9 / 7 3 ; 8 0 . 8 \% )$ were double infections, 13 $( 1 3 / 7 3 ; 1 7 . 8 \% )$ were triple infections and 1 was quadruple infection $( 1 / 7 3 ; 1 . 4 \% )$ . The single most common co-infections (excluding E. coli 0157 with STEC; ${ \mathsf { N } } { = } 1 2$ ) was ETEC with Shigella $( 6 / 7 3 ; 8 . 2 \% )$ . Out of the 73 co-infections, 26 contained one or more analytes that was not confirmed by bi-directional sequencing, i.e. discrepant co-infections. All mixed infection combinations detected by the reference/comparator methods were detected by xTAG GPP.

# Pre-selected Stool in Cary-Blair Specimens Retrospective Study

Remnants of available pre-selected frozen stool specimens tested as part of the original clinical study were mixed proportionally with Cary-Blair medium and tested in a randomized, blinded fashion. Results are presented in the table below.

Table 36: Positive percent agreement of xTAG GPP in the pre-selected Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">95%ConfidenceInterval (CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofInvalidResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TP/(TP+FN)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.3% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli 0157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26/26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.1% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.2% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr></table>

Supplemental Clinical Data (Simulated Stool Specimen Results) Due to difficulties in sourcing a sufficient number of retrospective stool specimens positive by reference method for Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae, the performance of the xTAG GPP assay for these targets was further evaluated on contrived samples made using individual stool matrix spiked with varying levels of pathogen representing both the clinically relevant concentrations and concentrations that challenge the Limit of Detection (LoD) of the xTAG GPP assay. The results of testing are provided below (Table 37) and met study acceptance criteria.

Table 37: Summary of the Results Obtained for the Analyte Positive Contrived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanMFIValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.76x101 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/25 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2419</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23x10² cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.96x102 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23x10³ cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23x104 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65x104 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3086</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00x104 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20x105 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00x105 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00x106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2673</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Entamoeba histolytica OverallPositive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100/100 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Vibriocholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.86x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/25 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00x10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/5 (80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00x10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1821</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00x10° CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00x10° CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00x108 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Vibrio cholerae OverallPositive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/50 (98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5%-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100/100 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%-100%</td></tr></table>

\*Confidence intervals (CI) calculated using CI calculator available online at http://www.vassarstats.net/prop1.html

The 50 Entamoeba histolytica contrived stool specimens had $100 \%$ (50/50) concordance with the expected positive result. The signals for the Entamoeba histolytica positive calls ranged from 299 MFI – 5327 MFI and the internal control signal (MS2) was present for all specimens. The 50 Vibrio cholerae contrived stool specimens had $98 \%$ (49/50) concordance with the expected positive result. The one sample that did not call positive hand a signal of 73 MFI, which is near the positive call threshold of 150 MFI. The signal range for all Vibrio cholerae contrived stool specimens was 73 MFI – 2328 MFI; the signal range for the specimens which called positive for Vibrio cholerae was 899MFI – 2328MFI. All contrived negative stool specimens $( N = 5 0 )$ produced the expected negative result for all analytes. The internal control (MS2) was present in all the negative contrived stool specimens and produced a signal range of 210 MFI – 1463 MFI.

Supplemental Clinical Data (Simulated Stool in Cary-Blair Specimen Results)

In order to assess whether Cary-Blair results generated for Adenovirus 40/41 in the prospective study were an accurate representation of the performance of xTAG GPP for this target, contrived specimens made from individual negative stool specimens in Cary-Bair were prepared at concentration spanning the analytical detection range of the assay and tested in a randomized fashion with negative specimens. Both Adenovirus 40 and 41 cultured isolates were tested and $50 \%$ of the samples were prepared at a concentration of 2x LoD. Results of this evaluation are presented in the table below (Table 38).

Table 38. Summary of the results for Adenovirus 40/41 stool in Cary-Blair contrived samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiples of LoD(approximatedbased on real-time PCR assay)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofContrivedSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpectedPositive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval (CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Type 40(Dugan)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (13/13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.32 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.28 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Adenovirus 40 Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (25/25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7% -100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Zeptometrix</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Type 41(Tak)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (12/12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (7/7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.92 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Adenovirus 41 Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (25/25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7% -100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Adenovirus 40/41 Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9% - 100%</td></tr></table>

In addition, due to the limited number of Entamoeba histolytica and Vibrio cholerae clinical samples available for testing during the clinical study, an additional study of contrived specimens in Cary-Blair was performed. A total of 150 stool in Cary-Blair contrived specimens consisting of 50 negative specimens, 50 specimens positive for Entamoeba histolytica and 50 specimens positive for Vibrio cholerae were analyzed with the xTAG GPP assay. Contrived specimens in Cary-Blair were prepared in the same manner as contrived stool specimens (see above). Results of this evaluation are summarized in the table below.

Table 39. Summary of the results obtained for the analyte positive stool in Cary-Blair contrived specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean MFIValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.76x10² Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/24 (92%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.61x10² Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2652</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.22x10² Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84x10³3 Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00x104 Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2958</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00x104 Cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Entamoeba histolytica Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/49 (96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3% - 98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.68x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/25 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00x107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00x10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00x108 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00x108 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Vibrio cholerae Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9% - 100%</td></tr></table>

\*Confidence intervals (CI) calculated using CI calculator available online at http://www.vassarstats.net/prop1.html

# Supplemental Clinical Data (Botswana Pediatric Stool Specimens)

The clinical performance of xTAG GPP for Adenovirus 40/41, Rotavirus, ETEC, Cryptosporidium and Giardia was also evaluated in a set of pediatric stool specimens $( N { = } 3 1 3 )$ ) prospectively collected between February 2011 and January 2012 from symptomatic pediatric patients admitted to two referral hospitals in Botswana, Africa. All pediatric patients included in this evaluation presented with diarrhea and/or vomiting. All specimens were shipped frozen to a testing site located in Southern Ontario (Canada). As described and presented in k121894, comparator testing by nucleic acid amplification followed by bi-directional sequencing using analytically validated primers was performed on samples positive for Adenovirus 40/41, Rotavirus, ETEC, Cryptosporidium and Giardia by xTAG GPP. In order to minimize bias, a random subset of the Botswana cohort that tested negative by xTAG GPP was assessed by the same nucleic acid amplification followed by bi-directional sequencing method for Rotavirus, ETEC, Cryptosporidium and Giardia. In addition, all available clinical specimens $\scriptstyle ( N = 3 1 1 )$ were assessed for Adenovirus 40/41 using the same FDA-cleared EIA as that used in the prospective study (Premier Adenoclone Type 40/41 EIA, Meridian Bioscience, K881894). Results for Adenovirus 40/41 are presented below. Results for other analytes were previously presented in the submission summary for k121894.

Table 40: 3X3 Table for Adenovirus 40/41 - Botswana Stool Sample Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Adenovirus Type 40/41 EIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.7% - 78.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 All 17 specimens that were positive for Adenovirus 40/41 by comparator but negative by xTAG GPP were positive by bidirectional sequencing only (i.e. FDA-cleared EIA negative). All these 17 specimens were assessed by real-time PCR for Adenovirus (all sub-types) at the laboratory testing site. The mean Ct value for these 17 specimens was 33.1; indicating low viral titer in these specimens, which is less clinically relevant.

2 All these 35 specimens were also assessed by real-time PCR for Adenovirus (all sub-types) at the laboratory testing site. In contrast to the 17 specimens in footnote 1 above, the mean Ct value for the 35 adenovirus samples positive by the PCR/Bidirectional sequencing assay and detected by xTAG GPP in this cohort was 21.38; indicating higher viral titer in these specimens, which is more clinically relevant.

3 222 of the comparator negative Adenovirus 40/41 specimens were assessed by FDA-cleared EIA only.   
4 Six out of a total of 313 samples tested by the xTAG GPP generated an “invalid” result for Adenovirus 40/41.

Nucleic acid amplification followed by bi-directional sequencing using analytically validated primers was also performed on all available clinical specimens that were positive by xTAG GPP for other analytes. The tables below summarize the confirmed xTAG GPP positive rate (i.e., confirmed xTAG GPP positives/all xTAG GPP positives) by PCR/bi-directional sequencing for Entamoeba Histolytica and Vibrio cholerae. Results for Campylobacter, C. difficile Toxin A/B, E. coli O157, Norovirus, Salmonella, Shigella, and STEC were previously presented in the submission summary for k121894.

Table 41: 3X3 Table for Entamoeba Histolytica - Botswana Stool Sample Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PCR/Bi-directional Sequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Done</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed Positive Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 42: 3X3 Table for Vibrio cholerae - Botswana Stool Sample Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xTAG GPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PCR/Bi-directional Sequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Done</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed Positive Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr></table>

xTAG GPP detected a total of 115 mixed infections in the Botswana study. This represents $40 . 5 \%$ of the total number of xTAG GPP positive specimens (115/284). 8 8 (88/115; 76.5%) were double infections, 20 (20/115; $1 1 7 . 4 \%$ were triple infections, $\dot { > } ( 5 / 1 1 5 ; 4 . 3 \% )$ were quadruple infections and 2 (2/115; $1 . 7 \% )$ were quintuple infections. The single most common co-infection was Rotavirus with Campylobacter (18/115; $1 5 . 6 \% )$ . Out of the 115 co-infections, 22 contained one or more analytes that was not confirmed by bi-directional sequencing, i.e. discrepant co-infections.

A summary of the specimen failure rates are summarized for each clinical study in Table 43 below.

Table 43: Summary of Sample Failure Rates in Clinical Performance Studies   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clinical Studies</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total # ofspecimenstested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample Failure due toPCR Inhibition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample Failure due to PCRContamination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Re-runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Re-runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Re-runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Re-runs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-selected Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Botswana Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6%</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values / Reference Range

In addition to the Expected Values information for additional analytes presented in Table 26 above (summary by age groups), Table 44 details the expected values by site. Expected values for other analytes were presented in the decision summary for k121894.

Table 44: Expected Values (As determined by xTAG GPP) – Summary by Site for the xTAG GPP Prospective Clinical Evaluation (Jun 2011 to Feb. 2012)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target (Analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall (n=1407)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1 (n=434)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2 (n=428)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3 (n=155)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 4 (n=260)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 5 (n=88)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 6 (n=42)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr></table>

Luminex Molecular Diagnostics

Instrument and System Information Luminex MAGPIX with xPONENT Software

1. Modes of Operation: See Device Description above.

2. Software: Hazard Analysis included in original k121894 submission documentation

3. Specimen Identification:

Users must fill in Batch Information by providing a unique batch Name, Description and Creator.   
Users have to enter appropriate patient information, i.e. number of samples, and sample IDs.

4. Specimen Sampling and Handling:

DNA is extracted using the bioMérieux NucliSENS easyMAG system. Samples are manually prepared for amplification according to assay package insert and, once amplified, are transferred to a 96-well microtiter plate for analysis on the Luminex system.

# 5. Calibration:

The Luminex MAGPIX Calibration Kit is intended to calibrate the optics of the MAGPIX instrument. During calibration, the system adjusts LED current and calibration factors for CL1, CL2, and RP1 until those values match the imported target values, thus calibrating the classification map. This product is not intended to be used in place of the assay calibrators or assay controls that are required to verify the proper function of a given assay.

6. Quality Control:

The Luminex MAGPIX Performance Verification Kit is intended to verify the optical calibration of the MAGPIX instrument. This product is not intended to be used in place of the assay calibrators or assay controls that are required to verify the proper function of a given assay.