This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K141520

# SUBMITTER

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359   
CONTACT PERSON   
Angela Drysdale   
(207) 730-5737 (0ffice)   
(207) 730-5767 (FAX)   
Angela.drysdale@alere.com (email)

DATE PREPARED 6/10/2014

TRADE NAME Alere™ i Influenza A & B

COMMON NAME Alere™ i flu, Alere™ i, Alere™ Influenza A & B

CLASSIFICATION NAME Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay (per 21 CFR 866.3980) Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems (per 21 CFR 862.2570)

CLASSIFICATION Class II

PRODUCT CODE OCC, OZE, 001

PANEL Microbiology (83)

PREDICATE DEVICE IQuum Liat™ Influenza A/B Assay, K111387

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Alere™ i Influenza A & B is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection and diferentiation o influenza A and inluenza Bfro nasal swab specens collected rom patients prening with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Alere™i Influenza A & B System utilizes isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology and is comprised of:

Sample Receiver - single use, disposable containing the elution buffer   
Test Base  single use, disposable comprising two sealed reaction tubes, each containing a   
lyophilized pellet   
Transfer Cartridge  single use, disposable for transfer of the eluted sample to the Test Base, and   
Alere™ i Instrument - repeat use reader

The reactn tube  heTet Base cntaine agent requre orpliation  he treuc and an internal control.Alere™ i Influenza A &Builizes a pairof templates (similar to primers) or he speciicamplification of RNA from influenza A and B and a fluorescently labeled molecular beacon designed to specifically identify the amplified RNA targets. Alere™ i Influenza A & B is performed within the confinement of the Test Base, and no other part of the Alere™ i Instrument has contact with the sample during the amplification process.This minimizes the risk of instrument contamination and sample carryover between measurements.

To perform the assay, the Sample Receiver and Test Base re inserted into he Alere™i Instrument and he eln buffris utatically heated by he nstrument.The ample is ded to the SampleReceivn tranerrveransr artriheTe Bas eninheohil pel i the Test Base and initiating target ampliication Heating, mixing and detection by fuoecence is proied by the instrument, with results automatically reported.

Reult risplaye byhlerIstrpraty orza  zaResult stored in an on-board archive and are assigned to a sample ID that has been entered into the Alere™ i Instrument by the operator, and the date/time the test was performed. Data can be retrieved and downloaded by the operator at any time after testing.An external Alere™ Universal Printer can be attaced via USB to the Alere™ i Instrument to print test results.

# INTENDED USE

The Alere™ i Influenza A & B assay performed on the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diasesttilzinoheralnucpliiatin nolg e alitaivetect discrimination of influenza A and B viral RNA in nasal swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of reatory ion. It iseeor us s nid inheiental os za Aand infions uans in cnuction with cinicl and epidemilogicalisk fctors. The say is otinte to detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2012-2013 influenza season when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Alere™iInfluenza A &Band the preicate devic, Iuu Liat Influenza A/B Assay,have he same int u indications or use, and tilize smir basi principleeratin.They are both molecular tsts for the qualitative detection of influenza A and B viral nucleic acid.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

Alere™ i Influenza A &Bwas compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the IQuum Liat ™ Influenza A/B Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IQuum Liat ™ Influenza A/B Assay (K111387)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC, OZE, 001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC, 001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A, Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B is a rapid,instrument-based, molecular invitro diagnostic test utilizingisothermal nucleic acidamplification technology for thequalitative detection of influenza Aand B viral nucleic acid in nasalswab specimens. It is intended toaid in the rapid differentialdiagnosis of influenza A and B viralinfections in humans inconjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors. Theassay is not intended to detect thepresence of influenza C virusNegative results do not preclude</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>The IQuum LiatTM Influenza A/B Assayperformed on the LiatTM Analyzer is anautomated multiplex real-time RT-PCR assay forthe rapid in vitro qualitative detection anddiscrimination of influenza A virus and influenzaB virus RNA in nasopharyngeal swab specimensfrom patients with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection in conjunction with clinicaland epidemiological risk factors. The test isintended for use as an aid in the differentialdiagnosis of influenza A and influenza B inhumans and is not intended to detect influenzaC.Negative results do not preclude influenza virusinfection and should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or other patient managementdecisions. Conversely, positive results do notrule-out bacterial infection or co-infection withother viruses. The agent detected may not be thedefinite cause of disease.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza virus infection andshould not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatment or</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>other patient managementdecisions.1Performance characteristics forinfluenza A were establishedduring the 2012-2013 influenzaseason when influenza A/H3 andA/H1N1 pandemic were thepredominant influenza A viruses incirculation. When other influenzaA viruses are emerging,performance characteristics mayvary.If infection with a novel influenzaA virus is suspected based oncurrent clinical and</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IQuum Liat ™ Influenza A/B Assay (K111387)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>epidemiological screening criteriarecommended by public healthauthorities, specimens should becollected with appropriateinfection control precautions fornovel virulent Influenza virusesand sent to state or local healthdepartment for testing. Viralculture should not be attempted inthese cases unless a BSL 3+ facilityis available to receive and culturespecimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Environment forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use, in a medicallaboratory or point-of-care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use, in a medical laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liat ™ Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Self-Contained System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrated PC, Software, and TouchScreen Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes. Sample preparation,amplification, detection, and resultinterpretation.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Information.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentaYlowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Viral Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PB2 segment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix Gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Viral Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PA segment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Structural Protein (NSP) Gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isothermal nucleic acidamplification for detecting thepresence/absence of viral RNA inclinical specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RT-PCR for detecting the presence/absence ofviral RNA in clinical specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay uses different reporter dyesfor each target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex assay using different reporter dyes foreach target</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 15 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20 minutes</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL STUDY

Clinical performance characteristics o Alere™ i Influenza A &B were evaluated in a multi-ite prosective study during the 2012-2013 flu season in the U.S. A total of eight investigational site throughout the U.S. pae Tehe  pe e pa centers with flu-like symptoms. Direct nasal swab specimens from patients with flu-like symptoms were collected and tested using the Alere™i Influenza A &Bat the eight study sites. Viral culture performed according to standard virology culture procedures, was utilized as the reference method for this study.

Two nasal swabs were collected from one nostril from each subject usin standard collecion methods. At all si, one nasal swab was testedirectly on Alere™i Infuenza A &Bacrding to produc instructions. The asal swab was eluted  3-Lovial transport medi TM).ix the ight is (Sie , Sit Sie 8 Site 10, Site 11, and Site 12) shipped nasal swab samples in VTM to a central testing laboratory for viral culue testingThis central testigbratory was locateat ie , which also participated as a ple collection and Alere™i Influenza A &B testing site. The nasal swab samples in VTM from Site 2 and Site were cultured on site by a local laboratory.

Exteral contro testig, using Alere™ Inluenza A & Bosiive and NegativeControls, was perrmp to sample testing each day and on each Alere™iinstrument the testing was performed, at all study sites.

All pecimens generating discrepant Alere™ i Influenza A &Band viral culture results were investigated by testing using an FDA-cleared Influenza RT-PCR assay at a central testing laboratory located at Site 1.

A total of 612 nasal swab specimens were enrolled in this study. Of those, 7 nasal swab specimens did not mee eligibility criteria. A total of 58direct nasal swab specimens were considere evaluable. Patintae and gender distribution for all the evaluable specimens is presented in the table below.

# Age and Gender Distribution - Direct Nasal Swab Study

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group    1Li</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FemaleMale</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 to 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 10 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 to 15 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21 to 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td></tr></table>

Of the evaluable 585 specimens, Alere™ i Influenza A & B generated influenza A invalid results for 14 specimens and influenza B invalid results for 16 specimens, resulting in a total of 571 specimens for influenza A performance analysis and 569 specimens for influenza B performance analysis.

Compare to the viral culture rerence method, the perormance  Alere™  Influenza A & Bfor influenz A and influenza B are presented in the two tables below.

Alere™ i Influenza A & B Influenza A Direct Nasal Swab Performance against Viral Culture   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere17Xy:B1EInfluenza A &amp;B-,1-1 4. :   42-Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>vb-4    Culturex$$    -j3^      &quot;72u456.2.5 4.:i.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositlveF1751248• it</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative : .53t-27    0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totalx-       1i8}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$2 b$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>571</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity:92/94     97.9% (95%Cl: 92.6%-99.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity: 411/477  86.2% (95%CI: 82.8%-89.0%)</td></tr></table>

Flu A nucleic acid was detected in 58/66 False Positive specimens using an FDA-cleared molecular test

b Flu A nucleic acid was not detected in 1/2 False Negative specimens using an FDA-cleared molecular tes

Alere™ i Influenza A & B Influenza B Direct Nasal Swab Performance against Viral Culture   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere      6&quot;&quot;atlcy11iiInfluenza&#x27;A&amp;;4B - FluB     &gt;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>0.&quot;a      Culture     t   &#x27;*&quot;s-             4171,2..&#x27;•:I4f}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positiveiti.s4   I .$$\ra}$&quot;s!.,u$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative  : 41.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1    Total         16:5&#x27; </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>569</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity:74/80     92.5% (95%CI: 84.6%-96.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity: 472//489  96.5% (95%Cl: 94.5%-97.8%)</td></tr></table>

PeroracAlerInenzaA&or he eteton nflenzaAan ifuenz Bveru clu presented in the table below stratified by patient age.

Nasal Swab Performance Obtained for Influenza A and Influenza B with the Alere™ i Influenza A & B in Comparison to Viral Culture  Stratified by Patient Age   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;   wi &#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>≤ 5 Years of Age(n332)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6 - ≤ 21Years of Age.4(n=162)t</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>thar22 Years of AgeH{2(n =77)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfluenzaType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivityt95% CI   sa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;$\.Specificity&quot;  95%CIdl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity·95% CI </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;tSpecificityA    95% CI  i.:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity\   95% CI.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(58/59)91.0% - 99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0%(243/273)84.7% - 92.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(31/31)89.0% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5%(112/131)78.5% - 90.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%(3/4)30.1% - 95.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.7%(56/73)65.8% - 84.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%(32/36)74.7% - 95.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%(288/294)95.6% - 99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(34/36)81.9% - 98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%(122/126)92.1% - 98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(8/8)67.6% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9%(62/69)80.5% - 95.0%</td></tr></table>

Alere™ i Influenza A & B detected one mixed influenza A and B infection in the prospective clinical oylu A only by an FDA cleared Influenza RT-PCR assay.

During the prospective clinical study, the initial invalid rate (before repeat testing per the product instructions) was $5 . 8 \%$ (34/585)( $9 5 \%$ CI: $4 . 2 \%$ to $8 . 0 \%$ ) for Flu A, and $3 . 6 \%$ (21/585) $9 5 \%$ CI: $2 . 4 \%$ to $5 . 4 \% )$ for Flu B. After repeat testing per the product instructions, the invalid rate was $2 . 4 \%$ (14/585) $9 5 \%$ EY CI: $1 . 4 \% , 4 . 0 \% )$ for Flu A, and $2 . 7 \%$ (16/585) $9 5 \%$ CI: $1 . 7 \% , 4 . 4 \% ]$ for Flu B.

ANALYTICAL STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

Alere™i InfenzaA &Blimi  detecion LoD)innatural nasalswab matrix was deteried by valai ifettons rai zaAand aisnz Bviru nAlerI & B. Three strains of influenza A virus representing each of the three common currently or recently circulating influenza A subtypes (i.e., A/H1N1, A/H3N2 seasonal, and A/H1N1 pandemic (pdm)) and two strains of influenza B virus representing eachof the twoinfluenza B enetic lneages ie., Victoria and Yamagata) were included in this study. ?

Presumed negative natural nasal swab specimens were eluted in UTM. Swab elutes were combined and miorgly create  cinl matri pool t be us s he ilent.ac ifuza vir ra was dilute inhis natural nasalswab matrix pool to generate virus dilutions or testingThe vener provided virus strains were re-titered and the concentrations (ir $\mathsf { \Omega } _ { \mathsf { I } } \mathsf { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } \bigr ]$ were determined by standard virologic method. The concentration for each dilution (in genome equivalents/ $\mathrm { \cdot } \mathrm { m L }$ ) was also assessed using laboratory developed and validated influenza A and influenza B quantitative real-time PCR assays.

Contrived nasal swab specimens were prepared by coating 10 microliters of each virus dilution onto the swab. The contrived swab samples were tested according to product instructions.

The LoD for each influenza strain tested was determined as the lowest virus concentration that was detected $\geq 9 5 \%$ of the time (i.e., concentration at which at least 19 out of 20 replicates tested positive).

The conrmed Los in natural nasal swabmatri r ach influenzastrain teste are preente i the able below: 1

Limit of Detection (LoD) Study Results - Natural Nasal Swab Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza&#x27;Strain$}$             *2{}$&#x27;                &quot;pi5 *i%1.4     6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ASubtype orInfluenza BGenetlc2 Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD(TCIDso/mL)1,45    o     rac{2 }$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x: •LoD(TCIDso/Swab)*5.&quot;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (GenomeEquivalents/mL): \fra3}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD (Genome.Equivalents/Swab)5:               Carit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Puerto Rico/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88 x 10s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.88 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22 x 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.60 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.60 x 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.91x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.91 x 102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/7/20097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/2009H1N1 pdm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20 x 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B Victorialineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24 x 102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bangladesh/3333/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B Yamagatalineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.55 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.55 x 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36 x 102</td></tr></table>

\*Note; 10 ul of each virus dilution was coated onto a swab

# REACTIVITY TESTING

An nalytical reactivity inclusivity study was performed to determine whether theAlerei InfluenzaA &B assay is able to detect a variety of influenza A and B strains that represent temporal and geographic diversity.

Vender provided stocks of influenza A and B strains were diluted in UTM to generate virus dilutions for testing. The concentration (in $\mathrm { T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L , C E I D _ { 5 0 } / m L , }$ or $\mathrm { E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { \dot { m } } \mathrm { \dot { L } } )$ for each strain was determined by standard virologic method. The concentration for each dilution (in genome equivalents/mL) was also assessedusing laboratory developed and validated influenza A and influenza B quantitative real-time PCR assays.

Contrived swab specimens were prepared by coating 10 microliters of virus dilution onto each swab. The contrived swab samples were tested according to product instructions.

The artgdilu ration ecter esti this sudy wa hher han e tablisheosin heLimarn  w l re wr tetripicatn sneut reeplica rateegativ sulWhegaivu was obtained, additional 2-fold dilutions were tested, starting from the highest dilution that produced $100 \%$ (/3) posiive results.A concentration level was considere "reactive/positive in this study for all but strain tested (i.e., B/Texas/06/2011  see footnote "c" under the table below) if all three replicates generated a positive result for the expected influenza virus.

The Alere™ i Influenza A &Bassay detected al strains tested at the concentrations indicated in the able below:

# Analytical Reactivity Study Results

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza Straint1Sunv4,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza ASubtype or5."SF         4,4Influenza'B eneti" 4"    ;2d.Lineage</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Test Conceñtration (in TClDso or Genome Equivalents,   Tunless Indicatedotherwise          itph                        #..,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">FluA,1 eResult indicated otherwise)      A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">FluBResult Aou.'indicatedotherwise}</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/ml.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCIDso/Swab$^ra{ }$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenomeEquivalents/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenomeEquivalents/Swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.19 x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.19 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.09 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.09 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.41 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.41 x 10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.52 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.52 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/2007*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.39x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.39 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">t</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WSN/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11 x 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.43 x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.43 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.22 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.22x102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.31 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.31x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">'+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.03 x 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.03x 10-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.70 x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.70x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08 x 10s</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.47x106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.47×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/3/75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.68 x 10s</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.68 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.39x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.39 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.81 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.81 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.57x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.57x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16 x 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.37x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.37x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50 x 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50x 10.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.35 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.35 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56 x 10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.53x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.53 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/4/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1(pdm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.07x106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.07x104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Maryland/04/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1(pdm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.88 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.88 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.81 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.81 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/18/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1(pdm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.16x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.16 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013(Inactivated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H7N9(Detected inChina in 2013)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00 x 106EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00 x 104EIDs0/Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.72 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.72 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/10/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 x 108EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 x 106EID50/Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 1÷4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$ra$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F   :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b  "</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ba</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.:  7180</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00 x 101CEIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00 x 10-1CEID50/Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Victoria/504/2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19x101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.29x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.29x 10²2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.75x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.75x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13x 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Montana/05/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.00 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.00 x 10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.55x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.55x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YamagataLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.51 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.51 x 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13 x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-U</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Russia/69h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YamagataLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.44 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.44 x 10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.96 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.96 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YamagataLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.68 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.68 x 102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16 x106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YamagataLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.25 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.25 x 10·1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.28 x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.28 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/06/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YamagataLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.89 x 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.25 x 103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 x 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr></table>

\*Note: 10 ul of each virus dilution was coated onto a swab

{pre-2009 pandemic), A/H7N9 (detected in China in 2013) and A/H3N2v viruses have not been established.

Influenza B/Russia/69 lowest level in which $_ { 3 / 3 }$ replicates were positive is approximately 40 to $\mathtt { 1 5 0 x }$ the LoD (as comparing to the Genome $_ 3 \prime$ -end of template 2. This G to A polymorphism results in a $\mathtt { G / C }$ (product/template) match to an $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { C }$ (product/template) mismatch. An A/C mismatch is determined to be moderately destabilizing, and coupled to its position only 4 nucleotides from the ${ \mathfrak { z } } ^ { \prime }$ -end of the template 2 recognition region, its the NCBI Influenza Virus Resource database from 2/2005 to 3/2014 $( N = 9 8 6 )$ , no strains contained this polymorphism, suggesting that it has not been circulating for an extended period of time.

Influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2010 lowest level in which $^ { 3 / 3 }$ replicates were positive is approximately 15 to ${ \boldsymbol { 6 0 } } \times { \mathrm { \Omega } }$ the LoD, and Influenza B/Texas/06/2011 lowest level in which at least $^ { 1 / 3 }$ replicates were positive is approximately 25 to $\mathbf { 1 0 0 x }$ the LoD (as comparing to the Genome 0// respectively). A single G to A polymorphism within segment PA of the Influenza $\mathtt { B }$ genome was identified at a position which is 5 nucleotides from the $_ { 3 ^ { \prime } }$ assessment of what impact this polymorphism would have on the melting temperature $\left( \mathsf { T m } \right)$ of the molecular beacon/product 1 annealing was performed and the results showed a Tm drop from $6 2 . 3 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $5 5 . 6 ^ { \circ } \complement ,$ just below the assay running temperature. This suggests that annealing would of approximately $5 \%$ within the NCBI Influenza Virus Resource database covering the time frame from 2/2005 through 3/2014.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS-REACTIVITY)

To determine the analytical specificity of Alere™ i Influenza A & B, 53 commensal and pathogenic micorganisms (37 bactera, 15 viruses and 1 yeast) that may be present in the nasal cavity or nasopharynx were tested.All of the following microorganisms were negative when tested at concentrationsranging from

E $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ to 1010 cells/mL, CFU/mL or IFU/mL (bacteria), $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ or $\mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ (viruses), and 108 cells/mL (yeast).

# Bacteria

# Viruses

# Yeast

Acinetobacter calcoaceticus   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Bordetella pertussis   
Chlamydia pneumoniae   
Corynebacterium diphtheriae   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli   
Gardnerella vaginalis   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus casei   
Lactobacillus plantarum   
Legionella pneumophila   
Listeria monocytogenes   
Moraxella/Branhamella catarrhalis   
Mycobacterium avium   
Mycobacterium intracellulare   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Neisseria sicca   
Neisseria subflava   
Proteus vulgaris   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Serratia marcescens   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus, Group A   
Streptococcus, Group B   
Streptococcus, Group C   
Streptococcus, Group F   
Streptococcus, Group G   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus salivarius   
Streptococcus sanguinis   
Adenovirus type 1 Candida albicans   
Adenovirus type 7   
Human Coronavirus OC43   
Human Coronavirus 229E   
Enterovirus/Coxsackievirus B4   
Human Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (Herpes V)   
Epstein Barr Virus   
Human metapneumovirus   
Measles (Edmonston)   
Mumps {Enders)   
Parainfluenza 1   
Parainfluenza 2   
Parainfluenza 3   
Respiratory Syncytial Virus type B   
Rhinovirus type 1A

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The following substances, naturally present in respiratory specimens or that may be artificialy intrucd into the nasal cavity or nasopharynx, were evaluated with Alere™ i Influenza A & B at the concentrations listed below and were found not to affect test performance.

# Substance

Mucin   
Whole Blood   
Sinus Buster Nasal Spray   
NeoSynephrine Cold & Sinus Extra Strength Spray

Concentration $2 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g } } / \mathrm { m L }$ 50 μl/mL $2 0 0 \mu \mathrm { l / m L }$ EP $2 0 0 \mu \mathrm { l / m L }$ EP

Zicam Extreme Congestion Relief   
4-acetamidophenol   
Acetylsalicylic acid   
Albuterol   
Chlopheniramine   
Dexamethasone   
Dextromethorphan   
Diphenhydramine   
Doxylamine Succinate   
Ephedrine   
Flunisolide   
Guaiacol glycerol ether   
Mupirocin   
Oxymetazoline   
Phenylephrine   
Rebetol   
Relenza   
Rimatadine   
Tamiflu   
Tobryamycin   
Triamcinolone

200 μl/mL   
200 μg/mL   
650 μg/mL   
400 ng/mL   
145 ng/mL   
0.80 mg/mL   
1 μl/mL   
5 μg/mL   
236 ng/mL   
237 ng/mL   
6.8 ng/mL   
3.5 ng/mL   
12 mg/mL   
0.6 mg/mL   
12 mg/mL   
4.5 μg/mL   
282 ng/mL   
282 ng/mL   
1.1 μg/mL   
2.43 mg/mL   
40 μg/mL

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Areprucbily stud Aler™ Infuenza A &was conduced byeratorsfromhree ies usi pa o lnd coded specimens containing negative, high negative (below the limit f detecion), low positive (at the meen, andmoerate posiiv bove hemi etetnifza Aand vilmle.

Vul we earuszrannzra UnirlTr Medium (UTM). The concentrations of the viral stocks (i $\nwarrow C I D _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ were determined by standard virologic method prior to inactivation by the venders. The concentration for each dilution (in genome equivalents $\mathrm { m L }$ ) was also assessed using laboratory developed'and validated influenza A and influenza B quantitative real-time PCR assays.

Contrived nasal swab specimens were prepared by coating 10 microliters of each virus dilution onto the swab. The contrived swab samples were tested according to product instructions. \$

Particpants tested eac sampl multiple times nfive diffrent days. The percnt agreeent with expe results for the influenza A moderate positive, low positive, and high negative samples were $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90), $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90) and $7 0 \%$ (63/90), respectfully. The percent agreement with expected result for the influenza B moderate positive, low positive, and high negative samples were $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90), $9 2 \%$ (83/90) and $9 0 \%$ (81/90), respectfully. All of the true negative samples (90) generated negative test results. There were no sigificant differences observed within run (replicates tested by one operator), between run (five different days), between sites (three sites), or between operators (six operators).

The Reproducibility Study site-to-site qualitative results (agreements with expected results) are presented in the table below:

# Reproducibility Study Site-To-Site Qualitative Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>(21904s3SamplefCategory5:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>:4               4      SITE1;y      &#x27;.4&quot;</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall Percent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>.Site 2.    .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>   •&#x27;    Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent.Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement and&#x27;95% CI    i4.          &#x27;y.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HN1Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(63/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(59.9%, 78.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LPInfluenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95.9%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MPInfluenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95.9%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HN1Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%  1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(81/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(82.1%, 94.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LPInfluenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.2%{83/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84.8%, 96.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MPInfluenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95.9%,100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95.9%, 100%)</td></tr></table>

1Percent Agreement correlates to the percent of negative results.

Date

# June 13, 2014

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
Angela Drysdale   
Vice President, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs - Infectious Disease 10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074

Re: K141520 Trade/Device Name: AlereTM i Influcnza A&B Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC. OZE, O0I Dated: June 06, 2014 Received: June 09, 2014

Dear Ms. Drysdale:

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarkct notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate inormation related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencics. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K141520

Device Name AlereT i Influenza A&B

# Indications for Use (Describe)

TeIsy  t  apouai l epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus or other patient management decisions.

h a AH pandmic werehe preoint iluezaAviruse in circlatioWheother ifuenza viru emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

ual houl collcn attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden tmeor his collection  nfoation is estated toveragehours per esponse, includie time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain he data needed and complee and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a curently valid OMB number."