Re: K141757 Trade/Device Name: Alere i Strep A Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. Nucleic Acid-Based Assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PGX, OOI Dated: March 9, 2015 Received: March 10, 2015

Dear Ms. Drysdale:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# for

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Indications for Use (Describe)

Alere™ i Strep A is a rapid, instrument-based, molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes, Group A Streptococcus bacterial nucleic acid in throat swab specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis. It is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterial infections.

All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude infection with Group A Streptococcus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K141757

# SUBMITTER

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359

# CONTACT PERSON

Angela Drysdale   
(207) 730-5737 (Office)   
(207) 730-5767 (FAX)   
Angela.drysdale@alere.com (email)

DATE PREPARED 3/26/2015

TRADE NAME Alere™ i Strep A

COMMON NAME Alere™ i Strep, Alere™ i, Alere™ Strep A

# CLASSIFICATION NAME

Groups A, C and G Beta Hemolytic Streptococcus Nucleic acid Amplification System (per 21 CFR   
866.2680)   
Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System (per 21 CFR 862.2570)

CLASSIFICATION Class II

PRODUCT CODE PGX, OOI

PANEL Microbiology (83)

PREDICATE DEVICE Lyra Direct Strep Assay, K133883

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Alere™ i Strep A is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection of Group A Strep from throat swab specimens. The Alere™ i Strep A System utilizes isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology and is comprised of:

 Sample Receiver – single use, disposable containing the elution buffer Test Base – single use, disposable comprising two sealed reaction tubes, each containing a lyophilized pellet   
 Transfer Cartridge – single use, disposable for transfer of the eluted sample to the Test Base, and   
 Alere™ i Instrument – repeat use reader

The reaction tubes in the Test Base contain the reagents required for Group A Strep bacterial lysis and the subsequent amplification of the target nucleic acid and an internal control. Alere™ i Strep A utilizes a pair of templates (similar to primers) for the specific amplification of DNA from Group A Strep and a fluorescently labeled molecular beacon designed to specifically identify the amplified nucleic acid target. Alere™ i Strep A is performed within the confinement of the Test Base, and no other part of the Alere™ i Instrument has contact with the sample during the amplification process. This reduces the risk of instrument contamination and sample carry-over between measurements.

To perform the assay, the Sample Receiver and Test Base are inserted into the Alere™ i Instrument and the elution buffer is automatically heated by the instrument. The sample is added to the Sample Receiver and transferred via the Transfer Cartridge to the Test Base, resuspending the lyophilized pellets contained within the Test Base and initiating bacterial lysis and target amplification. Heating, mixing and detection by fluorescence is provided by the instrument, with results automatically reported.

Results are displayed by the Alere™ i Instrument and are also stored in an on-board archive and are assigned to a sample ID that has been entered into the Alere™ i Instrument by the operator, and the date/time the test was performed. Data can be retrieved and downloaded by the operator at any time after testing. An external Alere™ Universal Printer can be attached via USB to the Alere™ i Instrument to print test results.

# INTENDED USE

Alere™ i Strep A is a rapid, instrument-based, molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes, Group A Streptococcus bacterial nucleic acid in throat swab specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis. It is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterial infections.

All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude infection with Group A Streptococcus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Alere™ i Strep A and the predicate device, Lyra Direct Strep Assay, have the same intended use, indications for use, and utilize similar basic principles of operation. They are both molecular tests for the qualitative detection of Group A Strep nucleic acid.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

Alere™ i Strep A was compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the Lyra Direct Strep Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Strep A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyra Direct Strep Assay (K133883)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PGX, 00I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes , pyogenic Group C and Gβ-hemolytic Streptococcus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Strep A is a rapid,instrument-based, molecular in vitrodiagnostic test utilizing isothermalnucleic     acid     amplificationtechnology for the qualitativedetection of Streptococcus pyogenes,Group A Streptococcus bacterialnucleic acid in throat swabspecimens obtained from patientswith signs and symptoms ofpharyngitis. It is intended to aid inthe rapid diagnosis of Group AStreptococcus bacterial infections.All negative test results should beconfirmed by bacterial culturebecause negative results do notpreclude infection with Group AStreptococcus and should not beused as the sole basis for treatment,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Lyra Direct Strep Assay is a Real-Time PCR invitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detectionand differentiation of Group A β-hemolyticStreptococcus (Streptococcus pyogenes) andpyogenic Group C and G β-hemolyticStreptococcus nucleic acids isolated from throatswab specimens obtained from patients withsigns and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sorethroat. The assay does not differentiate betweenpyogenic Groups C and G β-hemolyticStreptococcus.All negative test results should be confirmed bybacterial culture, because negative results do notpreclude Group A, C or G Strep infection andshould not be used as the sole basis for treatment.The assay is intended for use in hospital,reference, or state laboratory settings. The deviceis not intended for point-of-care use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABI 7500 Fast DX Thermocycler</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Streptococcus(Streptococcus pyogenes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Streptococcus (Streptococcus pyogenes)Groups C and G Streptococcus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isothermal nucleic acid amplification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex Real-time PCR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultInterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 8 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;70 minutes after extraction</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL STUDY

The clinical performance of Alere™ i Strep A was established in a multi-center, prospective clinical study conducted at 8 US trial sites in 2014.

A total of 481 evaluable throat swab specimens, collected from patients of all ages presenting with symptoms of pharyngitis, were evaluated with Alere™ i Strep A, and compared to bacterial culture. Sixty-two percent $( 6 2 \% )$ of the population tested was female and $3 8 \%$ was male.

In this study, two (2) throat swabs were collected from each of a total of 481 patients. One throat swab from each patient was tested with Alere™ i Strep A. The other throat swab was sent to a laboratory for bacterial culture.

Alere™ i Strep A performance, including $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals, versus bacterial culture is provided below.

# Alere™ i Strep A Performance vs. Culture (All Age Groups Combined)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™i +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>322</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $1 4 1 / 1 4 7 = 9 5 . 9 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 1 . 4 \% , 9 8 . 1 \% )$ Specificity: 316/ $3 3 4 = 9 4 . 6 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C I } = 9 1 . 6 \% ,$ 96.6%) Positive Predictive Value $= 1 4 1 / 1 5 9 = 8 8 . 7 \%$ (82.8%, 92.7% Negative Predictive Value $= 3 1 6 / 3 2 2 = 9 8 . 1 \%$ (96.0%, 99.1%)

a Of the 18 samples positive by Alere™ i Strep A and negative by bacterial culture, 13 were also positive for Group A Strep by a laboratory developed real-time PCR assay and b of the 6 samples negative by Alere™ i Strep A and positive by bacterial culture, 4 samples were also negative for Group A Strep by a laboratory developed real-time PCR assay.

During the prospective clinical study, the initial invalid rate (before repeat testing per the product instructions) was $4 . 8 \%$ (24/495) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $3 . 3 \%$ , $7 . 1 \%$ ). After repeat testing per the product instructions, the invalid rate was $2 . 8 \%$ (14/495) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $1 . 7 \%$ , $4 . 8 \%$ ).

# ANALYTICAL STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

Alere™ i Strep A limit of detection (LOD or $\mathsf { C } _ { 9 5 } \mathbf { \dot { \delta } }$ ), defined as the concentration of Group A strep bacteria that produces positive Alere™ i Strep A results approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, was identified by evaluating different concentrations of 2 strains of Group A Strep in Alere™ i Strep A . The concentrations identified as the LOD (or $\mathrm { C } _ { 9 5 } \mathrm { \overline { { \Omega } } }$ ) levels for each strain tested are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Strep Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(CFU/mL ofElution Buffer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># DetectedperTotal Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

# REACTIVITY TESTING

The following Group A Strep strains were tested and produced positive results at or near the stated assay limit of detection of the Alere™ i Strep A test: ATCC8135, ATCC12384, ATCC12202, ATCC12203, ATCC12204, ATCC12365, ATCC14289, ATCC49399, ATCC51339, ATCC700294, ATCC12357, ATCC12385 (Loomis), ATCC 12385 (Type 4).

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS-REACTIVITY)

To determine the analytical specificity of Alere™ i Strep A, 33 commensal and pathogenic microorganisms (32 bacteria and 1 yeast) that may be present in the throat were tested. All of the following microorganisms and yeast produced negative results when tested at concentrations ranging from $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 9 }$ cells/mL of Elution Buffer.

# Bacteria

# Yeast

Candida albicans

Arcanobacterium haemolyticum1   
Bacillus cereus   
Bordetella pertussis   
Burkholderia cepacia   
Campylobacter rectus   
Corynebacterium diphtheria   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli   
Fusobacterium necrophorum   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus acidophilus   
Moraxella catarrhalis1,2   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Peptostreptococcus micros   
Prevotella (Bacteroides) oralis1   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus aginosus   
Streptococcus canis   
Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp equisimilis   
Streptococcus gallolyticus   
Streptococcus intermedius   
Streptococcus mitis   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus salivarius   
Streptococcus sanguinis   
Treponema denticola   
Veillonella parvula   
1Invalid results obtained at ${ \ge } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ cells/mL of Elut   
2One false-positive result obtained a ${ > } 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cells/

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The following substances, naturally present in throat swab specimens or that may be artificially introduced into the throat, were evaluated with Alere™ i Strep A at the concentrations listed below and were found not to affect test performance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Saliva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine HCL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepacol® Sore Throat Lozenges - cherry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sucrets® Sore Throat &amp; Cough - cherry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Halls Plus® - Honey Lemon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT® Total Care - Fresh Mint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepacol® Mouthwash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listerine® Antiseptic Mouthwash - Original</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crest® Complete Multi-Benefit Whitening +Deep Clean Toothpaste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam® Oral Mist  arctic mint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloraseptic® Max Sore Throat Relief +Coating Action - wild berry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Cold &amp; Flu Tablets - Night</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Robitussin® Maximum Strength NighttimeCough DM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tylenol® Cold Multi-Symptom Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Children&#x27;s Dimetapp® Cough &amp; Cold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr></table>

When Mucin was tested at a concentration of $2 \%$ , $0 . 4 \%$ , and $0 . 0 8 \%$ , false negative results were observed.

When Crest $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Complete Multi-Benefit Whitening $^ +$ Deep Clean Toothpaste were tested at $2 0 \%$ and $4 \%$ invalid results were observed. Additionally, false negative results were observed when tested at a concentration of $0 . 8 \%$ .

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A reproducibility study of Alere™ i Strep A was conducted by operators from 3 sites using panels of blind coded specimens containing negative, high negative (below the limit of detection), low positive $[ \sim 3 \mathrm { X }$ limit of detection), and moderate positive $\mathord { \left. { \sim } 1 9 \mathrm { X } \right. }$ the limit of detection) Group A Strep bacterial samples. Participants tested multiple samples of each panel member on 5 different days. The percent agreement with expected results for the Strep A moderate positive and low positive samples were $1 0 0 \%$ $( 9 0 / 9 0 )$ and $9 1 . 1 \%$ (82/90). All of the negative samples (90) generated negative test results as did $9 4 . 4 \%$ (85/90) high negative samples. There were a total of 5 invalid results on initial testing (5/360 samples; $1 . 4 \%$ ). There were no significant differences within run (replicates tested by one operator), between run (5 different days), between sites (3 sites), or between operators (6 operators).

The results of the analytical and clinical studies performed with Alere™ i Strep A support the determination of substantial equivalence in accordance with the stated intended use and device labeling.