Quidel Corporation   
Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Quality Affairs   
Diagnostic Hybrids, Inc. (Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Quidel)   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, OH 45701

Re: K141931 Trade/Device Name: Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC Dated: July 15, 2014 Received: July 16, 2014

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Tamara V. Feldblyum -S for

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay is a real‐time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of human adenovirus (HAdV) viral DNA isolated from nasal and nasopharyngeal swab specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infections. The intended use of this test is to aid in the diagnosis of HAdV in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

The test detects, but does not differentiate, HAdV species (A, B, C, D, E, and F) or serotypes (HAdV 1-52).

Negative results do not preclude HAdV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 05, 510(k) Summary

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
2005 East State Street   
Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 – Corporate number   
740-589-3373 – Desk phone   
740-593-8437 – Fax   
lollar@dhiusa.com

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

July 15, 2014

# Device Name:

Trade name – Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay   
Classification name – Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay   
Product Code – OCC   
Regulation Section – 21CFR 866.3980

# Substantial Equivalency

The Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay used an FDA-cleared composite method of direct fluorescent antibody (DFA) staining of viral culture followed by DFA staining of the specimen as the reference comparator. The predicate device for the assay is the Adenovirus R-gene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ US. The characteristics of the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay (“Subject Device”) and the legally marketed device are described in the Table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceLyraT AdenovirusAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K121942)Adenovirus R-geneUS Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Intended Use</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="3">The LyraTM AdenovirusAssay is a real-timepolymerase chainreaction (PCR) in vitrodiagnostic test for thequalitative detection ofhuman adenovirus(HAdV) viral DNAisolated from nasal andnasopharyngeal swabspecimens obtained fromindividuals exhibitingsigns and symptoms ofacute respiratoryinfection. The intended</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Adenovirus R-gene USis a Real Time PCR invitro diagnostic test forthe rapid andqualitative detection ofAdenovirus viral DNAisolated and purifiedfrom nasopharyngealspecimens (swab orwash/aspirate) obtainedfrom individualsexhibiting signs andsymptoms of acuterespiratory infection.The intended use for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">signs and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">use of this test is to aidin the diagnosis ofHAdV in conjunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">this test is to aid in thediagnosis ofAdenovirus infections</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">with other clinical andlaboratory findings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">in humans.Negative results do notpreclude Adenovirusinfection and shouldnot be used as the solebasis for treatment orother managementdecisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The test detects, but does</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The test detects, but doesnot differentiate, HAdVspecies (A, B, C, D, E,and F) or serotypes(HAdV 1-52).Negative results do notpreclude HAdVinfection and should notbe used as the sole basisfor treatment or otherpatient managementdecisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNAAmplificationTechnology</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Real-time polymerasechain reaction (PCR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceLyraT AdenovirusAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K121942)Adenovirus R-geneUS Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral TargetSequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penton base gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexon gene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal andNasopharyngeal swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabsand Nasopharyngealaspirates/washes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained andautomated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained andautomated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtractionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux NucliSENSeasyMAG System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection andTransport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Universal TransportMedium (Copan/DHI),MicroTest M4, M4-RT,M5, or M6 TransportMedium (Remel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Universal TransportMedium (DHI)MicroTest M4RTTransport (Remel)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument/AssayPlatform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applied Biosystems(ABI) 7500 Fast DxReal-Time PCRInstrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid SmartCyclerII</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlsIncluded withAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal process control(MS2 Bacteriophage;Zeptometrix)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive control(Plasmid DNA)Negative Control(molecular gradewaterInternal control (IC2)phage particle</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay is a real‐time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of human adenovirus (HAdV) viral DNA isolated from nasal and nasopharyngeal swab specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of acute respiratory infections. The intended use of this test is to aid in the diagnosis of HAdV in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

The test detects, but does not differentiate, HAdV species (A, B, C, D, E, and F) or serotypes (HAdV 1-52).

Negative results do not preclude HAdV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions

# Methodology

The assay detects viral nucleic acids that have been extracted from a patient sample. A real-time PCR reaction is carried out using the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument (“ABI Fast Dx Instrument”) under optimized conditions in a single tube generating amplicons for adenovirus and the Process Control (PRC). Identification of human adenovirus (HAdV) and the PRC occurs by the use of target-specific primers and fluorescent-labeled probes that hybridize to conserved regions in the genomes of adenovirus and the PRC.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 1.  LyraTM Probe Labels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dye</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cy5</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data

# Precision/Reproducibility

# Precision

The Precision/Within Laboratory Repeatability study was assessed using a panel of four (4) simulated samples that include moderate positive and low positive, high negative and negative. The four (4) member panel consisting of HAdV and negative samples were tested by two (2) operators, in triplicate for twelve (12) days.

<table><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">Table 2.  Results Summary  Cts and Positivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Ct Values</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos.Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg.Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg.Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ABI 7500Fast Dx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator 1 Avg Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator 2 Avg Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Ct Values</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos.Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg.Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg.Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td></tr></table>

The Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay produces results that are highly reproducible.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay was evaluated at three (3) laboratory sites (two external, one in-house). Reproducibility was assessed using a panel of four (4) simulated samples that include moderate positive and low positive, high negative and negative adenovirus samples. The panels and controls were processed and tested on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument. Panels and controls were tested at each site by 2 operators for 5 non-consecutive days (triplicate testing $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators x 3 replicates $\texttt { X 5 }$ days x 3 sites $= 9 0$ results per level for each virus). The LoD values were based on the values obtained in the LoD study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=13>Table 3.    Reproducibility Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMMemberID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Combined Site Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rate ofDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVHigh Ngative(05x LoOD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/29*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVLowPositive(2x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVModeratePositive(5x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVN egative NasallMatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVPositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdVNegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

\* One aliquot was removed from the analysis because it had an invalid PRC result. Three aliquots (from the same replicate) tested negative.

The data from the combined sites indicates that the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay, on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument, generates reproducible results for the detection of adenovirus and the internal control.

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay was determined using quantified $\mathrm { ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ ) stocks of representatives of the six (6) species of adenovirus diluted in a negative matrix. Testing was performed with three manufactured device lots. Analytical sensitivity (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 4.   Summary of LoD Study</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species/ Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg. CtValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00 x10-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00 x10-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00 x10-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61 x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20 x10-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.9</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

To verify the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay detects the fifty-two (52) known serotypes of HAdV, 49 serotypes were initially tested at or near the species LoD (see above). Higher concentrations were tested if the organism was not detected at the LoD. Each of the 49 serotypes tested was detected by the Lyra Adenovirus Assay. Three (3) of the serotypes (38, 42, and 52) were unavailable for testing with the device. These serotypes were evaluated using in silico analysis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 5.  HAdV Serotypes Reactivity Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple ofLoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV-12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 x10-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV-18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 x10-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAdV-7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 x10-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x LoD</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Table 5.HAdV Serotypes Reactivity Summary</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ConcentrationTested(TCID50/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple ofLoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-11</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-14</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-16</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-21</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.00 x101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250x LoDa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-34</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-35</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-50</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-6</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-40</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6.40 x10-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="21">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-8</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-9</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-10</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.66 x101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6x LoDb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-17</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.66 x101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6x LoDc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-20</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-22</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-29</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-36</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-37</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-39</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-43</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-44</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-45</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-46</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-49</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAdV-51</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.22 x10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr></table>

a HAdV-21 required repeat testing and was ultimately found to be detected at 250X LoD. b HAdV-15 required repeat testing and was ultimately found to be detected at 6X LoD. c HAdV-17 required repeat testing and was ultimately found to be detected at 6X LoD.

HAdV Species D serotypes 38 and 42 and Species G serotype 52 (often associated with conjunctivitis and gastroenteritis) were not evaluated for inclusivity as the sponsor could not obtain these strains. Instead, the manufacturer conducted an in silico analysis where they aligned their probe and primers with the target regions from a single sequence (obtained from GenBank) for each of these adenovirus types. The alignments showed a $100 \%$ agreement of the forward primer with types 38, 42, and 52. For the reverse primer, there were 3 mismatches detected on the sequences for types 38 and 42 $84 \%$ homology) and 2 mismatches with the sequence for type 52 $8 9 . 5 \%$ homology). For the probe, there was $100 \%$ agreement with types 38 and 42, while three mismatches were observed with the sequence for type 52 ( $8 5 \%$ homology).

# Microbial Cross-Reactivity and Interference

The analytical specificity of the Lyra Adenovirus Assay was evaluated by testing a panel consisting of 30 viral, 26 bacterial, and 1 yeast strain representing respiratory pathogens or flora commonly present in the nasopharynx. The organisms were tested in the presence and absence of 2X LoD HAdV to determine if there was interference or cross-reactivity, respectively. Samples were extracted using the NucliSENS easyMAG instrument and tested in triplicate. All HAdV positive samples remained positive and all HAdV negative samples remained negative, indicating that there was no interference or cross-reactivity in the presence of the organisms tested. Each microorganism was tested three times, once in the presence of HAdV type 4, once in the presence of HAdV type 31, and once in the presence of negative nasal matrix.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 6. Organisms used for the study were the following:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration tested(TCID50/mL orCFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyra Adenovirus Assay Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference(+ HAdV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity(-HAdV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.08E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.40E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydophila pneumonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11 ng/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium intracellualre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.30E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.53E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria mucosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.75E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26E+09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diptheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.44E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.38E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.40E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.23E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.08E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albican</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.70E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.42E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B5/10/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 6.  Organisms used for the study were the following:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration tested(TCID50/mL orCFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lyra Adenovirus Assay Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference(+ HAdV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity(- HAdV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.60E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.45E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.27E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV Type 1 MacIntyre Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV Type 2 Strain G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus (A1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.66E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus 45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus 52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.63E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.08E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Port Chalmers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.55E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.97E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.36E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 4A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A (Long)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.36E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B (Wash/18537/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.43E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varicella Zoster Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

A study was performed on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument to evaluate the performance of the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay in the presence of eleven (11) of potentially interfering/cross-reactive substances, at clinically relevant levels, that might be present in specimens. Each substance was tested in the presence of 2X LoD HAdV and with negative matrix.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Table 7.  Interfering/Cross-reactive Substances Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Substance Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>HAdV</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Inhibition(yes/no)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Species ESerotype 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Species ASerotype 31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No Analyte</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct Avg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct Avg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct Avg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin (Bovine SubmaxillaryGland, type I-S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood (human), EDTAanticoagulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neo-Synephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Homeopathic Non-Drowsy Allergy Relief NoDrip Liquid Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC Throat Lozenges:Ricola Action Cherry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oseltamivir phosphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

None of the eleven (11) of substances tested cross-reacts with the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay.

# Carry-Over and Cross-Contamination

Studies were performed on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument using a 96-sample panel consisting of 48 high positive $\mathrm { ( 1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ HAdV type 4) and 48 negative specimens (negative nasal matrix). The high positive samples were extracted and added to the plate in a checkerboard pattern that alternated with the negative samples. This testing was repeated over a 5-day period.

Over the course of 5 days, cross-contamination and amplicon carry-over did not occur with the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay when extracted using the NucliSens easyMAG automated nucleic acid extraction instrument and analyzed on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument.

Method Comparison

Prospective Study

The evaluation of the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay occurred in two separate studies: a prospective multi-center study using one thousand two hundred and forty-one (1241) fresh specimens from the upper respiratory tract; and a retrospective study using one hundred five (105) frozen specimens from the upper respiratory tract. In both studies the specimens were processed the bioMérieux NucliSENS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ easyMag $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ at all sites for the extraction of nucleic acids from the clinical specimens. The ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument was used with the Quidel Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay for the amplification and detection of the target nucleic acids. The prospective specimens were also processed and tested with viral culture with an FDA-cleared composite method of direct fluorescent antibody staining (CDFA) followed by direct fluorescent antibody staining of the specimen (SDFA). A specimen was called positive if either the CDFA or the SDFA were positive. For a specimen to be called negative, it must be negative for both CDFA and SDFA. The retrospective specimens were extracted and tested with an additional FDAcleared molecular assay.

Expected Values for the Winter of 2013 and 2014 (Combined)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LyraAdenovirusAssay Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Positiveby  ReferenceMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedPrevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 to 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 to 15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 to 21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>437</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr></table>

One thousand two hundred forty-one (1241) fresh specimens were collected and transported to each laboratory for testing with the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay. Two (2) specimens were invalid when initially tested with the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay. The specimens were re-tested according to the instructions for use and were invalid upon repeat testing. The specimens have been removed from the data presented below. The specimens shipped daily with cold packs for CDFA and SDFA to the central location and were tested within 72-hours of collection. The table below details the HAdV results for the remaining one thousand two hundred thirty-nine (1239) specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Combined Site Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LyraT AdenovirusAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: CDFA with SDFA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1239</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1150/1204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2 % to 96.5%</td></tr></table>

\* Forty-five (45) of the fifty-four (54) positives were positive by an additional PCR assay. Four (4) of the fifty-four (54) positives were negative by an additional PCR assay. Two (2) of the fifty-four (54) positives were invalid by an additional PCR assay. Three (3) of the fifty-four (54) positives had insufficient volume for testing by an additional PCR assay.

# Retrospective Study

Due to the low prevalence of HAdV at the clinical sites during the study period, a retrospective study was conducted at Site 1 with specimens obtained from a pediatric hospital in the Southwest United States. One hundred five (105) frozen specimens from the upper respiratory tract were tested concurrently with the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay and an additional FDA-cleared molecular device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Adenovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA-Cleared PCR Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LyraTM Adenovirus Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1% to 99.8%</td></tr></table>

\* One (1) of one (1) positive was positive by a third FDA-cleared PCR assay.

# Statement of Safety and Effectiveness

In prospectively collected clinical specimens, when performed on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument, the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay yielded good sensitivity and specificity when compared to the composite reference method of direct specimen fluorescent antibody (SDFA) and viral culture with DFA (CDFA).

In retrospectively collected clinical specimens, when performed on the ABI 7500 Fast Dx Instrument, the Lyra™ Adenovirus Assay yielded good positive and negative percent agreement when compared to a FDA-cleared molecular device.