# QUIDEL CORPORATION JOHN TAMERIUS SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CLINICAL AND REGULATORY 12544 HIGH BLUFF (ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE LOCATION) SAN DIEGO CA 92130

Re: K141775 Trade/Device Name: Sofia® Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. serological reagents Regulatory Class: I Product Code: GTY Dated: June 30, 2014 Received: July 1, 2014

Dear Dr. Tamerius:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Dr. Tamerius

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Submitted By:

Quidel Corporation 12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200 (Administrative Offices) San Diego, California 92130 Telephone: 858-552-7908 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Submission Contact:

John D. Tamerius, Ph.D.

Date Prepared:

June 30, 2014

Device Trade Name:

Sofia® Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA and Sofia

Common Name:

Strep A immunological test system and Fluorometer

Predicate Devices:

Sofia Strep A FIA for use with Sofia, K123793

Device Classification/Name:

21 CFR 866.3740 / Streptococcus Group A serological reagents

# Intended Use:

The Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA detects Group A Streptococcal antigens from throat swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude Group A Strep infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use as an aid in the diagnosis of Group A Streptococcal infection.

# Physiologic Basis of the Test:

Group A Streptococcus is one of the most common causes of acute upper respiratory tract infection. Early diagnosis and treatment of Group A Streptococcal pharyngitis has been shown to reduce the severity of symptoms and serious complications such as rheumatic fever and glomerulonephritis. Conventional procedures for identification of Group A Streptococcus from throat swabs involve the culture, isolation, and subsequent identification of viable pathogen at 24 to 48 hours or longer for results.

# Device Description:

The Sofia Strep A FIA employs immunofluorescence technology that is used with the Sofia analyzer (Sofia) to detect Group A Streptococcal antigen.

The Sofia Strep A FIA involves the extraction of the antigenic components of the Group A Streptococcus (GAS) bacteria. The patient’s swab sample is placed in the Reagent Tube containing the Reagent Solution, during which time the bacterial antigens are extracted, making them more accessible to the specific antibodies. An aliquot of the extracted sample is dispensed into the Cassette sample well. From the sample well, the sample migrates through a test strip containing various unique chemical environments. If Group A Streptococcal antigens are present, they will be bound by antibodies coupled to fluorescent microparticles that migrate through the test strip. The fluorescent microparticles containing bound antigen will be captured by antibodies at a defined location on the test strip where they are detected by Sofia. If antigens are not present, the fluorescent microparticles will not be trapped by the capture antibodies nor detected by Sofia.

Note: The Cassette, now containing the sample, is placed directly inside Sofia for automatically timed development (WALK AWAY Mode).

Sofia scans, measures, and interprets the immunofluorescent signal using method-specific algorithms. Sofia will display the test results (Positive, Negative, or Invalid) on the screen. The results can also be automatically printed on an integrated printer if this option is selected, or transmitted via an LIS connection.

# Device Comparison:

Note: The shaded cells in Table 1 below identify where there are differences between the proposed and predicate devices.

Table 1   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Strep A+ FIA with Sofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Strep A FIA with Sofia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia® Strep A+ FIA detectsGroup A Streptococcal antigensfrom throat swabs from patientswith signs and symptoms ofpharyngitis, such as sore throat.All negative test results should beconfirmed by bacterial culturebecause negative results do notpreclude Group A Strep infectionand should not be used as thesole basis for treatment. The testis intended for professional andlaboratory use as an aid in thediagnosis of Group AStreptococcal infection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Strep A FIA employsimmunofluorescence technology todetect Group A Streptococcalantigens from throat swabs ofsymptomatic patients. All negativetest results should be confirmed bybacterial culture because negativeresults do not preclude Group AStrep infection and should not beused as the sole basis fortreatment. The test is intended forprofessional and laboratory use asan aid in the diagnosis of Group AStreptococcal infection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA FileNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">k141775</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K123793</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Corporation and LRE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Corporation and LRE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3740 and21 CFR 866.2560</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3740 and21 CFR 866.2560</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationProduct Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GTY and KHO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GTY and KHO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group A Streptococcus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group A Streptococcus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomatedAnalysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Walk-Away only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read-Now and Walk-Away</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrument screenor print with optional printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrument screenor print with optional printer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes - Calibration Cassette andQC Card provided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes - Calibration Cassette andQC Card provided</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read ResultTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral-flow Test Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral-flow Test Cassette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AntibodiesUsed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal rabbit antibodies thatare specific to Group AStreptococcus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal rabbit antibodies thatare specific to Group AStreptococcus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionParticle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene microparticles dyedwith Europium chelate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene microparticles dyedwith Europium chelate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One reagent bottle containingsodium nitrite and hydrochloricacid in glass ampoule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One reagent bottle containingsodium nitrite and acetic acid inglass ampoule</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TransferDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed volume pipette used totransfer patient sample mixed withreagent into Test Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed volume pipette used totransfer patient sample mixed withreagent into Test Cassette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExternalControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive andNegative Control Swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive andNegative Control Swabs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality ControlFeatures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in features include:• Built-in procedural controlzone scanned by theanalyzer to determinewhether adequate flowoccurredAnalyzer prevents used orexpired cartridge from beingread by the reader•  Cassette properly inserted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in features include:• Built-in procedural controlzone scanned by theanalyzer to determinewhether adequate flowoccurred• Analyzer prevents used orexpired cartridge from beingread by the readerCassette properly inserted</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

Sofia Strep $\pmb { A } \dag$ FIA Performance vs. Cell Culture and vs. Cell Culture Resolved by PCR The performance of the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA was compared to standard bacterial culture and identification and an FDA-cleared Group A Streptococcus RT-PCR assay in a multi-center clinical field study. This study was conducted by untrained health care personnel during 2014 at 7 distinct CLIA-waived sites in various geographical regions within the United States. In this multicenter, point-of-care (POC) field trial, two (2) throat swabs were collected from eight hundred fiftyone (851) patients with symptoms suggestive of bacterial pharyngitis.

One throat swab was tested fresh at the CLIA-waived site in the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA. A second swab was placed into transport medium and transported on cold ice packs to a central Reference Laboratory. The swab was streaked on a sheep blood agar plate (SBA) and cultured for up to 48 hours. A portion of the transport medium was subsequently tested in the PCR assay. The performance of the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA was determined by comparison of the rapid FIA test result to the corresponding culture result (Table 2).

Table 2 Sofia Strep $\pmb { \hat { A } } \pmb { + }$ FIA Performance Compared to Culture   
Culture   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sofia Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sofia Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>638</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>676</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $=$ $9 3 . 7 \%$ (164/175) $( 9 5 \% C | = 8 9 . 1 \%$ $9 6 . 5 \% )$ )   
Specificity $=$ $9 4 . 4 \%$ (638/676) (9 $5 \%  C l { = } 9 2 . 4 \% -$ - $9 5 . 9 \% )$ ) $\begin{array} { r l } { \mathsf { P P V } = } & { { } 8 1 . 2 \% \left( 1 6 4 / 2 0 2 \right) } \\ { \mathsf { N P V } = } & { { } 9 8 . 3 \% \left( 6 3 8 / 6 4 9 \right) } \end{array}$

$^ { \star } \mathsf { O } \mathsf { f }$ the 38 discordant specimens, 24 of these specimens were positive for GAS when tested with an FDA-cleared molecular device, 14 were negative.

$\star { \star } _ { \mathsf { O f } }$ the 11 discordant specimens, 3 were negative when tested with an FDA-cleared molecular device, 8 were positive.

# Reproducibility Studies

The reproducibility of the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA was evaluated at 3 different laboratories. Two different operators at each site tested a series of coded, contrived samples, prepared in negative clinical matrix, ranging from negative (no bacteria) to moderate positive $( 3 \mathrm { ~ \times ~ } \mathsf { L o D } )$ Group A Streptococcus. The inter-laboratory agreement (Table 3) for negative samples was $9 0 - 1 0 0 \%$ and $8 7 - 1 0 0 \%$ for positive samples. The intra-laboratory agreement (Table 4) for all samples ranged from $9 3 \substack { - } 9 5 \%$ .

Table 3 Sofia Strep $\pmb { \hat { A } } \pmb { + }$ FIA Reproducibility Study Inter-laboratory Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative*(Co)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative*(C5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive**(C95)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod Positive**(C100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% OverallAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.9-100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%(82.1-94.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87%(78.1-92.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.9-100.0%)</td></tr></table>

\*Bacteria not detected/total

Table 4 Sofia Strep $\pmb { \hat { A } } \pmb { + }$ FIA Reproducibility Study Intra-laboratory Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative*(Co)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative*(C5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive**(C95)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod. Positive**(C100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% OverallAgreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% (114/120)(89.5-97.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93% (112/120)(87.4-96.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% (113/120)(88.5-97.2%)</td></tr></table>

\*Bacteria not detected/total \*\*Bacteria detected/total

# Limit of Detection

The limit of detection (LoD) for the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA was determined using 3 strains of Group A Streptococcus pyogenes. The LoD ranged from $2 . 7 6 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 3$ to $8 . 1 3 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 3$ colony forming units (cfu)/test (Table 5).

Table 5 Sofia Strep $\pmb { \hat { A } } \mathbf { + }$ FIA Limits of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum Detectable Level*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bruno [CIP 104226]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00E+03 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-SS-1402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.13E+03cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-SS-1460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.76E+03cfu/test</td></tr></table>

cfu/test $=$ colony forming units/test

\*The levels of bacteria were determined by limiting dilution, bacterial culture, and colony counting to give cfu/test.

# Analytical Reactivity

Analytical reactivity for the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA was demonstrated using 21 strains of Group A Streptococcus pyogenes tested at $1 . 7 4 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 4 $ colony forming units (cfu)/test (Table 6).

Table 6 Analytical Reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #1 (ATCC-19615)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #2 (ATCC-700942)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #3 (ATCC-700952)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #4 (Clinical Isolate-52123)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #5 (Clinical Isolate-52120)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #6(Clinical Isolate-62055)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #7(Clinical Isolate-52152)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #8(Clinical Isolate-62092)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #9(Clinical Isolate-52151)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #10 (ATCC-700482)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #11(ATCC-BAA-1315)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #12(ATCC-700459)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #13(ATCC-12203)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #14(ATCC-700944)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #15 (Clinical Isolate-52154)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #16((Clinical Isolate-5036)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #17(Clinical Isolate-5095)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #18 (Clinical Isolate-5017)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #19(Clinical Isolate-5060)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #20 (Clinical Isolate-5112)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain #21 (Clinical Isolate-5008)</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

Cross Reactivity

The cross reactivity of the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA was evaluated with a total of 61 non-Group A Streptococcus bacterial and fungal microorganisms, and 26 viral isolates. None of the microorganisms or viruses listed below in Table 7 showed any sign of cross reactivity in the assay. The same microorganisms and viruses in Table 7 were pre-mixed with Group A Strep and tested in the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA.

Table 7 Cross Reactivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism/Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsielle pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria lactamica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sicca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria subflava</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gordonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus parasanginis*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group B Strain #1:Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group B Strain #2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group B Strain #3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group B Strain #4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group B Strain #5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group C Strain #1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group C Strain #2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group C Strain #3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group C Strain #4:Streptococcus dysgalactiae*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group C Strain #5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group D Strain #1:Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group D Strain #2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group D Strain #3*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group D strain #4:Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group D strain #5:Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group F Strain #1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group F Strain #2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group F Strain #3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group F Strain #4*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group F Strain #5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group G strain #1:Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group G Strain #2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group G Strain #3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group G Strain #4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus Group G Strain #5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 cfu/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+11 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 3*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.50E+03 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+05 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B5 (Faulkner)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (Towne)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+03 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus (EBV)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07 genomecopies/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/New Jersey/8/76 (H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Victoria/3/75 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Panama/45/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza C/Taylor/1233/47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles (Edmonston)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps (Enders)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+03 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10E+05TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.80E+05TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 4A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+03 TCID50/test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+04 TCID5o/test</td></tr></table>

cfu/test $=$ colony forming units/test TCID50/test $= 5 0 \%$ tissue culture infectious dose \*This organism/virus may interfere with this assay. \*\*The levels of bacteria were determined by limiting dilution, bacterial culture, and colony counting to give cfu/test. Virus concentrations were determined by standard virology methods, Reed-Muench.

# Interfering Substances

Several over-the-counter (OTC) products, whole blood, mucin and blood agar were evaluated with the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA at the levels tested (Table 8).

Table 8 Interference Testing   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crest Pro-Health Deep Clean Mint Mouth wash (Cetylpyridnium chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listerine Original Antiseptic Mouth wash (Eucalyptol, Menthol, Methylsalicylate, and Thymol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listerine Cool Mint Antiseptic Mouth wash (Eucalyptol, Menthol, Methylsalicylate, and Thymol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RiteAid Sore throat relief (Benzocaine and Menthol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloraseptic Max Sore Throat (Phenol and Glycerin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimetapp Children's Cold &amp; Cough (Brompheniramine maleate,Dextromethorphan HBr, and Phenylephrine HCI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RiteAid Children's Cold &amp; Allergy (Brompheniramine maleate andPhenylephrine HCI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVS Children's Cold &amp; Cough DM (Brompheniramine maleate,Dextromethorphan HBr, and Phenylephrine HCI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RiteAid tussin cough&amp;cold mucus relief CF (Dextromethorphan HBr,Guaifenesin, and Phenylephrine HCl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin Max Strength Multi-Symptom CF Max (Dextromethorphan HBr,Guaifenesin, and Phenylephrine HCI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin Night Time Multi-Symptom Cold CF (Acetaminophen,Diphenhydramine HCl, and Phenylephrine HCI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepacol Sore Throat Cherry (Benzocaine and Menthol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halls Triple Soothing Action Cherry (Menthol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halls Triple Soothing Action Menthol-lyptus (Menthol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ricola Natural Herb Cough Drops (Menthol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sucrets Complete Vapor Cherry (Dyclonine Hydrochloride and Menthol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloraseptic Sore Throat Cherry (Phenol and Glycerin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathSavers Spearmint (Cetylpyridnium chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tic Tac freshmints (Eucalyptol, Menthol, Methyl salicylate, and Thymol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cheetos, Flaming Hot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doritos, Nacho Flavor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12% w/v*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 μL/swab**</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3% w/v***</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep Blood Agar (5% Sheep Blood)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Horse Blood Agar (5% Horse Blood)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24% w/v</td></tr></table>

\*Nacho Flavor Doritos interfered at $2 5 \%$ w/v \*\* Fresh Whole Blood interfered at 100 µL/swab \*\*\* Bovine submaxillary mucin interfered at $2 8 . 7 \ : \mathrm { m g / m L }$

# Conclusion:

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the Sofia Strep $\mathsf { A } +$ FIA with the Sofia to the existing product Sofia Strep A FIA with Sofia (K123793).