Quidel Corporation   
Ronald H. Lollar   
Senior Director, Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, OH 45701

Re: K141927 Trade/Device Name: Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OOU Dated: July 15, 2014 Received: July 16, 2014

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# TamaraV. Feldblyum -S for

Sally A. Hojvat M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K141927

Device Name Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay is a Real‐Time PCR assay for the qualitative detection and identification of human parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 viral RNA from nasal and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from symptomatic patients. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3. This test is not intended to detect Parainfluenza 4a or Parainfluenza 4b viruses.

Negative results do not preclude parainfluenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
2005 East State Street   
Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 – Corporate number   
740-589-3373 – Desk phone   
740-593-8437 – Fax   
lollar@dhiusa.com

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

July 15, 2014

# Device Name:

Trade name – Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay   
Classification name – Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay   
Product Code – OOU   
Regulation Section – 21CFR 866.3980

# Substantial Equivalency

The Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay used direct specimen DFA and viral tissue culture with DFA as the reference comparator. The predicate device for the assay is the Prodesse ProParaflu $\mathbf { T M } +$ Assay. The characteristics of the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay (“Subject Device”) and the legally marketed device is described in the Table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 1. Comparison of New Device with Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceLyra™ ParainfluenzaVirus Assay</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K091053)ProdesseProParafluTM+ Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The LyraTMParainfluenza VirusAssay is a Real-TimePCR assay for thequalitative detection andidentification of humanparainfluenza type 1, 2and 3 viral RNA fromnasal andnasopharyngeal swabspecimens fromsymptomatic patients.It is intended for use asan aid in the differentialdiagnosis ofparainfluenza virus</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="8">The ProParaflu+ Assay isa multiplex Real TimeRT-PCR in vitrodiagnostic test for thequalitative detection anddiscrimination ofParainfluenza I Virus,Parainfluenza 2 VirusandParainfluenza 3 Virus(HPIV-1, HPIV-2 andHPIV-3) nucleic acidsisolated and purifiedfrom nasopharyngeal(NP) swab specimensobtained fromindividuals exhibitingsigns and symptoms ofrespiratory tractinfections. This assaytargets the conservedregions of theHemagglutinin-Neuraminidase (HN)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">isolated and purified</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">types 1, 2 and 3.This</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">test is not intended to</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">signs and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">detect Parainfluenza 4a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">respiratory tract</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">tory t1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">or Parainfluenza 4bViruses.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Negative results do notpreclude parainfluenzainfection and should notbe used as the sole basis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="4">gene of HPIV-1, HPIV-2and HPIV-3,respectively. Thedetection anddiscrimination of HPIV-I, HPIV-2 and HPIV-3nucleic acids fromsymptomatic patients aidin the diagnosis ofhuman respiratory tractparainfluenza infectionsif used in conjunctionwith other clinical andlaboratory findings. Thistest is not intended to</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">for treatment or other</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">patient managementdecisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1.Comparison of New Device with Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceLyraT ParainfluenzaVirus Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(K091053)ProdesseProParafluTM+ Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">detect Parainfluenza 4aor Parainfluenza 4bViruses.Negative test results arepresumptive and shouldbe confirmed by cellculture. Negative resultsdo not precludeParainfluenza 1, 2 or 3virus infections andshould not be used as thesole basis for treatmentor other managementdecisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA AmplificationTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real time polymerasechain reaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Sequence Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza type 1nuclear protein geneParainfluenza type 2phosphate protein geneParainfluenza type 3phosphate protein gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conserved regions of theHemagglutinin-Neuraminidase (HN)gene of HPIV-1, HPIV-2and HPIV-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal andNasopharyngeal swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NucliSENS®easyMAGTM(bioMérieux)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MagNA Pure LC System(Roche)NucliSENS®easyMAGTM(bioMérieux)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applied Biosystems7500 Fast Dx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid SmartCycler II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Techniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applied Biosystems7500 Fast Dx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid SmartCycler II</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay is a Real‐Time PCR assay for the qualitative detection and identification of human parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3 viral RNA from nasal and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from symptomatic patients. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of parainfluenza virus types 1, 2 and 3. This test is not intended to detect Parainfluenza 4a or Parainfluenza 4b viruses.

Negative results do not preclude parainfluenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

# Methodology

The assay detects viral nucleic acids that have been extracted from a patient sample. A multiplex Real-time RT-PCR reaction is carried out under optimized conditions in a single tube generating amplicons for PIV-1, PIV-2, PIV-3 and the Process Control (PRC). Identification of PIV-1, PIV2, PIV-3 and the PRC occurs by the use of target-specific primers and fluorescent-labeled probes that hybridize to conserved regions in the genomes of PIV-1, PIV-2, PIV-3 and the PRC.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 2.  LyraTM Probe Labels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dye</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JOE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tex Red</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CY5</td></tr></table>

Performance Data Precision/Reproducibility

# Precision

For the Precision/Within Laboratory Repeatability study, a panel of four (4) simulated samples that include medium positive and low positive, high negative PIV-1, PIV-2, PIV3 and negative samples was tested by two (2) operators, in triplicate for twelve (12) days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Table 3. Applied Biosystems®7500 Fast Dx Results Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Ct Values and Percent Positive (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos.Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5XLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2XLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5XLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg.Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg.Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PIV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1 Avg Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2 Avg Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PIV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1 Avg Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2 Avg Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PIV-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1 Avg Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2 Avg Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr></table>

The Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay produces results that are highly reproducible.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay was evaluated at three (3) laboratory sites. Reproducibility was assessed using a panel of four (4) simulated samples that include medium positive and low positive, high negative PIV-1, PIV-2, PIV-3 and negative samples. Panels and controls were tested at each site by two (2) operators for 5-days (triplicate testing $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators x 5 days x 3 sites $= 9 0$ results per level for each virus). The LoD values were based on the values obtained in the LoD study. The panels and controls were extracted using the bioMérieux easyMAG system and tested on the Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast DX.

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Table 4.    Reproducibility Data</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement(C195)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement(C195)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement(C195)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement(C195)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combined</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-1 HighNegative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40%(CI95 24.6% to 57.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.6%(CI95 59.1% to88.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.3%(CI95 45.5% to78.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60%(CI95 49.7% to 69.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-1 LowPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-1 ModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-1 Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%*(CI95 88.3% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-2 HighNegative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%(CI95 9.5% to 37.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.3%(CI95 78.7% to98.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%(CI95 62.7% to90.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.4%(CI95 54.1% to 73.6%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-2 LowPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-2 ModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-2 Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%*(CI95 88.3% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-3 HighNegative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%(CI95 0% to 11.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%(CI95 0.6% to 16.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.3%(CI95 36.1% to69.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.9%(CI95 12.1% to 28.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-3 LowPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-3 ModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-3 Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%*(CI95 88.3% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-1 PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-2 PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV-3 PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 88.6% to 100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(CI95 95.6% to 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

\* One (1) replicate had an invalid PRC value and was removed for analysis.

The data from the combined sites indicates that the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay, on the Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx, generates reproducible results for the detection of parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, 3, and the internal control.

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay was determined using quantified $\mathrm { ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ ) stocks of parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 diluted in a negative matrix. Analytical sensitivity (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table 5.  Limit of Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus type 1 (C-35 strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50 x 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus type 2 (Greer strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50 x 102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus type 3 (C-243 strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00 x 101</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

To verify the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay detects multiple strains of parainfluenza Type 1 (HPIV-1), Type 2 (HPIV-2) and Type 3 (HPIV-3). The number of characterized strains of parainfluenza is very limited. In silico analysis was performed to demonstrate that primers are representative of the genetic diversity in the chosen target region for each parainfluenza virus type identified by the assay.

All full-genome Genbank annotation files for Human Parainfluenza virus Types 1, 2, and 3 were downloaded from NCBI. A summary of the number of sequences evaluated for each virus type is in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 6.  Summary of Parainfluenza Sequences Evaluated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subtyping HPIV Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Number of Sequences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HPIV1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">308</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HPIV2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">458</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HPIV3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">509</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV4</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity/Cross-Reactivity

The analytical specificity with potentially cross-reactive organisms was evaluated by testing a panel consisting of 28 viral, 26 bacterial, and 1 yeast strains representing common respiratory pathogens or flora commonly present in the nasopharynx. The organisms were added to negative nasal matrix. The bacteria and yeast were tested at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { \bar { C } F U / m L }$ . Viruses were tested at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . Samples were extracted using the NucliSens easyMAG instrument and tested in triplicate.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 7. Organisms Evaluated for Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A (Long)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B (Wash/18537/62)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophila pneumonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella Zoster Virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium intracellualre</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B5/10/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium avium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV Type 1 MacIntyreStrain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV Type 2 Strain G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus(A1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus 45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diptheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus 52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Port Chalmers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/04/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles/7/2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 4A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

No cross-reactivity was seen with any of the organisms tested.

# Microbial Interference

The analytical specificity with interfering organisms of the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay was evaluated by testing a panel consisting of 28 viral, 26 bacterial, and 1 yeast strains representing common respiratory pathogens or flora commonly present in the nasopharynx. The organisms were added to samples containing either parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, or 3 at $2 \textbf { x }$ LoD concentration. The bacteria and yeast were tested at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Viruses were tested at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . Samples were extracted using the NucliSens easyMAG instrument and tested in triplicate.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 8. Organisms Evaluated for Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A (Long)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B (Wash/18537/62)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydophila pneumonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varicella Zoster Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium intracellualre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B5/10/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria mucosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV Type 1 MacIntyreStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV Type 2 Strain G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus(A1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus 45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diptheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus 52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfluenzaA/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Port Chalmers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles/7/2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 4A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

No interference was seen with any of the organisms when the target viruses were tested at $2 \textbf { x }$ LoD concentrations.

# Interfering Substances

A study was performed on the Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast Dx to evaluate the performance of the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay in the presence of eleven (11) of potentially interfering/cross-reactive substances, at clinically relevant levels, that might be present in specimens. Each substance was tested in the presence of 2X LoD parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3 samples and with negative matrix.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 9.Interfering/Cross-reactive Substances Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Substance Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PIV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PIV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PIV-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Inhibition(yes/no)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CtAvg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CtAvg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CtAvg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct Avg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin (BovineSubmaxillary Gland,type I-S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood (human),EDTAanticoagulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neo-Synephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam HomeopathicNon-Drowsy AllergyRelief No DripLiquid Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC ThroatLozenges: RicolaAction Cherry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oseltamivirphosphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

None of the eleven (11) of substances interferes with the detection of parainfluenza virus types 1, 2, and 3.   
None of the eleven (11) of substances tested cross-reacts with the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay.

Studies were performed on the Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx using a 96-sample panel consisting of 48 high positives and 48 negative specimens. Each high positive specimen contained a concentration of $1 . 0 \mathrm { \ x 1 0 ^ { 5 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } ^ { 2 } / m L }$ parainfluenza-1, parainfluenza-2, and parainfluenza-3 combined into one sample. The high positive samples were extracted and analyzed in series alternating with the negative samples. The negative samples were comprised of negative matrix. The testing was repeated over a 5- day period.

Over the course of 5 days, cross-contamination and amplicon carry-over did not occur with the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay when extracted the NucliSens easyMAG automated nucleic acid extraction instrument and analyzed on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx.

Method Comparison

# Prospective Study

The evaluation of the $\mathrm { L y r a ^ { T M T M } }$ Parainfluenza Virus Assay occurred in two separate studies: a prospective multi-center study using one thousand two hundred and forty-one (1241) fresh specimens from the upper respiratory tract; and a retrospective study using one hundred five (105) frozen specimens from the upper respiratory tract. In both studies the specimens were processed the bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMag® at all sites for the extraction of nucleic acids from the clinical specimens. The Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument was used with the Quidel assay for the amplification and detection of the target nucleic acids with the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay. The prospective specimens were also processed and tested with direct specimen fluorescent antibody (DSFA) and cell culture with DFA (CCFA). The retrospective specimens were extracted and tested with an additional FDAcleared molecular assay.

One thousand two hundred and forty-one (1241) fresh specimens were collected and transported to each laboratory for testing with the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay. The specimens shipped daily with cold packs for DSFA and CCFA to the central location and were tested within 72-hours of collection. The table below details the PIV-1 results for the specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 10. PIV-1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LyraTMParainfluenza VirusAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: DSFA and Culture with DFA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1241</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1228/1231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3 % to 99.9%</td></tr></table>

\* Two (2) of the three (3) positives were positive by an additional RT-PCR assay.

The table below details the PIV-2 results for the specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 11. PIV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LyraTMParainfluenza VirusAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: DSFA and Culture with DFA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1241</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1246</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6% to100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236/1236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7% to 100%</td></tr></table>

The table below details the PIV-3 results for the specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 12. PIV-3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LyraTMParainfluenza VirusAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: DSFA and Culture with DFA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1219</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1241</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1219/1224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0% to 99.8%</td></tr></table>

\* Five (5) of the five (5) positives were positive by an additional RT-PCR assay.

# Retrospective Study

Due to the low prevalence of parainfluenza virus at the clinical sites during the study period, a retrospective study was conducted with specimens obtained from a pediatric hospital in the Southwest United States. One hundred five (105) frozen specimens from the upper respiratory tract were tested concurrently with the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay and the Prodesse ProParaFlu+ assay (K091053).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 13.PIV-1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LyraTM Parainfluenza VirusAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: Prodesse ProParaFlu+ assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% to 99.8%</td></tr></table>

\* One (1) of one (1) positive was positive by an additional RT-PCR assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 14. PIV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LyraTM Parainfluenza VirusAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: Prodesse ProParaFlu+ assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7% to 97.4%</td></tr></table>

\* Five (5) of five (5) positives were positive by an additional RT-PCR assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 15.PIV-3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LyraTM Parainfluenza VirusAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: Prodesse ProParaFlu+ assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81/81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5% to 100%</td></tr></table>

Statement of Safety and Effectiveness

When performed on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx, the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay yielded good sensitivity and specificity when compared to the composite reference method of direct specimen fluorescent antibody (DSFA) and cell culture with DFA (CCFA).

When performed on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx, the Lyra™ Parainfluenza Virus Assay yielded good positive and negative percent agreement when compared to and FDAcleared molecular device.