PURITAN MEDICAL PRODUCTS LLC   
MEHDI KARAMCHI   
VICE PRESIDENT OF SCIENTIFIC AFFAIRS   
31 SCHOOL STREET   
P.O. BOX 149   
GUILFORD ME 04443

Re: K142366 Trade/Device Name: Puritan Optitranz Liquid Stuart Collection And Transport System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport Culture Medium Regulatory Class: I Product Code: JSM, LIO, JTW Dated: December 3, 2014 Received: December 11, 2014

Dear Mr. Karamchi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# for

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Puritan® OptiTranz™ Liquid Stuart Medium

# 5.1 Sponsor

Puritan Medical Products LLC 31 School St., Guilford, ME 04443

Contact: Mehdi Karamchi Telephone Number: 207‐876‐3311 Date: August 19, 2014

# 5.2      Device Name

Classification Name: Microbiological Specimen Collection and Transport Device Common Name: Specimen Collection and Transport System Proprietary Name: Puritan OptiTranz Liquid Stuart Collection and Transport System

5.3      Regulatory Information

A. Regulatory Section: 21 CFR 866.2390 B. Classification: Class I C. Product Code: JSM, LIO, JTW D. Panel: Microbiology

# 5.4      Predicate Device

BD CultureSwab™ Collection and Transport System manufactured by Copan Diagnostics Inc. of Italy

510K Number: K946283

# 5.5      Device Description

Puritan OptiTranz Collection and Transport System is comprised of a sterile peel pouch containing a rayon or flock tipped swab applicator for collecting specimen and a polypropylene vial containing $1 \mathrm { \ m } |$ of Stuart liquid medium.

Puritan OptiTranz Liquid Stuart Medium is a nonnutritive balanced salt solution containing phosphates to provide buffering capability and calcium chloride to provide essential ions that help maintain osmotic balance. Mercaptoacetic acid provides a reduced environment.  It is recommended for maintaining the viability of aerobic and fastidious bacteria during the transport to the laboratory.

For prescription use only.

# 5.6      Intended Use

Puritan OptiTranz Liquid Stuart Collection and Transport System is intended for use in the collection and transport of clinical specimen containing aerobic and fastidious bacteria from patient to the laboratory for bacteriological examination and culture.

# 5.7     Indication(s) For Use

Purtian OptiTranz Liquid Stuart Collection and Transport System is intended for use in the collection and transport of clinical specimen containing aerobic and fastidious bacteria from patient to the laboratory for bacteriological examination and culture.

# 5.8.     Substantial Equivalence statement

Puritan OptiTranz is similar in design, manufacturing and intended usage to the predicate device. Both Puritan and predicate device are single‐use devices intended for collection and transport of clinical specimens containing aerobes and fastidious bacteria.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Puritan Versus Predicate Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Puritan OptiTranz Liquid StuartCollection and Transport SystemK142366</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD CultureSwab™MCollection andTransportK946283</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended USE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Puritan OptiTranz Liquid StuartCollection and Transport System isintended for use in the collection andtransport of clinical specimencontaining aerobic and fastidiousbacteria from patient to the laboratoryfor bacteriological examination andculture.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan VenturiTransystem LiquidStuarts Mediumproducts (141C,143C &amp; 139C) aresterile ready-to-usesystems intendedfor the safecollection, transport,and preservation ofclinical specimensfor bacteriologicalexamination.Product 141C(plastic applicator) isintended forcollecting samplesfrom the throat,vagina, or fromwounds. Product143C (aluminumapplicator) isintended forcollection ofspecimens fromsmall or lessaccessible areassuch as eye, ear,nose, throat,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">urogenital tract andfor pediatric use.Product 139C (twoplastic applicators) isused for throat,vaginal, or woundsampling. Thedouble swab permitsuse of the secondsample in thelaboratory of gramstain analysis or as abackup forverification of initialculture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-use Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium GlycerophosphateCalcium ChlorideMercaptoacetic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 ± 0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-25°C (refrigerated and roomtemperature)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-25°C (refrigeratedand roomtemperature)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic round bottom tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium in tubes, Plug &amp; polyurethanefoamSystem including medium and swab inpeel pouch option.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Shaft</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rayon or flock tipped swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rayon tipped swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.9     Recovery Testing

To determine the ability of the Puritan OptiTranz to maintain viability of different strains of aerobes and fastidious bacteria, known inoculum of ATCC type culture and clinically significant microorganisms were inoculated into the Puritan OptiTranz and compared to the predicate device following Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI), M40‐A2 guidelines. No significant differences in recovery were detected between samples obtained from Puritan OptiTranz vs. predicate device.

# 5.10     Stability Testing

Stability tests were performed on Puritan OptiTranz products to verify the ability of the aged products to maintain microbial recovery up to the expiry date.

# 5.11 pH Stability

The pH of the test device was measured at predetermined time intervals up to 18 month after manufacturing date. The test was performed using calibrated pH meter with random samples from three different lots of Puritan OptiTranz liquid Stuart medium. All samples tested were found to maintain pH within the specified range.

# 5.12 Cytotoxicity

Cytotoxicity test was conducted to evaluate Glue, shaft and the rayon or flock tipped swabs for potential cytotoxicity effect following ISO Elution Method‐1X MEM Extract. No evidence of cytotoxicity was detected.

# 5.13 Sterilization

Puritan OptiTranz Collection and Transport Systems are sterilized by gamma irradiation and validated following ANSI/AAMI/ISO 11137:2006, Sterilization of health care products Radiation guidelines.