Cepheid   
Scott Campbell, Ph.D., MBA   
Executive Director, Clinical Affairs   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale CA 94089-1189

Re: K142045 Trade/Device Name: Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Flu/RSV XC Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OOI Dated: October 21, 2014 Received: October 22, 2014

Dear Dr. Campbell:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# for

Sally A. Hojvat   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K142045

Device Name Cepheid Xper $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Flu/RSV XC Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay uses nasopharyngeal swab and nasal aspirate/wash specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus infections in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2013-2014 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5.0 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone number: (408) 400-8460 Fax number: (847) 510-0539 Kerry J. Flom, Ph.D. November 17, 2014

Contact:

Date of Preparation:

Device:

Xpert® Flu/RSV XC

Trade name: Common name: Type of Test:

Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay

Automated, multiplex real-time reverse transcriptionpolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus.

Regulation number/ Classification name/ Product code:

866.3980/Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid   
assay/OCC   
866.2570/Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test   
systems/OOI

Classification Advisory Panel

Class II Microbiology (83)

# Yes

Prescription Use Predicate Devices Assay:

1) For the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV A/B viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab specimens: Hologic Prodesse $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ ProFlu $\mathbf { T M } +$ Assay (ProFlu $^ +$ Assay) [510(k) #K1109668 and Special 510(k) #K132129]; and,   
2) For the detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B viral RNA in nasal aspirate/wash and nasopharyngeal swab specimens: Cepheid Xpert Flu [510(k) #K123191].

Predicate Devices Ancillary Sample Collection Kit:

Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT) System [510(k) #K042970]

# Device Description:

The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is a rapid, automated in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert Instrument Systems (GeneXpert Dx systems and GeneXpert Infinity Systems). The GeneXpert Instrument System platform automates and integrates sample purification, nucleic acid amplification, and detection of the target sequence in simple or complex samples using real-time PCR and reverse transcriptase PCR (RT-PCR) assays. The systems require the use of singleuse disposable cartridges (the Xpert Flu/RSV XC cartridges) that hold the PCR reagents and host the PCR process. Because the cartridges are self-contained and specimens never come into contact with working parts of the instrument modules, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay includes reagents for the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral RNA directly from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab and nasal aspirate/wash (NA/W) specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are also included in the cartridge. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the target viruses and to monitor the presence of inhibitors in the PCR reaction. The Probe Check Control (PCC) verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity and dye stability.

The single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridges are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time RT-PCR for detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and RSV viral RNA in approximately 60 minutes or less. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems, comprised of the GeneXpert Dx Systems and the GeneXpert Infinity Systems, have 1 to 80 randomly accessible modules, depending upon the instrument, that are each capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR and RTPCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary I-CORE® thermocycler for performing real-time PCR and RT-PCR and detection.

Specimens are collected following the user’s institution standard procedures for collecting NA/W specimens and NP swab specimens for influenza and RSV testing. The ancillary Cepheid Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit (Cepheid catalog #SWAB/B-100) or Cepheid’s Sample Collection Kit (Cepheid catalog #NASL-100N100) are required but not provided for use with the assay. Both kits contain the identical viral transport medium and sterile nylon flocked swab. The NA/W specimen or the NP swab specimen is placed into the Xpert viral transport medium and sent to the GeneXpert® testing area for processing. When stored in the transport medium, the NA/W specimen or NP swab specimen is stable for up to 24 hours at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or up to seven days at $2 { - } 8 \ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . When ready to test the specimen, the user briefly mixes the specimen by inverting the tube five times, transfers the eluted material to the sample chamber in the

top of the disposable fluidic cartridge. The user initiates a test from the system user interface and places the cartridge into the GeneXpert instrument platform, which performs hands-off real-time, multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for detection of RNA. The results are automatically generated at the end of the process in a report that can be viewed and printed.

# Device Intended Use:

The Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay uses nasopharyngeal swab and nasal aspirate/wash specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus infections in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2013-2014 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Ancillary Specimen Collection Kit

Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit

The Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens and to preserve and transport nasal aspirate/wash specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu Assay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

The Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit has only been cleared for use with the Xpert Flu Assay and Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assays.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is substantially equivalent to the ProFlu+ Assay [510(k) # K110968 and #K132139] and to the current Cepheid Xpert Flu Assay (510(k) #K123191). The ProFlu $^ +$ Assay and the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay detect influenza A, influenza B, and RSV A/B from NP swab specimens. The Xpert Flu Assay detects influenza A and B from both NP swab specimens and NA/W specimens, and the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay detects influenza A, influenza B, and RSV from both NP swab specimens and NA/W specimens. All three assays utilize the same technology by determining the presence of the target organisms through real-time RT-PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection. A multi-center clinical study was conducted to determine the performance characteristics of the device relative to the primary predicate device, the ProFlu $^ +$ Assay, which was validated for use with NA/W specimens, and FDA cleared for NP swab specimens. Discordant results between the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay and the ProFlu $^ +$ Assay were analyzed by sequencing using primers different from those used in the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay. The study results showed the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is acceptable for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

Table 5-1 shows the similarities and differences between the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay and the predicate assays.

Table 5-1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay with the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSVXC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current CepheidXpert Flu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hologic ProdesseProFlu+ Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#K142045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#K123191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#K110968 and#K132129 (special)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC, 001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OQW, OCC, 001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC, 001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologyPrinciple ofOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex real time RT-PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSVXC</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Current CepheidXpert Flu</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Hologic ProdesseProFlu+ Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">IntendedUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay,performed on theGeneXpert InstrumentSystems, is anautomated, multiplexreal-time, reversetranscriptase polymerasechain reaction (RT-PCRassay intended for the invitro qualitative detectionand differentiation ofinfluenza A, influenza B,and respiratory syncytial</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">The Cepheid Xpert FluAssay,performed on theGeneXpert InstrumentSystems, is anautomated, multiplexreal-time RT-PCRassay intended for thein vitro qualitativedetection anddifferentiation ofinfluenza A, influenzaB and 2009 H1N1influenza viral RNA.The Xpert Flu Assayuses nasal</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="6">The ProFluTM+ Assayis a multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR)in vitrodiagnostic test for therapid and qualitativedetection anddiscrimination ofInfluenza A Virus,Influenza B Virus, andRespiratory SyncytialVirus (RSV) nucleicacids isolated andpurified fromnasopharyngeal (NP)swab specimensobtained fromsymptomatic patients.This test is intended for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">virus (RSV) viral RNA.The Xpert Flu/RSV XCAssay uses nasopharyn-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">uses nasalaspirates/washes andnasopharyngeal swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">geal swab and nasal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aspirate/wash specimens</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">specimens collected</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="6">This test is intended foruse to aid in thedifferential diagnosis ofInfluenza A, InfluenzaB and RSV viralinfections in humansand is not intended to</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">collected from patientswith signs and symptomsof respiratory infection inconjunction with clinical</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">from patients with</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">use to aid in thedifferential diagnosis ofInfluenza A, InfluenzaB and RSV viral</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection in</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">respiratory infection inconjunction with</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">and epidemiological riskfactors. The XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay isintended as an aid in thediagnosis of influenzaand respiratory syncytialvirus.Negative results do notpreclude influenza virusor respiratory syncytialvirus infection andshould not be used as thesole basis for treatmentor other patientmanagement decisions.</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">clinical and</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">and is not intended to</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">epidemiological risk</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">factors. The Xpert FluAssay is intended as anaid in the diagnosis ofinfluenza.Negative results do notpreclude influenzavirus infection andshould not be used as</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">detect Influenza C.Negative results do notpreclude influenza orRSV virus infectionand should not be usedas the sole basis for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">the sole basis for</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">as the sole basis fortreatment or othermanagement decisions.Conversely, positiveresults do not rule-outbacterial infection or</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">treatment or otherpatient managementdecisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSVXC</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Current CepheidXpert Flu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hologic ProdesseProFlu+ Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">co-infection with otherviruses. The agentdetected may not be thedefinite cause ofdisease. The use ofadditional laboratorytesting and clinicalpresentation must beconsidered in order toobtain the finaldiagnosis of respiratoryviral infection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Performancecharacteristics forinfluenza A wereestablished during the2013-2014 influenzaseason. When othernovel influenza A virusesare emerging,performancecharacteristics may vary.</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Performancecharacteristics forinfluenza A wereestablished during the2009-2010 influenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Performancecharacteristics forInfluenza A Virus wereestablished whenInfluenza A/H3 andA/H1 were thepredominant InfluenzaA viruses in circulation(2006-2007respiratory season).Performancecharacteristics for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">season when 2009H1N1 influenza wasthe predominantinfluenza A virus incirculation.Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">circulation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">characteristics for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">influenza A were</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A were</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">confirmed wheninfluenza A/H3 and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">confirmed whenInfluenza A/H1,Influenza A/H3, and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">influenza A/2009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">H1N1 were thepredominant influenzaA viruses in circulation(2009-2010, 2010-2011and 2011-2012). When</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/2009H1N1 were thepredominant InfluenzaA viruses in circulation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">en</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">(2008 and 2009). Whenother Influenza Aviruses are emerging,performancecharacteristics mayvary.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">other influenza A</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">other influenza Aviruses are emerging,performancecharacteristics mayvary.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSVXC</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Current CepheidXpert Flu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hologic ProdesseProFlu+ Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">If infection with a novelinfluenza A virus issuspected based oncurrent clinical andepidemiologicalscreening criteriarecommended by publichealth authorities,specimens should becollected withappropriate infection</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="4">If infection with anovel influenza A virusis suspected based oncurrent clinical andepidemiologicalscreening criteriarecommended bypublic healthauthorities, specimensshould be collectedwith appropriateinfection controlprecautions for novelvirulent influenzaviruses and sent to stateor local healthdepartment for testing.Viral culture should notbe attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+facility is available toreceive and culturespecimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">If infection with anovel Influenza A virusis suspected based oncurrent clinical andepidemiologicalscreening criteriarecommended bypublic healthauthorities, specimensshould be collectedwith appropriateinfection controlprecautions for novelvirulent Influenzaviruses and sent to stateor local healthdepartment for testing.Viral culture should notbe attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+facility is available toreceive and culturespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">control precautions fornovel virulent influenzaviruses and sent to stateor local healthdepartment for testing.Viral culture should notbe attempted in these</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">be attempted in these</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">cases unless a BSL 3+facility is available toreceive and culturespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indicationfor Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection in conjunctionwith clinical andepidemiological riskfactors</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same - symptomaticpatients</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayTargets</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Influenza A Virus,Influenza B Virus, andRSV viral RNA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Influenza A, influenzaB, and influenza A,subtype 2009 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Nasal aspirate/wash(NA/W) specimens andNasopharyngeal (NP)swab specimens</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal (NP)swab specimens; use ofProFlu+ Assay withNA/W specimens wasvalidated.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSVXC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current CepheidXpert Flu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hologic ProdesseProFlu+ Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NucleicAcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExtractionMethods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparationintegrated in GeneXpertCartridge and GeneXpertInstrumentation System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction andpurification with RocheMagNA Pure LCSystem or bioMérieuxNucliSENS easyMAGSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpertInstrument Systems;same Cepheid I-coretechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid SmartCycler IISystem; same CepheidI-core technology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Encapsulated (armored)RNA pseudovirus as asample processingcontrol.Available but notprovided are inactivatedvirus controls forinfluenza A/B and RSVas external positivecontrols, and Coxsackievirus as an externalnegative control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal RNA control.Required and provided:influenza A, influenzaB, RSV A, RSV Bpositive RNA transcriptcontrols</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time toobtain testresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 60minutes or less forsample preparation andreal-time RT-PCR.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 minutes for samplepreparation and real-time RT-PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 4 hoursfor sample preparationand real-time RT-PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primersand probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes todetect the presence ofnucleic acid sequences ofinfluenza A, influenza B,and RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes todetect the presence ofnucleic acid sequencesof influenza A,influenza B, andinfluenza, subtypeH1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratoryUsers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operators in moderateand high complexity labs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay;categorized as CLIAModerate Complexity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLIA High Complexity</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Primary Differences(Differences are also Captured in the Similarities Table above)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSVXC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current CepheidXpert Flu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prodesse® ProFluTM+Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUseDifferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detects and differentiatesbetween influenza A,influenza B, and RSVviral RNA.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detects anddifferentiates betweeninfluenza A, influenzaB, and 2009 H1N1influenza viral RNA.Does not detect RSVviral RNA.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal aspirate/wash(NA/W) specimens andNasopharyngeal (NP)swab specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal (NP)swab specimens; notFDA cleared for NA/Wspecimens, butspecimen type wasvalidated for use in theclinical study.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestCartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable single-use,multi-chambered fluidiccartridge with allreagents contained in thecartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable single-use,multi-chamberedfluidic cartridge. Onereagent must be addedto the cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable single-usePCR tube. All reagentsand controls must beadded to the PCR tube.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert DxSystems and GeneXpertInfinity Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid SmartCycler</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained andautomated after mixedspecimen is added tocartridge. All otherreagents are contained inthe cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained andautomated after mixedspecimen and onesingle-dose reagent areadded to cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primersand probesforinfluenzaA,influenzaB, andinfluenza AsubtypeH1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes todetect the presence ofnucleic acid sequences ofinfluenza A, influenza B,and RSV A/B. TheXpert Flu/RSV Assaycontains additional RNAsegments in order toprotect the assaysensitivity frommutations in theinfluenza genome due toantigenic drifts and shiftsas compared to the XpertFlu Assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes todetect the presence ofnucleic acid sequencesof influenza A,influenza B, andinfluenza, subtypeH1N1. The currentXpert Flu Assay doesnot detect RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes todetect the presence ofnucleic acid sequencesof influenza A,influenza B, and RSVA/B.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetSequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: Matrixprotein (MP),Polymerase (PB 2 andPA), and Hemagglutinin(HA for H7N9)Influenza B: Matrixprotein (MP) and Non-structural proteins (NS 1and NS 2)RSV A and RSV B:Nucleocapsid protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: Matrixprotein andHemagglutinin (HA forH1N1)Influenza B:Hemagglutinin (HA)None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: Matrixprotein (MP)Influenza B: Non-structural protein (NS 1and NS 2)RSV A and RSV B:Polymerase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InternalControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processingcontrol (SPC) and probecheck control (PCC).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal RNA control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratoryUsers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operators with noclinical lab experience toexperienced clinicallaboratory technologists.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operators with noclinical lab experienceto experienced clinicallaboratorytechnologists;categorized as CLIAModerate Complexity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLIA High Complexity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time toobtain testresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 60minutes or less forsample preparation andRT-PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 minutes for samplepreparation and RT-PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 4 hoursfor sample preparationand RT-PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combinatorial AssaySelections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, user may selectcombined assay with alltargets or a Flu onlyassay or a RSV onlyassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Early assayterminationfunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Flu only or RSV onlyassay selections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay has the same intended use as the primary predicate device and the same technological characteristics as both predicate devices. The clinical study demonstrates that the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is acceptable for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

The predicate device for the ancillary specimen collection kit, the Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit, is the Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT) System, $[ 5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } ) \# \mathrm { K } 0 4 2 9 7 0 ]$ . The similarities and differences are shown in Table 5-2.

Table 5-2: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit isdesigned to collect, preserve andtransport nasopharyngeal swabspecimens and to preserve andtransport nasal aspirate/washspecimens from patients withsigns and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the Xpert FluAssay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XCAssay.The Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit has onlybeen cleared for use with theXpert Flu and Xpert Flu/RSVxC Assays.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan Universal TransportMedium (UTM-RT) System isintended for the collection andtransport of clinical specimenscontaining viruses, chlamydiae,mycoplasma or ureaplasmafrom the collection site to thetesting laboratory. UTM-RTcan be processed using standardclinical laboratory operatingprocedures for viral, chlamydial,mycoplasma and ureaplasmaculture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-use Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hank's Balanced Salt SolutionBovine Serum AlbuminL-cysteineGelatinSucroseL-glutamic acidHEPES bufferVancomycinAmphotericin BColistinPhenol red</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 ± 0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 25°C (refrigeratedand room temperature)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 ml; 3 ml; or 10ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glass Beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 3 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic (medical-gradepolypropylene)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Tube in Kit withindividually-wrapped sterileswab.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Tubes;Kit with Medium Tubes andSwab Options</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use(differences)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, preservationand transport ofnasopharyngeal swabspecimens and to preserve andtransport nasal aspirate/washspecimens containing virusesfrom patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysiswith the Xpert Flu and XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, transport (andpreservation of viability) ofswab collected clinicalspecimens containing viruses,chlamydiae, mycoplasma orureaplasma. UTM-RT can beprocessed using standardclinical laboratory operatingprocedures for viral, chlamydial,mycoplasma and ureaplasmaculture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nylon flocked (samecollection swab as used withthe current Xpert Flu Assay).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyester</td></tr></table>

Both devices have the same general intended use and use the same technology to collect, store and transport clinical specimens, including viruses, to the laboratory for further testing. The prospective component of the multi-center clinical study of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC was conducted using Copan-manufactured UTM-RT and sterile nylon flocked swab demonstrating that the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is acceptable for its intended use and substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# Non-Clinical Studies:

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

Studies were performed to determine the analytical limit of detection (LoD) of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay with two lots of reagents across three testing days. The higher LoD observed per strain and per lot was selected for verification. Verification of the estimated LoD claim was performed on one reagent lot across a minimum of three testing days. LoD was established using two influenza A H3N2 strains, two influenza A 2009 H1N1 strains, two influenza B strains, two respiratory syncytial virus A (RSV A) strains, two respiratory syncytial virus B (RSV B) strains, and one influenza A H7N9 strain diluted into a negative pooled clinical matrix. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration (tissue culture infective dose, $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ) per sample that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples with $9 5 \%$ confidence or the lowest concentration at which 19 of 20 replicates were positive. Each strain was tested in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus.

The LoD was determined empirically as the first concentration that had 19/20 or 20/20 positive results. The LoD point values for each strain tested are summarized in 5-3 to Table 5-8.

Table 5-3: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Influenza A 2009 H1N1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Florida/27/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (19/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-4: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Influenza A H3N2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-5: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Influenza B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5(20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-6: Confirmed LoD $\bf { ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L ) }$ ): Respiratory Syncytial Virus A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2/Australia/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/Long/MD/56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 (19/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-7: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Respiratory Syncytial Virus B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LOD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/Washington/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320/Massachusetts/77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 (19/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-8: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Influenza A H7N9   

<table><tr><td>Strain ID</td><td>Confirmed LOD (TCID50/mL) (at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A/Anhui/1/2013</td><td>21.0 (19/20)</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 44 cultures consisting of 16 viral, 26 bacterial, and two yeast strains representing common respiratory pathogens or those potentially encountered in the nasopharynx. Three replicates of all bacterial and yeast strains were tested at concentrations $\mathrm { { o f } \geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \ C F U / m L }$ with the exception of one strain which was tested at $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ (Chlamydia pneumoniae). Three replicates of all viruses were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 ^ { \mathrm { / m L } }$ . The analytical specificity was $100 \%$ . Results are shown in Table 5-9.

Table 5-9: Analytical Specificity of Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">No Template Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.87x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.85x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.24x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.31x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.16x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9x106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.31x106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15x106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.55x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEGa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16x105 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis(avirulent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 cFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus(protein A producer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphyloccus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay was evaluated against multiple strains of influenza A H1N1 (seasonal pre-2009), influenza A H1N1 (pandemic 2009), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), avian influenza A (H5N1, H5N2, H6N2, H7N2, H7N3, H2N2, H7N9, and H9N2), influenza B (representing strains from both Victoria and Yamagata lineages), and respiratory syncytial virus subgroups A and B (RSV A and RSV B) at levels near the analytical LoD. A total of 64 strains including 54 influenza viruses and 10 RSV strains were tested in this study with the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

Three replicates were tested for each strain. Results are shown in Table 5-10.

Table 5-10: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">No Template Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Influenza AH1N1 (pre-2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/Iowa/15/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mal/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/55/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Soloman Island/3/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Influenza AH1N1(pdm2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/7/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/NY/02/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Florida/27/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Colorado/14/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Washington/24/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0a TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Influenza AH3N2(Seasonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/HongKong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Avianinfluenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Hunan/795/2002 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Hubei/327/2004 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/µb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Japanese whiteeye/HongKong/1038/2006 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/WI/34/75 (H5N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/CA431/00 (H6N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/LTC-10-82743/1943 (H7N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1 ρg/µLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/NJ/15086-3/94 (H7N3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μlb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Shanghai/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Korea/38349-p96323/1996(H9N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μlb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mallard/NY/6750/78 (H2N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Panama/45/90d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 TCID50/mL c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/07/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/06d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2011d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/2012†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2010†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/04d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/Long/MD/56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/2/Australia/61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/NY (Clinical unknown)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/WI/629-8-2/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/WI/629-11-1/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/Wash/18537/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/9320/MA/77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/WV14617/85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/CH93(18)-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0 TCID50/mL g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/WI/629-5B/0607</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr></table>

aInfluenza A/Washington/24/2012 was tested at 5X LoD $( 8 0 . 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ ) to obtain 3 of 3 Flu A POSITIVE result calls. bPurified viral RNA in simulated background matrix was used for avian influenza A viruses due to biosafety regulations. cInactivated avian influenza A (H7N9) viruses without viral titer was diluted 100,000 fold in simulated background matrix and tested due to biosafety regulations. dKnown Victoria lineage. eInfluenza B/Panama/45/90 was tested at 5X LoD $( 3 . 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ to obtain 3/3 Flu B POSITIVE result calls. fKnown Yamagata lineage. gRSV-B/CH93(18)-18 was tested at 10X LoD (20.0 TCID50/mL) to obtain 3/3 RSV POSITIVE result calls.

Although this test has been shown to detect the novel avian influenza A (H7N9) cultured material, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for the novel avian influenza A (H7N9) virus have not been established. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it cannot differentiate influenza subtypes.

# Potentially Interfering Substances

In a non-clinical study, potentially interfering substances that may be present in the nasopharynx were evaluated directly relative to the performance of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay. Potentially interfering substances in the nasopharynx may include, but are not limited to: blood, nasal secretions or mucus, and nasal and throat medications used to relieve congestion, nasal dryness, irritation, or asthma and allergy symptoms, as well as antibiotics and antivirals. Negative samples $( \mathbf { n } = 8 )$ ) were tested per each substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC). Positive samples $( \mathbf { n } = 8 )$ ) were tested per substance with six influenza (four influenza A and two influenza B) and four RSV (two RSV A and two RSV B) strains spiked at 2X the analytical LoD determined for each strain. All results were compared to positive and negative Universal Transport Medium (UTM) controls.

These evaluated substances are listed in Table 5-11 with active ingredients and concentrations tested shown. There was no assay interference in the presence of the substances at the concentrations tested in this study. All positive and negative replicates were correctly identified using the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

FluMist vaccine samples were correctly reported as Flu A POSITIVE; FLU B POSITIVE; RSV NEGATIVE as expected. Samples containing FluMist may cause false positive results. This is addressed in Section 17, Limitations.

Table 5-11. Potentially Interfering Substances in Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance/Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description/ActiveIngredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta-adrenergicbronchodilator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83 mg/mL(equivalent to1 dose per day)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (Human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BDTM UniversalViral TransportSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel M4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel M4RT®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel M5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat lozenges,oral anestheticand analgesic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified Mucin protein(Bovine or porcinesubmaxillary gland)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic, nasalointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline NasalSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride (0.65%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anefrin NasalSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline, 0.05%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Drops</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine, 0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tamiflu®/Anti-viral drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zanamivir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibacterial,systemic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zicam®/NasalGel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luffa opperculata,Galphimia glauca,HistaminumhydrochloricumSulfur</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluMist®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liveintranasal influenzavirusvaccine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasalcorticosteroid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluticasone Propionate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Carry-Over Contamination

A study was conducted to demonstrate that single-use, self-contained GeneXpert cartridges prevent carry-over contamination in negative samples run followed by very high positive samples in the same GeneXpert module. The study consisted of a negative sample processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately followed by a very high influenza A sample (approximately $\mathrm { 1 \bar { 0 } ^ { 6 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / t e s t }$ ) or a very high RSV A sample (approximately $\mathrm { i 0 ^ { 6 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / t e s t } ,$ ). This testing scheme was repeated 20 times on two GeneXpert modules for a total of 82 runs resulting in 40 positive and 42 negative specimens for each virus type. All 40 positive samples were correctly reported as Flu A POSITIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE or Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV POSITIVE. All 42 negative samples were correctly reported as Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE.

# Fresh vs. Frozen Sample Equivalency Study

Fresh and frozen specimen equivalency in the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay was evaluated by testing individual influenza and RSV strains at three different concentrations representing low positives (2X LoD), moderate positives (5X LoD), and high positives (10X LoD) in simulated background matrix. Negative samples consisted of simulated background matrix only. Fresh and frozen specimen equivalency was determined using one seasonal Flu A H3N2 strain (A/Victoria/361/2011), one Flu B strain (B/Wisconsin/01/11), one RSV A strain (RSV A/Long/MD/56), and one RSV B strain (RSV B/9320/MA/77). Replicates of 20 were tested for each specimen type and concentration. All positive and negative specimens were tested fresh, after one freezethaw cycle, and after two freeze-thaw cycles.

There was no statistically significant effect in the performance of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay between fresh virus dilutions and two sequential freeze thaw cycles for positive and negative samples. All positive and negative replicates were correctly identified using the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

# Linearity

Not applicable, the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is a qualitative assay.

# Clinical Studies

# Clinical Comparison Study

Performance characteristics of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay were evaluated at six institutions in the U.S during the 2013-2014 influenza season. Due to the low prevalence of influenza viruses and the difficulty in obtaining fresh influenza and RSV-positive specimens, the specimen population for this study was supplemented with frozen prospective, and frozen pre-selected archived specimens.

Subjects included individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and whose routine care called for collection of nasal aspirate/wash (NA/W) specimens or nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens for influenza and/or RSV testing. For eligible subjects, aliquots of leftover specimens were obtained for testing with the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay and reference testing, and patient management continued at the site per their standard practice.

The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay performance was compared to a FDA-cleared comparator assay. Bi-directional sequencing was performed on specimens where the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay and the comparator assay were discrepant, and is provided for informational purposes only.

# Overall Results

# NA/W Specimens

A total of 657 NA/W specimens were tested for influenza A, influenza B and RSV by the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay and the comparator assay. Of the 657 NA/W specimens, 581 were fresh, prospectively collected and 76 were frozen, archived specimens.

On fresh, prospectively collected NA/W specimens, the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA for detection of influenza A of $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively, relative to the comparator assay (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for influenza B were $9 9 . 2 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for RSV were $9 8 . 5 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12).

On frozen, archived NA/W specimens, the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA for detection of influenza A of $9 7 . 1 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively, relative to the comparator assay (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for influenza B were $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for RSV were $8 4 . 6 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12).

Table 5-12: Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay Performance on NA/W Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA %(95 CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA %(95 CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(90.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2(95.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5(94.6-99.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6(98.4-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1(85.1-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(91.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(2.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(95.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6(54.6-98.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(94.3-100)</td></tr></table>

aTesting results by sequencing: NA; sample not sequenced. bTesting results by sequencing: 2 of 2 were RSV positive. cTesting results by sequencing: 1 of 2 was RSV positive; 1 of 2 was RSV negative. dTesting results by sequencing: 1 of 1 was Flu A negative. eTesting results by sequencing: 1 of 2 was RSV positive; 1 of 2 was RSV negative.

# NP Swab Specimens

A total of $5 9 3 \mathrm { N P }$ swab specimens were tested for influenza A, influenza B and RSV by the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay and the comparator assay. Of the $5 9 3 \mathrm { N P }$ swab specimens, 190 were fresh, prospectively collected and 403 were frozen, archived specimens.

On fresh, prospectively collected NP swab specimens, the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA for detection of influenza A of $8 5 . 7 \%$ and $9 8 . 9 \%$ , respectively, relative to the comparator assay (Table 5-13). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for influenza B were $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-13). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for RSV were $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-13).

On frozen, archived NP swab specimens, the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA for detection of influenza A of $9 9 . 0 \%$ and $9 2 . 8 \%$ , respectively, relative to the comparator assay (Table 5-13). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for influenza B were $9 8 . 8 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-13). The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay PPA and NPA for RSV were $9 0 . 4 \%$ and $9 9 . 1 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-13).

Table 5-13: Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay Performance on NP Swab Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA %(95 CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA %(95 CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7(42.1-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9(96.1-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(29.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(98.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(69.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(98.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0(94.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8(89.3-95.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>317</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8(93.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4(79.0-96.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1(97.5-99.8)</td></tr></table>

aTesting results by sequencing: 2 of 2 were Flu A positive. bTesting results by sequencing: 1 of 1 was Flu A negative. cTesting results by sequencing: 17 of 22 were Flu A positive; 5 of 22 were Flu A negative. dTesting results by sequencing: 1 of 1 was Flu A negative. eTesting results by sequencing: 1 of 1 was Flu B negative. fTesting results by sequencing: 2 of 3 were RSV positive; 1 of 3 was RSV negative. gTesting results by sequencing: 1 of 5 was RSV positive; 4 of 5 were RSV negative.

Of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay runs performed with eligible specimens, $9 8 . 6 \%$ (1236/1254) of these specimens were successful on the first attempt. The initial indeterminate rate was $1 . 4 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $0 . 9 { - } 2 . 3 \%$ ). The remaining 18 gave indeterminate results on the first attempt (11 ERROR, 3 INVALID and 4 NO RESULT). Seventeen of the 18 specimens were retested, of which 14 yielded valid results after a single retest. There were four NA/W specimens with indeterminate results upon retest which were excluded in the analyses.

# Reproducibility Study

A panel of 10 specimens with varying concentrations of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV was tested on ten different days by two different operators, at each of three sites (10 specimens $_ { \textrm { x 1 } }$ time/day $\textbf { \scriptsize x } 1 0$ days $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators $_ { \textrm { X 3 } }$ sites). One lot of Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay cartridges was used at each of the 3 testing sites. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay was performed according to the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay procedure. Results are summarized in Table 5-14.

Table 5-14: Summary of Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1/GX Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2/Infinity-80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3/Infinity-48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreement bySSample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%(6/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.0%(13/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(16/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%(6/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.0%(13/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(42/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(19/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(19/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(58/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(19/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(59/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(16/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.0%(17/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%(5/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.0%(13/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.7%(46/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(19/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(16/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(19/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(54/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%(6/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%(5/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0%(11/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%(6/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%(15/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(14/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%(40/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8%b(7/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5%(17/19)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(16/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(18/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.4%(51/59)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(9/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(19/19)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(59/59)</td></tr></table>

aAgreement calculated based on expected result: Negative for Negative (targeted positivity: $0 \%$ ) and High Neg (targeted positivity: $20 \mathrm { - } 8 0 \%$ samples; Positive for Low Pos (targeted positivity: $9 5 \%$ ) and Mod Pos (targeted positivity: $100 \%$ ) samples. bOne sample indeterminate on initial testing; retest not done. cOne sample $2 \mathbf { x }$ indeterminate.

The reproducibility of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay was also evaluated in terms of the fluorescence signal expressed in Ct values for each target detected. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, between-days, and between-operators for each panel member are presented in Table 5-15. One replicate was performed per day per operator, therefore, operator and assay (within-run) precision are confounded.

Table 5-15: Summary of Reproducibility Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AssayChannel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N^{</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator+ Within-Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu A- High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu A-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu A- Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B- High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B- Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV- Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr></table>

aResults with non-zero Ct values out of 60.

# Instrument System Precision

An in-house precision study was conducted to compare the performance of the GeneXpert Dx and the GeneXpert Infinity instrument systems. A panel of 10 specimens with varying concentrations of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV was tested on 12 different days by two operators. Each operator conducted four runs of each panel specimen per day on each of the two instrument systems (10 specimens x 2 times/ day x 12 days $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ instrument systems). Three lots of Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay cartridges were used for the study. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay was performed according to the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay procedure. Results are summarized in Table 5-16.

Table 5-16: Summary of Instrument System Precision Results (Dx vs. Infinity)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>GeneXpert Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Infinity</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreementby Samplea</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inst</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inst</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(192/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%(36/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.1%(37/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.0%(73/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(42/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%(36/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.3%(78/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.7%(151/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8%(33/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%(80/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(44/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7%(89/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0%(169/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(95/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(92/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%(187/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.3%(39/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2%(38/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.2%(77/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(43/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2%(38/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.4%(81/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.3%(158/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(43/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7%(89/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(43/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(42/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5%(85/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6%(174/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(95/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%(191/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(43/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.1%(37/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%(80/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(42/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%(40/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4%(82/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.4%(162/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(90/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(42/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(43/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5%(85/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1%(175/192)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(95/96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%(191/192)</td></tr></table>

aAgreement calculated based on expected result: Negative for Negative (targeted positivity: $0 \%$ ) and High Neg (targeted positivity: $2 0 \mathrm { - } 8 0 \%$ ) samples; Positive for Low Pos (targeted positivity: $9 5 \%$ ) and Mod Pos (targeted positivity: $1 0 0 \%$ ) samples.

The precision of the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay was also evaluated in terms of the fluorescence signal expressed in Ct values for each target detected. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-instruments, between-lots, between-days, between-operators, and within-assays for each panel member are presented in Table 5-17.

Table 5-17. Summary of Precision Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assayhanel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-OOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu A-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu A-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu A-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr></table>

aResults with non-zero Ct values out of 192.

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.