Focus Diagnostics, Inc.   
Sharon Young,   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11331 Valley View Street   
Cypress, CA 90630

Re: K142365 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OOI Dated: September 26, 2014 Received: September 29, 2014

Dear Ms. Young:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct and Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack

Indications for Use (Describe)

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650

The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) RNA in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established with clinical specimens collected during the 2010/2011 influenza season when $2 0 0 9 \mathrm { H } 1 \mathrm { N } 1$ influenza and H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack REF MOL2660

Focus Diagnostics’ Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct kit. This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applicant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Focus Diagnostics, Inc.11331 Valley View StreetCypress, California 90630USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2023365</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sharon Youngtel 562.240.6680fax 562.240.6529syoung@focusdx.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Summary Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 2, 2014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct and Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVPositive Control Pack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Generic Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory viral panel nucleic acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC - Respiratory Viral Panel Nucleic Acid Assay SystemOOI - Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 866.3980</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K120413 Simplexa ™M Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct and Simplexa ™M Flu AB&amp; RSV Positive Control Pack</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) SUBMISSION PURPOSE

The purpose of the submission is to add eight (8) additional influenza strains to the Analytical Reactivity of the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct. The package insert was updated to include the additional strains which included the following six (6) additional strains of Influenza A and two (2) additional strains of Influenza B:Influenza A/Anhui/1/2013, Influenza A/California/12/2012 (H1N1) pdm09, Influenza A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v, Influenza A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v, Influenza A/Ohio/02/2012 (H3N2), Influenza A/Texas/50/2012 (H3N2), Influenza B/Brisbane/60/2008 and Influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2010.

Changes to the Simplexa™ Flu A/B and RSV Direct K120413 (Gen 1) were made in two phases. The first phase of the modifications (Gen 2.0) included changes to the reaction mix formulation and cycling conditions: (a) change in the annealing temperature (decreased), (b) change in the run time (increased), (c) change in the enzyme used, and (d) change to the RSV cut-off Ct (decreased). Limited changes (Gen. 2.1) were also made to the manufacturing process and materials to increase the stability of the reaction mix and to minimize non-specific products.

# INTENDED USE

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650

The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) RNA in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established with clinical specimens collected during the 2010/2011 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza and H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack REF MOL2660

Focus Diagnostics’ Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct kit. This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay system is a real-time RT-PCR system that enables the direct amplification, detection and differentiation of human influenza A (Flu A) virus RNA, human influenza B (Flu B) virus RNA and RSV RNA from unprocessed nasopharyngeal swabs that have not undergone nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay, the 3M Integrated Cycler (with Integrated Cycler Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay, bi-functional fluorescent probe-primers are used together with corresponding reverse primers to amplify Flu A, Flu B, RSV and internal control RNA. The assay provides three results; conserved regions of influenza A viruses (matrix gene), influenza B viruses (matrix gene) and RSV (M gene) are targeted to identify these viruses in the specimen. An RNA internal control is used to detect RT-PCR failure and/or inhibition.

# MATERIALS PROVIDED

The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct kit contains sufficient reagents for 24 reactions. Upon receipt, store at -10 to ${ } _ { - 3 0 } \circ _ { \mathbb { C } }$ (do not use a frost-free freezer). Each vial contains sufficient material for one use. Use within 30 minutes of removing from the freezer.

# Component Name

Kit Description   

<table><tr><td>REF</td><td colspan="2">EC SYMBOL ON LABEL</td><td>Abbreviated Name</td><td>Cap Color</td><td>Number of Vials</td><td>Reactions per Vial/Kit</td><td>Volume per Vial</td></tr><tr><td>MOL2651</td><td>REAG</td><td>A</td><td>RM</td><td>Brown</td><td>24</td><td>1/24</td><td>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Reaction Mix

# Component Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Contents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ Flu A/B &amp;RSV Direct ReactionMix (RM)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DNA polymerase, Reverse Transcriptase, RNase inhibitor, buffer and dNTPs, encapsulated RNA TemplateDye-labeled fluorescent primers specific for detection of influenza A, influenza B and RSV and for theInternal Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore(Dye)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JOE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal ControlRNA IC&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp;RSV Direct BarcodeCard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Assay specific parameters, lot number, expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack REF MOL2660

Product Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Component NameSimplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cap Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofVials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactions perVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL2661</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivated influenza A virus,Inactivated influenza B virus,Inactivated RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μL</td></tr></table>

# MATERIALS SUPPLIED SEPARATELY

1. Direct Amplification Disc Kit (REF MOL1455) a. Direct Amplification Discs for use on the Integrated Cycler.

# INSTRUMENT REQUIREMENTS

3M Integrated Cycler with Integrated Cycler Studio Software version 4.2 or higher

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE

Similarities

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate K120413</td><td>Modified Device K142365</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Simplexa ™M Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct REF MOL2650 The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) RNA in nasopharyngeal swabs (NP) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were established with clinical specimens collected I during the 2010/2011 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza and H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza viruses and sent to the state or localhealth department for testing. Viral cultureshould not be attempted in these cases unlessa BSL 3+ facility is available to receive andculture specimens.Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Positive ControlPack REF MOL2660Focus Diagnostics' Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVPositive Control Pack is intended to be used asa control with the Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect kit. This control is not intended for usewith other assays or systems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct assaysystem is a real-time RT-PCR system thatenables the direct amplification, detection anddifferentiation of human influenza A (Flu A)virus RNA, human influenza B (Flu B) virusRNA and RSV RNA fromunprocessednasopharyngeal swabsthat  havenotundergone nucleic acid extraction. The systemconsists of the Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect assay, the 3M Integrated Cycler (withIntegrated Cycler Studio Software), the DirectAmplification Disc and associated accessories.In the Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct assay,bi-functional fluorescent probe-primers are usedtogether with corresponding reverse primers toamplify Flu A, Flu B, RSV and internal controlRNA. The assay provides three results;conserved regions of influenza A viruses (matrixgene), influenza B viruses (matrix gene) andRSV (M gene) are targeted to identify theseviruses in the specimen. An RNA internalcontrol is used to detect RT-PCR failure and/orinhibition.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3M Integrated Cycler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unprocessed nasopharyngeal swabs that havenot undergone nucleic acid extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AViral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Well conserved region of the matrix gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza BViral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Well conserved region of the matrix gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RespiratorySyncytial Vial Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td>Analytical Reactivity Influenza A Brisbane/10/07 H3,</td><td>Predicate K120413</td><td>Modified Device K142365</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Influenza A Brisbane/59/07 H1, Influenza A New Caledonia/20/99 H1N1, Influenza A Port Chalmers/1/73 H3N2, Influenza A Solomon Island/03/06 H1, Influenza A Taiwan/42/06 H1N1, Influenza A Wisconsin/67/05 H3, Influenza A WS/33 H1N1, Influenza A/California/7/2009 NYMC x-179-A , Tissue Culture Adapted Influenza A/Swine H1N1/lowa/15/1930, Tissue Culture Adapted Influenza A Swine H1N1/USA/1976/1931, Influenza A PR8 Vietnam/1203/2004 (H5N1 - inactivated virus), Influenza B Allen/45, Influenza B Florida/02/2006, Influenza B Florida/04/2006, Influenza B Florida/07/04, Influenza B Hong Kong/5/72, Influenza B Lee/40, Influenza B Maryland/1/59, Influenza B Panama/45/90, and Influenza B Taiwan/2/62, B Panama/45/90, influenza B Taiwan/2/62, influenza B/Brisbane/60/2008, influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2010, RSV A Long,</td><td>Eight (8) additional influenza strains were tested and included in the Analytical Reactivity table. The added strains were 6 strains of Influenza A and 2 additional strains of Influenza B; Influenza A/Anhui/1/2013, Influenza A/California/12/2012 (H1N1) pdm09, Influenza A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v, Influenza A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v, Influenza, Influenza A/Ohio/02/2012 (H3N2), Influenza A/Texas/50/2012 (H3N2), Influenza B/Brisbane/60/2008 and Influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2010 List including the new strains; Influenza A Brisbane/10/07 H3, influenza A Brisbane/59/07 H1, influenza A New Caledonia/20/99 H1N1, influenza A Port Chalmers/1/73 H3N2, influenza A Solomon Island/03/06 H1, iinfluenza A Taiwan/42/06 H1N1, influenza A Wisconsin/67/05 H3, influenza A WS/33 H1N1, influenza A/California/7/2009 NYMC x-179-A, Tissue Culture Adapted influenza A/Swine H1N1/lowa/15/1930, Tissue Culture Adapted influenza A Swine H1N1/USA/1976/1931, influenza A PR8 Vietnam/1203/2004 (H5N1 - inactivated virus), influenza A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9), influenza A/California/12/2012 (H1N1) pdm09, influenza A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v, influenza A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v, influenza A/Ohio/02/2012 (H3N2), influenza A/Texas/50/2012 (H3N2), influenza B Allen/45, influenza B Florida/02/2006, influenza B Florida/04/2006, influenza B Florida/07/04, influenza B Hong Kong/5/72, influenza B Lee/40, influenza B Maryland/1/59, influenza</td></tr></table>

# K142365

# 510(k) Summary

Prepared Date: December 2, 2014   
Page 6 of 14

Method Comparison - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 1.0 (K120413) to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K120413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device K142365</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturing,   Material   andCycling Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(Gen 2.0) - Changes to the annealingtemperature (decreased), change inthe run time (increased) andchanges inenzyme used andchange to theRSVcut-offf Ct(decreased).(Gen  2.1)        Changes  tomanufacturing     process    andmaterials.</td></tr></table>

The changes implemented for Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.0) were evaluated with archived clinical samples. Based on historical data, 265 samples in Universal Transport Medium (UTM) or Viral Transport Medium (VTM) were assembled with 55 samples positive for influenza A, 55 samples positive for influenza B, 55 samples positive for RSV and 100 samples negative for all of the viruses tested. The 265 samples tested included 131 archived clinical samples originally tested in the clinical study conducted in support of the 510(k) submission (K120413). The other 134 samples included 33 archived samples from the 2010-2011 flu season and 101 samples from the 2013-2014 flu season. The samples were tested in parallel using the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 1.0) and the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.0). The positive percent agreement (PPA) and the negative percent agreement (NPA) between the results obtained with the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 1.0) and the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.0) for each virus are shown below:

# Method Comparison - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0 to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.1(K142365)

The changes implemented for Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.1) were evaluated with archived clinical samples. Based on historical data, 265 samples in Universal Transport Medium (UTM) or Viral Transport Medium (VTM) were assembled with 55 samples positive for influenza A, 55 samples positive for influenza B, 55 samples positive for RSV and 100 samples negative for all of the viruses tested. The 265 samples tested included 125 archived clinical samples originally tested in the clinical study conducted in support of the $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ submission (K120413). The other 140 samples included 48 archived samples from the 2010-2011 flu season, 9 samples from 2012-2013 flu season and 83 samples from the 2013-2014 flu season. The samples were tested in parallel using the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.0) and the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.1). The positive percent agreement (PPA) and the negative percent agreement (NPA) between the results obtained with the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.0) and the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.1) for each virus are shown below:

Influenza A - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 1.0 (K120413) to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa ™Flu A/B &amp;RSVDect(Gen  2.0)Flu       ÅResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa ™Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect(Gen1.0)luAResult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (58/58)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7% (198/207)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9% to 97.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>iscrepant (K120413  Negative and K142365  Positive samples were positive or Flu A onanother DAcleared NAT.</td></tr></table>

PPA: Positive Percent Agreement, NPA: Negative Percent Agreement

Influenza A - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0 to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.1 (K142365)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa ™Flu AV/B&amp;RSVDirect(Gen  2.1)Flu       AResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa ™FluA/B &amp; RSVDirect(Gen2.0)Flu AResult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (58/58)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0% (205/207)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5% to 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

PPA: Positive Percent Agreement, NPA: Negative Percent Agreement

Influenza B - Simplexa™Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 1.0 (K120413) to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa TFlu A/B &amp;RSV Direct(Gen 2.0)Flu BResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect (Gen 1.0) Flu BResult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% (54/55)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4% to 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7% (201/210)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1% to 97.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>b5/9 discrepant (K120413 - Negative and K142365 - Positive) samples were positive for Flu B on another FDAcleared NAT.1/1 discrepant (K120413  Positive and K142365  Negative) samples was negative for Flu B on another FDAcleared NAT.</td></tr></table>

PPA: Positive Percent Agreement, NPA: Negative Percent Agreement

Influenza B - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0 to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.1 (K142365)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa ™Flu A/B &amp;RSV Direct(Gen 2.1)Flu BResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect (Gen 2.0) Flu BResult</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (56/56)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(209/209)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

PPA: Positive Percent Agreement, NPA: Negative Percent Agreement

RSV - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 1.0 (K120413) to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™Flu A/B &amp;RSV Direct(Gen 2.0)RSVResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect (Gen 1.0) RSV Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (45/46)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7% to 99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% (210/219)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4% to 97.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>d3/9 discrepant (K120413  Negative and K142365  Positive) samples were positive for RSV on another FDAcleared NAT.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>1 discrepant (K120413 - Positive and K142365 - Negative) sample was negative for RSV on another FDAcleared NAT.</td></tr></table>

PPA: Positive Percent Agreement, NPA: Negative Percent Agreement

RSV - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.0 to Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct Gen 2.1 (K142365)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa ™Flu A/B &amp;RSV Direct(Gen 2.1)RSV Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVDirect (Gen 2.0) RSV Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GrandTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (55/55)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (210/210)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

PPA: Positive Percent Agreement, NPA: Negative Percent Agreement

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY/ CROSS REACTIVITY

# Analytical Reactivity - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.1)

Different strains of influenza A including H1, H3 and H5 subtypes, influenza B and RSV including A and B subtypes were evaluated. The most recent strains and geographically diverse strains were chosen. Quantified viral material was spiked into negative swab matrix at a single dilution at the concentrations below. Each was assayed in triplicate. Ct values obtained during testing indicate all viral strains were tested near the LoD. All strains tested were appropriately detected.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Taiwan/42/06 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000 EID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Brisbane/10/07 H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Brisbane/59/07 H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/California/12/2012 (H1N1) pdm09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/California/7/2009 NYMC x-179-A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/lndiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/New Caledonia/20/99 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Ohio/02/2012 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Port Chalmers/1/73 H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/PR/8/34 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Solomon Island/03/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Swine NY/02/2009 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Swine/1976/31 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Swine/lowa/15/30 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Texas/50/2012 (H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Wisconsin/67/05 H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/WS/33 H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/02/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/04/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/07/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Panama/45/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A Long</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B 9320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Detected</td></tr></table>

# K142365

# 510(k) Summary

Prepared Date: December 2, 2014   
Page 10 of 14

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B Wash/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B WV/14617/85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr></table>

NOTE: Although this test has been shown to detect novel avian influenza A (H7N9) and H3N2v cultured viruses, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for novel avian influenza A (H7N9) and H3N2v influenza viruses have not been established.

# Cross Reactivity (Analytical Specificity) - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.1)

Thirty-two (32) organisms were tested at clinically relevant concentrations to evaluate cross-reactivity of the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct. Three (3) instruments were used and fifteen (15) experimental runs across two (2) days by a single (1) operator were performed. Each of the organisms was spiked into a negative matrix and tested in triplicate (3). Baseline negative matrix was tested in five (5) replicates. No cross reactivity was observed.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestedConc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">%Detection (# Detected / # Total)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A (FAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B (JOE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV (CFR610)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC (Q670)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baseline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(5/5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.17E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.37E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussisA639</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydiapneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CytomegalovirusCMV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04E+05U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.89E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacteriumdiphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus(EBV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10E+05copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli0157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aemphilusinfuenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.41E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillusplantarum, 17-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.97E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionellalongbeachae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.63E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metapneumovirus 9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+05TID50/mML</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis,NE1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.49E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.51E+05TCID50/mML</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacteriumtuberculosis (genomicDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.54E+06c/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasmapneumoniae, M129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16E+06ccu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.05E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseriameningitides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.07E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80E+05IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.93E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcusaureus, COL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcusepidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.23E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.20E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspyogenes, M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.36E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcussalivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.12E+06cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr></table>

# INTERFERENCE - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.1)

The performance of this assay was evaluated with potentially interfering substances that may be present in nasopharyngeal swabs at the concentrations indicated in the table below. The potentially interfering substances were evaluated in a contrived sample that contained influenza A, influenza B and RSV. All strains were tested at two to four times the LoD. There was no evidence of interference caused by the substances tested.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Qualitative Result for each Channel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A (FAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B (Joe)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV (CFR610)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA IC (Q670)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baseline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(15/15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(15/15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(15/15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(15/15)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Afrin NasalSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Osetamivirphosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1μM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zicam NasalGel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified MucinProte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beconase AQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NasalCorticosteroid Fluticasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RelenzaAntiviral Drug-Zanamivir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

Three (3) strains of influenza A, two (2) strains of influenza B and two (2) strains of RSV were tested to determine the limit of detection (LoD) for the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct. Four concentrations per virus were tested in triplicate during the screening phase to determine the tentative LoD. The lowest concentration with all replicates detected during the screening phase was tested in thirty two (32) replicates to confirm detection at that concentration. The LoD is determined if at least 31/32 $( \ge 9 5 . 0 \% )$ replicates are detected. The following table shows the comparison of the limit of detection between the original Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 1.0) and the modified Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.0 and Gen 2.1).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gen 1.0(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gen 2.0(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gen 2.1(TCID5o/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/ Hong Kong/8/68 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/PR/8/34 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Swine NY/02/2009 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Great Lakes/1739/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B CH93-18 (18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

# PRECISION - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct (Gen 2.1)

The reaction mix (RM) lot to lot reproducibility was evaluated for Simplexa™ Flu A/B $\&$ RSV Direct (Gen 2.1) using three (3) Reaction Mix lots and sample panel which includes Low $( \sim 1 . 5 \times \mathsf { L o D } )$ and Moderate $( \sim 4 \times \mathsf { L o D } )$ positive samples for each of the three targets (Flu A, Flu B and RSV) and Positive Control. The low and moderate positive samples of each target were prepared by spiking the viral strain into negative swab matrix.

Each sample panel member was tested in duplicate (2) for each Reaction Mix lot in each run, two (2) runs per day for total of three (3) days using a single (1) 3M Integrated Cycler and a single (1) operator. The study produced at least thirty-six (36) replicates for each sample panel member. The Flu B moderate positive sample was tested in forty-one (41) replicates.

<table><tr><td colspan="14" rowspan="1">Quantitative Summary of Reaction Mix Inter-Lot Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Analyte(Channel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SamplePanelMember</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Inter-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Inter-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Inter-Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intra-Run/Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FluA FAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A LowPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu AModerateositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive ControlPC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Flu B(JOE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Lowsitive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu BModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveCControl(PC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">RSV CFR610)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Lowsitive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Contro(PP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">RNA IC(Q670)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A LowPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu AModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B LowPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu BModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> RSV LowPoositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVModeratePositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(PC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>QualitativeResults(BySample)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Flu A (FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Flu B (JOE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>RSV (CFR610)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu AMediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu BMediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV: LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV:MediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeTemplateControl(NTC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl(PC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr></table>

# ADDITIONAL PERFORMANCE STUDIES

Please refer to the previously FDA cleared 510(k) K120413 for additional information.