Re: K143651 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct, Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. nucleic acid-based assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PGX, OOI Dated: December 22, 2014 Received: December 23, 2014

Dear Ms. Young:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct and Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct   
The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler for the in vitro qualitative detection of Group A Streptococcus (GAS) from throat swabs collected from human patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. This test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of GAS infection. The assay is intended for use in hospital, reference, or state laboratory settings. The device is not intended for point-ofcare use. Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack   
Focus Diagnostics’ Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct. This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant

Focus Diagnostics, Inc. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No. Contact Person

2023365

Sharon Young tel 562.240.6680 fax 562.240.6529 syoung@focusdx.com

# Summary Date

March 17, 2015

Proprietary Name

Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack

# Generic Name

Group A Streptococcus nucleic acid

Classification Regulation Product Code

Class II   
21 CFR 866.2680   
PGX

Predicate Device

Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay k133883,

# Intended Use

Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct

The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler for the in vitro qualitative detection of Group A Streptococcus (GAS) from throat swabs collected from human patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. This test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of GAS infection. The assay is intended for use in hospital, reference, or state laboratory settings. The device is not intended for point-of-care use.

Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack

Focus Diagnostics’ Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct. This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# Device Description

The Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct assay system is a real-time PCR system that enables the direct amplification and qualitative detection of Group A Strep bacterial DNA from throat swabs that have not undergone a nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct assay, the 3M Integrated Cycler (with Integrated Cycler Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc (DAD) and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct assay, bi-functional fluorescent probe-primers are used together with corresponding reverse primers to amplify Group A Strep bacterial DNA and the Internal Control (DNA IC). The assay targets a conserved region of Group A Strep (pyrogenic exotoxin B gene) to identify this bacteria in the specimen. The DNA IC is used to detect PCR failure and/or inhibition.

Predicate Device Information   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyra™ Direct Strep AssayK133883</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ Group A Strep DirectThe Focus Diagnostics Simplexa ™ Group AStrep Direct assay is intended for use on the3M Integrated Cycler for the in vitroqualitative detection of Group AStreptococcus (GAS) from throat swabscollected from human patients with signs andsymptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat.This test is intended for use as an aid in thediagnosis of GAS infection. This test isintended for use as an aid in the diagnosis ofGAS infection. The assay is intended for usein hospital, reference, or state laboratorysettings. The device is not intended for point-of-care use.Simplexa ™ Group A Strep Positive ControlPackFocus Diagnostics&#x27; Simplexa ™ Group AStrep Positive Control Pack is intended to beused as a control with Simplexa ™M Group AStrep Direct. This control is not intended foruse with other assays or systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Lyra Direct Strep Assay is a Real-TimePCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitativedetection and differentiation of Group A β-hemolytic Streptococcus (Streptococcuspyogenes) and pyogenic Group C and G β-hemolytic Streptococcus nucleic acids isolatedfrom throat swab specimens obtained frompatients with signs and symptoms ofpharyngitis, such as a sore throat. The assaydoes not differentiate between pyogenic GroupsC and G β-hemolytic Streptococcus.All negative test results should be confirmed bybacterial culture, because negative results donot preclude Group A, C or G Strep infectionand should not be used as the sole basis fortreatment.The assay is intended for use in hospital,reference, or state laboratory settings. Thedevice is not intended for point-of-care use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A streptococcus - Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A streptococcus - Streptococcuspyogenes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat Swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtractionMethods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Self-contained and automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR-based system for detecting thepresence / absence of bacterial DNA inclinical specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR-based system for detecting the presence /absence of bacterial DNA in clinical specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionTechniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Singleplex assay using different reporter dyesfor each target.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triplex assay using different reporter dyes foreach target.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A StrepBaacterialTarget</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Well conserved region of the exotoxin B gene(speB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A - 99bp product in the putativecompetence (comX1.1) geneGroups C/G - 188bp product in the tagatose-6-phosphate kinase (lacC) gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3M Integrated Cycler</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABI 7500 Fast DX Thermocycler</td></tr></table>

# K143651

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct Catalog No. MOL2850 Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2860 March 17, 2015 Page 3 of 10   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyra™ Direct Strep AssayK133883</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity: 97.4% (152/156) (95% Cl: 93.6%to 99.0%)Specificity: 95.2% (1139/1196) (95% CI:93.9% to 96.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Sensitivity:96.5% (95% CI: 91.3% - 98.6%)GAS Specificity:98.0% (95% CI: 97.0% - 98.6%)Pyo GCS/GGS Sensitivity:95.7% (95% CI: 88.1% - 98.5%)Pyo GCS/GGS Specificity:98.3% (95% Cl: 97.4% - 98.9%)</td></tr></table>

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Three (3) investigative sites assessed the device's inter-site, inter-day and inter/intra-assay reproducibility. Each of the laboratories tested a panel of six (6) members that included contrived samples at low positive, (approximately $1 \times$ LoD) and moderately positive sample (approximately 3 X LoD) for M1 and M3 serotypes of Group A Streptococcus, a positive and negative control were also included in the panel. The assays were performed in triplicate (3) on five (5) different days. Each site had two (2) operators who each assayed the sample panel once (1) per day, for a total of two (2) sets of data per day. Combined results for all sites are presented in the tables below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SamplePanelMember</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Testing Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Testing Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Testing Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AG...</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%(89/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0 to99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl(PC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%0/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Strep MSerotypeLowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3030)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%227/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(29/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%4/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2 to96.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Strep M SrotypeModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% (28/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%(88/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3 to99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Strep M3SerotypeLowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(27/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(85/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6 to97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Strep M3SrotypeModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(27/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(87/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7 to98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.4% (179/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>92.2% (166/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.9% (178/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%(523/540)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0 to98.0%</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

The Limit of Detection (LoD) was determined for the Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct by performing a dilution series. The LoD samples used for the study were contrived using two (2) serotypes of Group A Streptococcus; M1 and M3 that were verified (re-grown and re-titered) bacterial stock. For each serotype, eight (8) different concentrations were spiked in simulated matrix from the verified bacterial stock material and confirmed using thirty two (32) replicates. The Limit of Detection (LoD) was determined to be the following;

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct  Limit of Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Strep Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (cfu/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2350</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY / CROSS REACTIVITY

# Analytical Reactivity

Analytical Reactivity was assessed for the ability of Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct to detect sixty (60) Group A Streptococcus strains not present in the LoD study. Analytical Reactivity was observed in testing of twenty one (21) strains. All were detected as positive for Group A Strep at or below 5000 cfu/mL. Analytical Reactivity was tested using in silico NCBI BLAST sequence analysis methods for thirty nine (39) GAS strains distinct from the wet tested strains.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenesSerotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (cfu/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Group A StrepDirect Qualitative Result% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# K143651

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenesSerotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (cfu/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Group A StrepDirect Qualitative Result% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 X 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)

Analytical reactivity was evaluated for the Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct by testing the ability to exclusively identify Group A Streptococcus with no cross reactivity to organisms that are closely related, or cause similar clinical symptoms, or present as normal flora in the pharynx. Negative specimens were spiked with potentially cross-reactive organisms at known concentrations. Spiked specimens were examined for reactivity with the Group A Strep Direct. Sixty four (64) organisms were tested. Bacteroides ovalis and Tremella fuciformis were not available for testing therefore data from In-Silico NCBI BLAST sequence analysis was performed. No cross reactivity was found

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross Reactant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simplexa™ Group A Strep DirectQualitative Results: %Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baseline1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baseline2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides ovatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter rectus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (CMV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis vanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus (B95-8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross Reactant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simplexa ™ Group A Strep DirectQualitative Results: %Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1 McIntyre</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-2 G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Hong Kong/8/68 H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Panama/45/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metapneumovirus-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 CCU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus micros</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B 9320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), ATCC300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis (MRSE), ATCC29887</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus constellatus subsp.constellatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus cristatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus equi subsp. zooepidemicus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus equinus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gallolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gordonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct Catalog No. MOL2850 Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2860 March 17, 2015 Page 6 of 10

# K143651

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Group A Strep DirectQualitative Results: %Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus oralis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus parasanguinis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sobrinus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus uberis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus vestibularis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treponema denticola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 spirochetes/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Veillonella parvula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cfu/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

# INTERFERENCE

The performance of Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct was evaluated with potentially interfering substances that may be present in pharynx. The potentially interfering substances were evaluated in a contrived sample that contained Group A Streptococcus at low positive concentrations (approximately $1 \times \mathsf { L o D } )$ and moderate positive concentrations (approximately 3 X LoD) of Group A Streptococcus serotypes M1 and M3. There was no evidence of interference caused by the substances at the concentrations tested.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferentConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS BacterialSerotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simplexa™ GroupA Strep DirectQualitative Result(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baseline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(5/5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baseline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(5/5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Afrin nasal Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OxymetazolineHydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Afrin nasal Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OxymetazolineHydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cephalexin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cephalexin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clindamycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(5/5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clindamycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1200 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferentConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS BacterialSerotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simplexa ™ GroupA Strep DirectQualitative Result(# Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benadryl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiphenhydramineHCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benadryl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiphenhydramineHCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloraseptic Sore ThroatSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloraseptic Sore ThroatSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contac Cold + Flu tablet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AcetaminophenChlorpheniramineMMaleatePhenylephrine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.2 mg/mL0.06 mg/mL0.16 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contac Cold + Flu tablet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AcetaminophenChlorpheniramineMMaleatePhenylephrine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.2 mg/mL0.06 mg/mL0.16 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mg/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crest CompleteToothpaste</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Fluoride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crest CompleteToothpaste</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Fluoride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finafta Oral Anesthetic /Analgesics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl AlcoholSalicylic AcidBenzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/10X dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finafta Oral Anesthetic /Analgesics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl AlcoholSalicylic AcidBenzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/10X dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listerine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EucalyptolMentholMethyl SalicylateThymol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listerine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EucalyptolMentholMethyl SalicylateThymol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified MucinProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified MucinProtein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neo-Synephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neo-Synephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferentConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS BacterialSerotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simplexa™ GroupA Strep DirectQualitative Result( Detected/Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nyquil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DextromethorphanHydrobromideDoxylamineSuccinate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/200 X dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nyquil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DextromethorphanHydrobromideDoxylamineSuccinate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/200 X dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pain Medication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSAID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pain Medication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSAID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pain Medication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tylenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pain Medication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tylenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin Cough / ChestCongestion Cough Syrup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DextromethorphanHBrGuaifenesin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin Cough / ChestCongestion Cough Syrup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DextromethorphanHBrGuaifenesin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline Nasal Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloridewith Preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline Nasal Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloridewith Preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Water, Electrolytes,Mucus, Etc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Water, Electrolytes,Mucus, Etc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GlycerinSodium SaccharinSodium BenzoateCetylpyridinumChorideBenzoic AcidBlue 1Yellow 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GlycerinSodium SaccharinSodium BenzoateCetylpyridinum ChlorideBenzoic AcidBlue 1Yellow 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL/swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sore Throat Lozenge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sore Throat Lozenge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sore Throat Lozenge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pectin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sore Throat Lozenge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pectin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(3/3)</td></tr></table>

# K143651

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct Catalog No. MOL2850   
Simplexa™ Group A Strep Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2860   
March 17, 2015   
Page 10 of 10

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS BacterialSeroype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GroupA Strep DirectQualitative Result(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sore Throat Lozenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc GluconateGlycine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sore Throat Lozenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc GluconateGlycine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thymol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thymol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thymol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thymol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Oral Mist</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zincum AceticumZincum Gluonicum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.625% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Oral Mist</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zincum AceticumZincum Gluonicum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.625% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL PROSPECTIVE STUDY

One thousand three hundred and ninety seven (1397) samples that were prospectively collected from four (4) geographically diverse sites between May 6, 2014 and October 28, 2014 from patients with signs and symptoms of Group A Strep infections of the pharynx. One thousand three hundred and fifty two (1352) samples were evaluable on Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct and the comparator culture method. Samples were tested on Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct at the collection sites and comparator culture method was performed at one (1) central laboratory. The invalid rate of the clinical prospective study using Simplexa™ Group A Strep Direct was $0 . 5 7 \%$ (eight out of one thousand three hundred and ninety six 8/1396 samples). Discrepant analysis was performed using a validated bidirectional sequencing assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Prospective Study: (Overall)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™Group A StrepDirect Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Culture Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1143</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1352</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%(152/156)95% CI: 93.6% to99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%(1139/1196)95% CI: 93.9% to96.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% PositivePredictive Value(PPV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.7%(152/209)95% CI: 66.3% to78.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Negative PredictiveValue (NPV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%(1139/1143)95% CI: 99.1% to99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>46/57 discrepant samples were Group A Strep Positive, 9/57 were &quot;Group A StrepNegative and 2/57 were Indeterminate when tested using a validated bidirectionalsequencing assay.b2/ 4 discrepant samples were Group A Strep Positive and 2/4 were Group A StrepNegative when tested using a validated bidirectional sequencing assay.</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical and clinical tests demonstrate the device is as safe and effective as the legally marketed device identified above.