BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY PAUL SWIFT   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANAGER 7 LOVETON CIR.   
SPARKS MD 21152

Re: K143648 Trade/Device Name: BD Max Enteric Parasite Panel, BD Max Instrument Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid based assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PCH, OOI Dated: July 30, 2015 Received: July 31, 2015

Dear Mr. Swift:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of August 25, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809 ); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809 ), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D. Ribhi Shaw Director Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K143648

Device Name BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel performed on the BD MAX™ System is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection of enteric parasitic pathogens. The BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel detects nucleic acids from:   
• Giardia lamblia   
• Cryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only)   
• Entamoeba histolytica

Testing is performed on unpreserved or $10 \%$ formalin-fixed stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The assay is intended to aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal infection when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other laboratory findings. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of specific targets. The test utilizes fluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes for detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Giardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium hominis and C. parvum, as well as Entamoeba histolytica infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decision. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel (EPP)

# Summary Preparation Date:

August 18, 2015

# Submitted by:

BD Diagnostic Systems Becton, Dickinson and Company 7 Loveton Circle Sparks, Maryland 21152

Contact:   
Paul Swift, RAC   
Regulatory Affairs Manager

Tel: 410-316-4905 Fax: 410-316-4188 Email: Paul_Swift@bd.com

# Proprietary Names:

For the instrument:

BD MAX™

For the assay:

BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel (EPP)

# Common Names:

For the instrument:

Bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation

For the assay:

Enteric Parasite Nucleic Acid Test   
Enteric Parasite identification and differentiation system   
Enteric assay   
Enteric test

# Regulatory Information

Regulation section:

866. 3990 - Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay

Classification:

Class II

Panel:

Microbiology (83)

Product Code(s):

PCH Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay System

Predicate Device FilmArray Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel Kit [K140407 (May 2, 2014)], BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

# Device Establishment

GeneOhm Sciences Canada, Inc. (BD Diagnostics)   
2555 Boul. du Parc-Technologique   
Quebec, QC G1P 4S5   
Canada

Registration Number: 3007420875

# Performance standards

No performance standards have been developed under Section 514 of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.

# Intended Use

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel performed on the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ System is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection of enteric parasitic pathogens. The BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel detects nucleic acids from:

Giardia lamblia   
Cryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only)   
Entamoeba histolytica

Testing is performed on unpreserved or $10 \%$ formalin-fixed stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The assay is intended to aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal infection when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other laboratory findings. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of specific targets. The test utilizes fluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes for detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Giardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium hominis and $C .$ . parvum, as well as Entamoeba histolytica infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decision. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or noninfectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

Special Conditions for Use Statement: For prescription use

Special Instrument Requirements: BD MAX™ System

# Device Description

The BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ System and the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel are comprised of an instrument with associated hardware and accessories, disposable microfluidic cartridges, master mixes, unitized reagent strips, extraction reagents, and sample buffer tubes. The instrument automates sample preparation including target lysis, DNA extraction and concentration, reagent rehydration, and target nucleic acid amplification and detection using real-time PCR. The assay includes a Sample Processing Control (SPC) that is present in the Extraction Tube. The SPC monitors DNA extraction steps, thermal cycling steps, reagent integrity and the presence of inhibitory substances. The BD MAX™ System software automatically interprets test results. A test result may be called as POS, NEG or UNR for each of the assay’s targets, based on the amplification status of the target and of the Sample Processing Control. IND (Indeterminate) or INC (Incomplete) results are due to BD MAX™ System failure.

# Test Principle

Stool specimens are collected from patients and transported to the laboratory either unpreserved in a clean container or $10 \%$ formalin-fixed. The specimen is vortexed and a $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ loop is inserted to the depth of the loop into the specimen, and expressed using a swirling motion into a BD MAX Sample Buffer Tube (SBT). The SBT is closed with a septum cap and then heated on the BD Pre-Warm Heater to facilitate

lysis of the parasite organisms. The SBT is then vortexed and transferred to the BD MAX System. Once the work list is generated and the clinical sample is loaded on the BD MAX instrument with a EPP Unitized Reagent Strip (URS) and PCR Cartridge, the run is started and no further operator intervention is required. The BD MAX System automates sample preparation, including target organism lysis, DNA extraction and concentration, reagent rehydration, target nucleic acid sequence amplification and detection using real-time PCR. The interpretation of the signal is performed automatically by the BD MAX System. The assay also includes a Sample Processing Control (SPC) that is provided in the Extraction Tube and subjected to extraction, concentration and amplification steps. The SPC is incorporated into the lysis, extraction, concentration and amplification steps to monitor for the presence of potential inhibitory substances as well as system or reagent failures.

Following enzymatic cell lysis at an elevated temperature, the released nucleic acids are captured on magnetic affinity beads. The beads, with the bound nucleic acids, are washed and the nucleic acids are eluted by heat and high $\mathrm { p H }$ in Elution Buffer. Eluted DNA is $\mathsf { p H }$ neutralized and transferred to the Master Mix Tube to rehydrate the PCR reagents. After rehydration, the BD MAX System dispenses a fixed volume of DNA eluent into the BD MAX PCR Cartridge. Microvalves in the BD MAX PCR Cartridge are sealed by the system prior to initiating PCR to contain the amplification mixture thus preventing heat evaporation and contamination. The amplified DNA targets are detected using hydrolysis (TaqMan®) probes, labeled at one end with a fluorescent reporter dye (fluorophore) and at the other end with a quencher moiety. Probes labeled with different fluorophores are used to detect amplicons for enteric parasite targets and the Sample Processing Control in four different optical channels of the BD MAX System: Giardia lamblia target amplicons are detected in the FAM channel, Cryptosporidium parvum/hominis target amplicons are detected in the ROX channel, Entamoeba histolytica target amplicons are detected in the VIC channel and Sample Processing Control amplicons are detected in the Cy5.5 channel.When the probes are in their native state, the fluorescence of the fluorophore is quenched due to its proximity to the quencher. However, in the presence of target DNA, the probes hybridize to their complementary sequences and are hydrolyzed by the $5 ' 3 '$ exonuclease activity of the DNA polymerase as it synthesizes the nascent strand along the DNA template. As a result, the fluorophores are separated from the quencher molecules and fluorescence is emitted. The BD MAX System monitors these signals at each cycle and interprets the data at the end of the program to report the final results.

# Substantial Equivalence1

Table 1 shows the similarities and differences between the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel and the predicate device.

Table 1: Comparison to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX Enteric ParasitePanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Gastrointestinal(GI) Panel Kit[K140407 (May 2, 2014)]BioFire Diagnostics, LLC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimentype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved and 10%formalin-fixed stool.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human stool samples collected inCary Blair transport media.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayFormat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: PCRDetection: fluorogenic target-specific hybridization.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nested multiplex RT-PCR followedby high resolution melting analysis to confirmidentity of amplified product.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretationof Test Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated (BD MAXSystem diagnostic software)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation andreport generation by the FilmArrayTM Instrument.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalysisPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArrayTM Instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by the BD MAXSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by the FilmArrayTMInstrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionProbes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaqMan® Probe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown - informationnot available publicly</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Processing Control(SPC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two controls are included in eachreagent pouch to control for sample processingand both stages ofPCR and melt analysis.</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance

# Precision

Within-laboratory precision was evaluated for the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel at one (1) site. The Precision panel consisted of 4 sample categories near the LoD. Each specimen contained negative stool matrix. Target strains were tested as follows:

For moderate positives (MP): overall correct percentage of approximately $100 \%$ with $9 5 \%$ CI For low positives (LP): overall correct percentage of approximately $9 5 \%$ with $9 5 \%$ CI For true negatives (TN): overall correct percentage of approximately $100 \%$ with $9 5 \%$ CI For high negatives (HN): overall correct percentage between 20 and $80 \%$

Testing was performed in triplicate, over 12 days, with 2 runs per day, by 2 different technologists.   
Precision study results are summarized below in Table 2.

Table 2: Within-laboratory Precision Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen/Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage Correct (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>High Negative (HN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G. lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Low Positive (LP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G. lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (MP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative (TN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

For the Site-to-Site reproducibility study, three (3) clinical sites were provided with a total of sixteen (16) panels, each consisting of 12 tubes. The panels used were the same as described under the Precision heading, above. Each site was asked to perform the study on eight (8) distinct days (consecutive or not), wherein each day, two (2) panels were tested, one (1) for each of two (2) technologists.

The overall Site-to-Site Reproducibility percent agreement was $100 \%$ for the TN and MP categories for all targets, and ranged from $3 8 . 2 \%$ to $4 8 . 6 \%$ and $9 7 . 2 \%$ to $9 8 . 6 \%$ for the HN and LP categories, respectively (Table 3). The qualitative and quantitative reproducibility across sites and by target is presented below in Tables 4 through 9. Ct.Score is an internal criterion used to determine final assay results and was selected as an additional means of assessing assay reproducibility. Overall mean Ct.Score values with variance components (SD and $\% C V$ ) are shown in Tables 5, 7 and 9.

Table 3: Site-to-Site Reproducibility Study Results using one lot of the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidiumparvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (144/144)(97.4%,,100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (144/144)(97.4%,100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%b (144/144)(97.4%,100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.6% (70/144)(40.6%, 56.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.2% (55/144)(30.7%, 46.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.2%b (68/144)(39.2%, 55.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (140/144)(93.1%, 98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (140/144)(93.1%, 98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6% (142/144)(95.1%, 99.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (144/144)(97.4%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (144/144)(97.4%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (144/144)(97.4%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

G. lamblia Site-to-Site Qualitative Reproducibility Across Sites with Pooled Days, Runs and Replicates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>SITE</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=5>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>CIN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>CLE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>BD NC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Incorrect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>48.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 5: G. lamblia Site-to-Site Quantitative Reproducibility Across Sites, Days, Runs and Within Run   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Ct.score</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run withinDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day withinSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr></table>

Table 6:

# C. parvum Site-to-Site Qualitative Reproducibility Across Sites with Pooled Days, Runs, and Replicates

Table 7: C. parvum Site-to-Site Quantitative Reproducibility Across Sites, Days, Runs and Within Run   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>SITE</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=5>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>CIN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>CLE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>BD NC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Incorrect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>38.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 8: E. histolytica Site-to-Site Qualitative Reproducibility Across Sites with Pooled Days, Runs and Replicates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Ct.score</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run withinDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day withinSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>SITE</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=5>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>CIN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>CLE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>BD NC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Incorrect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Incorrect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>47.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 9:   
E. histolytica Site-to-Site Quantitative Reproducibility Across Sites, Days, Runs and Within Run   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Ct.score</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run withinDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day withinSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr></table>

For the Lot-to-Lot reproducibility study, two users each completed a single run of 12 panel members on a single instrument for each of two lots of reagents over a 5-day period. The panels used were the same as described under the Precision heading, above. Results from 5 days of the accuracy and precision study were used to comprise data for one lot of reagents for the Lot-to-Lot study.

The overall Lot-to-Lot reproducibility percent agreement was $100 \%$ for the TN and MP categories for all targets, and ranged from $4 8 . 9 \%$ to $5 5 . 6 \%$ and $9 7 . 8 \%$ to $9 8 . 9 \%$ for the HN, and :LP categories, respectively (Table 10).

Table 10: Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility - Study Results using three lots of the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Correct</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Correct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowerCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UpperCI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>G. lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>C. parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>E. histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

\* HNs are dilutions of the LoD designed to produce results that are negative for $20 \%$ to $80 \%$ of replicates. As such, $\%$ Correct” correlates to the percent of negative results. $^ { \ast \ast }$ TNs were blanks, therefore, $\%$ Correct” correlates to the percent of negative results.

# Sample Storage

Collected specimens, either unpreserved or $10 \%$ formalin fixed stool, should be kept between $2 \ { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and 25 $^ \circ \mathrm { C }$ during transport. Protect against freezing or exposure to excessive heat.

Specimens, either unpreserved or $10 \%$ formalin fixed stool, can be stored for up to 120 hours (5 days) at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or for a maximum of 48 hours at $2 { - } 2 5 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ before testing.

Prior to or following pre-warm, inoculated Sample Buffer Tubes can be stored for testing (or retesting) for a total of up to:

<table><tr><td>Time</td><td>Temperature</td></tr><tr><td>120 hours (5 days)</td><td>2 - 8 </td></tr><tr><td>48 hours</td><td>2 - 25 °C</td></tr></table>

# Controls

External Control materials are not provided by BD; however, Quality Control strains and procedures are included in the package insert. Various types of External Controls are recommended to allow the user to select the most appropriate for their laboratory quality control program:

− Commercially available positive control materials − Giardia intestinalis (Lambl) (ATCC 3088D) − Cryptosporidium parvum (ATCC PRA-67D) − Entamoeba histolytica (ATCC 30459D) External negative control − Use a non-inoculated BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel SB

The assay includes a Specimen Processing Control (SPC) that is present in the Extraction Tube. The SPC monitors DNA extraction steps, thermal cycling steps, reagent integrity and the presence of inhibitory substances.

# Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity (Limit of Detection or LoD) for the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel was determined for each assay target individually. Purified organisms were used to prepare targets that were inoculated into the Sample Buffer Tube along with pooled negative stool matrix (both unpreserved and $10 \%$ formalin fixed were evaluated, separately). The pooled negative stool matrix was created from stool specimens obtained from patients that were characterized by the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. The organism concentrations were used to simulate positive samples with a wide range of organism loads. The LoD was determined for each organism tested with both unpreserved and $10 \%$ formalin fixed targetnegative stool matrix. The results from the LoD study can be found below in Table 11.

Table 11: BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel Target Limits of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved[95% Confidence Interval]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% formalin fixed[95% Confidence Interval]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cryptosporidium parvum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(organism/mL in SBT)[95% confidence interval]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160.17 [96.93  264.22]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154.25 [100.46  236.57]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(organism/mL in stool)[95% confidence interval]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24,026 [14,540  39,633]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92,550 [60,276  141,942]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Giardia lamblia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(organism/mL in SBT)[95% confidence interval]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.67 [5.69 - 15.66]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.04 [4.83 - 15.25]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(organism/mL in stool)[95% confidence interval]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,601 [854 - 2,349]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,024 [2,898 - 9,150]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Entamoeba histolytica</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(organism/mL in SBT)[95% confidence interval]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.79 [11.97  23.42]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.52 [10.99  21.76]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(organism/mL in stool)[95% confidence interval]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,519 [1,796  3,570]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,300 [6,600  13,080]</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Inclusivity

The objective of this study was to demonstrate that the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel is able to detect clinically relevant and geographically diverse serovars/strains/ subspecies for each of the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel targets found in various geographical origins. The study was designed to validate the functional performance of the BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panel by verifying the specificity of the assay’s primers and probes for the targeted bacterial enteric analytes.

In total, eleven (11) distinct strains/isolates of whole organisms of Giardia lamblia/intestinalis, ten (10) distinct strains/isolates of whole organisms of Entamoeba histolytica and one (1) strain of Cryptosporidium hominis whole organism were screened with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel at 2X the point estimate of the $9 5 \%$ LoD (Table 12). One genomic DNA preparation, representative of each BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel target, was screened at 2X LoD (Table 13).

Due to the lack of availability of Cryptosporidium parvum/hominis organisms, commercially available genomic DNA libraries, prepared from nine (9) distinct Cryptosporidium parvum strains/isolates, were also evaluated as supplementary information.

An additional study was performed for Cryptosporidium due to the lack of commercially available organisms. DNA extracts from thirteen (13) clinical stool specimens with known Cryptosporidium spp. infection status, were obtained (Table 14). Because it is not possible to discriminate human or other DNA from parasite DNA by spectrophotometry, quantification of the DNA extracts was not performed. Instead, Sample Buffer Tubes were spiked with $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of negative, pooled stool matrix and with $5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the clinical specimen DNA extract, in duplicate.

Table 12: Inclusivity Organisms   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRA-242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRA-358</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRA-244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRA-247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30890</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRA-249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30889</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30458</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30459</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRA-357</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50738</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50584</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50541</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50585</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502 (Tufts)</td></tr></table>

Table 13: Target Genomic DNA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genomic DNAATCC ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRA-67D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30888D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30459D</td></tr></table>

Table 14: Clinical Specimen DNA Extracts: Cryptosporidium spp. Positive   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IbA10G2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IbA10G2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IbA10G2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IbA10G2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IbA10G2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IeA11G3T3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IbA10G2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium ubiquitum*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

The BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel was performed on samples containing phylogenetically related species and other organisms (bacteria, viruses, parasites and yeast) likely to be found in stool specimens. Potentially cross-reacting organisms are summarized in Tables 15 – 17.

Six (6) out of 6 Entamoeba spp. (Entamoeba species other than $E$ . histolytica) produced negative results with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. The organisms were tested directly from stock at a 1:10 dilution to obtain the highest possible concentration in the Sample Buffer Tube, with concentrations ranging from $4 . 0 0 \mathrm { { x } } 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ organisms $/ \mathrm { m L }$ to $2 . 9 0 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ organisms/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube. E. barretti (ATCC 30996) was provided as non-titered stock.   
One (1) out of 1 Cryptosporidium meleagridis strain tested at a concentration $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cycts/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube, produced positive results with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. Cryptosporidium meleagridis has been documented in symptomatic human infection.   
One hundred thirteen (113) out of 113 bacterial strains, tested at a concentration $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ in the Sample Buffer Tube, produced negative results with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. Fifteen (15) out of 15 viruses, produced negative results with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. Thirteen (13) were tested directly from stock at a 1:10 dilution to obtain the highest possible concentration in the Sample Buffer Tube, with concentrations ranging from $\overline { { 1 } } . 6 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ $\mathrm { \dot { T } C I D } _ { 5 0 } - 8 . 9 8 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 . }$ Human Papillomavirus was tested as plasmid in Escherichia coli and Rotavirus was tested as a high titer qualitative standard.   
Five (5) out of 5 phylogenetically unrelated parasites, tested at a concentration $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$   
organisms/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube, produced negative results with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel.   
Two (2) out of 2 Candida spp. tested at a concentration $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ organisms/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube, produced negative results with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel.   
Three (3) enteric organisms representing each target of the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel were tested, with results as follows:   
$\bigcirc$ One (1) of 1 Cryptosporidium spp.; Cryptosporidium parvum tested at a concentration $\geq$ $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cycts/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube, produced positive results for Cryptosporidium and negative results for all other targets with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel.

o One (1) of 1 Giardia spp.; Giardia lamblia tested at a concentration $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cycts/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube, produced positive results for Giardia and negative results for all other targets with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. o One (1) of 1 Entamoeba spp.; Entamoeba histolytica tested at a concentration $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cycts/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube, produced positive results for Entamoeba and negative results for all other targets with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel.

Table 15: Potential Cross-Reactant Bacteria and Yeast   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abiotrophia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>defectiva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49176</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acinetobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19606</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Iwoffii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 17925</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49847</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alcaligenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>faecalis subsp. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 8750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anaerococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tetradius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35098</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arcobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>butzleri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49616</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arcobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cryaerophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43157</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49064</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bacteroides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>caccae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43185</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>merdae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stercoris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>adolescentis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15706</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>longum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15707</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Camplylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43134</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>concisus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 17580</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>curvus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 47528</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fetus subsp. fetus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27374</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fetus subsp. venerealis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19438</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gracilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-381</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43429</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lari</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43675</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rectus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33238</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>upsaliensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49815</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 24433</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>catenulate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 18821</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cedecea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>davisae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33431</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-879</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Citrobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>amalonaticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25405</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fruendii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33128</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27156</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sedlakii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Clostridium</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 17858</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43598</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 8864- ATCC 9689</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43593</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10543</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collinsella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aerofaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35085</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33030</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desulfovibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>piger</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29098</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edwardsiella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tarda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15947</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eggerthella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lenta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25559</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Enterobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13048</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cloacaeb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35030</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Enterococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>casseliflavus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49605</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cecorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43198</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51266</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29212</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gallinarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49573</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hirae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49612</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>raff inosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Escherichia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25922</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cli 157 stx 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD RD012313-01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>coli O157 stx 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD RD092612-01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Escherichia</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 8739</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10536</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33605</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fergusonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35469</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hermannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vulneris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33821</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>varium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27725</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardnerella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14019</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gemella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>morbillorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27824</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hafnia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>alvei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 11604</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Helicobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fennelliae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35683</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pylori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43504</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Klebsiella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33495</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactobacillus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 4355</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>reuteri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23272</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactococcus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15346</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49032</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leminorella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>grimontii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Listeria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>grayi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>innocua</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33090</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25830</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptoniphilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>asaccharolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14963</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14029</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porphyromonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>asaccharolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25845</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Proteus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29906</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>penneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35198</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13315</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Providencia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>alcalifaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27971</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rettgeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29944</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33672</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pseudomonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27853</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fluorescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13525</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ruminococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bromii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27255</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>typhimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>enteriditis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13076</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serratia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>liquefaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35551</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13880</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD ENF 7142</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700930</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Staphylococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25923</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>maltophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13637</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Streptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43078</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27335</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>uberis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19436</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trabulsiella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>guamensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49490</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Veillonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>parvula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10790</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD ENF 13503</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 17802</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Yersinia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bercovieri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43970</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9610</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rohdei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43380</td></tr></table>

Table 16: Potential Cross-Reactant Viruses   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-680</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus type 14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus type 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-931</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus type 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-930</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackie A9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-186</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackie B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-687</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHV-5 Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-538</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus type 69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-785</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Papillomavirus Type 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 45113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Papillomavirus Type 18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 45152</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-539</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-734</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0810086CF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0810087CF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NATROTA</td></tr></table>

Table 171: Potential Cross-Reactant Parasites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parasite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50608</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encephalitozoon intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50651</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encephalitozoon hellum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50504</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encephalitozoon cuniculi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50602</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentatrichomonas hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30098</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba barretti</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC PRA-260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba gigivalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30927</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba invadens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba moshkovskii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30041</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamobea ranarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50389</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium meleagridis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1867</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

Twenty-two (22) biological and chemical substances occasionally used or found in stool specimens were evaluated for potential interference with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel near the LOD for each particular target. Included in this study was an Antibiotics Mixture, which consisted of a combination of 8 different antibiotics tested simultaneously, with each antibiotic at a concentration that may be excreted in a stool specimen. Three of the substances tested exhibited potential interference with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel (refer to Table 18). Vagisil cream demonstrated potential interference at concentrations greater than $9 \%$ in stool. Whole human blood demonstrated potential interference at concentrations greater than $2 5 \%$ in stool. Additional testing with grossly bloody clinical stool specimens showed potential interference in 1 out of a total of 12 specimens tested. Substances that demonstrated interference may result in potential unresolved, indeterminate or false negative results.

Table 18: Endogenous and Commercial Exogenous Substances Tested with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name or Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name or Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal Fat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spermicidal Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diaper Rash Cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vagisil (&gt;9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Human Blood (&gt;25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laxatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone Cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Diarrheal (liquid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiseptic Towelettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Diarrheal (pill)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enema</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotics Mixture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemorrhoidal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin Cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory (NSAID)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% Buffered Formalin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical Antibiotic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% Buffered Formalin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grossly Bloody Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr></table>

I: Interference with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. NI: No reportable interference with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel.

# Carryover/Cross-Contamination

A study was conducted to investigate within-run carryover and between-run carryover while processing specimens with a high load of Giardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium parvum and Entamoeba histolytica in the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. A panel made of one high positive member containing the three target organisms and one negative member was used to prepare numerous samples. Isolates of Giardia lamblia, Entamoeba histolytica and Cryptosporidium parvum were used for the high positive panel member ( $\mathrm { ~ I ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cysts/trophozoites per mL). The negative member did not contain any target analyte. Twelve (12) replicates of the high positive panel member and 12 replicates of the negative panel member were tested in each run by alternating negative and positive samples. Two (2) operators performed a total of 15 runs with each run containing 24 samples.

Carryover contamination was assessed for each target in the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. A total of 180 Sample Buffer Tubes, each containing the 3 BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel targets, were assessed in the carryover contamination study. All of the 180 spiked Sample Buffer Tubes produced the expected positive results for all 3 target organisms. A total of 180 Sample Buffer Tubes, each negative for all 3 BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel targets, were also assessed in the carryover contamination study. One hundred and seventy-eight (178) of the 180 spiked Sample Buffer Tubes produced the expected negative results for all 3 target organisms. One expected negative result was positive for Giardia lamblia and the second was positive for both Giardia lamblia and Entamoeba histolytica in a single Sample Buffer Tube.

# Mixed Infection/Competitive Interference

The mixed infection/competitive interference study was designed to evaluate the ability of the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel to detect low positive results in the presence of other targets at high concentrations. Four (4) organisms (Giardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium parvum and two preparations of Entamoeba histolytica) were individually prepared at 2X their respective LOD to serve as a low target in the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel Sample Buffer Tube. A high target mix comprised of the organisms representative of the other two BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel analytes at a concentration o $\mathrm { f } > 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ organisms/mL in the Sample Buffer Tube was spiked into the Sample Buffer Tube along with $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of unpreserved stool and tested to simulate mixed infections. The second target mix for Entamoeba histolytica also contained Entamoeba dispar prepared in the same manner as just described. All four low target organisms were successfully detected by the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel when combined with their respective simulated high target concentration mixed infection preparations.

# Clinical Performance Studies

A clinical study was designed to assess the performance of the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel for the identification of Giardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium parvum/hominis and Entamoeba histolytica, from unpreserved or $10 \%$ formalin-fixed stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis, enteritis and/or colitis. This multicenter study evaluated results obtained with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel compared to those obtained with the reference method. Clinical centers were employed to collect and test patient specimens; whereas collection centers were employed to collect patient specimens, with the reference method and EPP testing being performed off-site.

The study involved a total of five (5) clinical sites where specimens were collected as part of routine patient care, enrolled into the trial, and tested on the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel as well as seven (7) collection sites. Only excess, de-identified patient specimens were used. Additionally, an internal site was involved as a clinical center to perform BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel testing on specimens supplied by collection centers. Samples tested at BD were obtained from all collection sites. Specimens collected at the sites consisted of a mix of $10 \%$ formalin-fixed and unpreserved specimens as well as a mix of prospective and retrospective specimens.

Clinical centers were selected for the clinical study based on a number of criteria, such as investigator and site personnel availability, number of specimens of interest tested for each target, prevalence, and familiarity with PCR methodology. The clinical centers were also selected according to the specimen types that they routinely collect.

A total of 2204 prospective specimens $1 1 2 8 ~ 1 0 \%$ formalin-fixed, 1058 unpreserved and 18 noncompliant) and 411 retrospective specimens $148 1 0 \%$ formalin-fixed, 251 unpreserved and 12 noncompliant) were enrolled in the clinical evaluation. Table 19 describes the number of compliant specimens enrolled by patient age and specimen type. A total of 128 retrospective specimens were not included in the performance calculations below as the historical results were not confirmed by an alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing.

Table 19: Compliant clinical trial enrollment summary by age group and specimen type   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 month to 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-18 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>782</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1505</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1273</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2495</td></tr></table>

For the $10 \%$ formalin fixed specimen type, the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel identified $9 5 . 5 \%$ and $9 9 . 7 \%$ of the Giardia lamblia prospective positive and negative specimens, respectively, and $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively. For the unpreserved specimen type, the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel identified $9 4 . 4 \%$ and $100 \%$ of the Giardia lamblia prospective positive and negative specimens, respectively, and $9 8 . 6 \%$ and $9 4 . 9 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 20).

Table 20: Giardia lamblia – Clinical Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenOOrigin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAXEntericarasitePanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RM</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>10% FormalinFixed</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SENSITIVITY (95% CI): 95.5% (78.2%, 99.2%)SPECIFICITY (95% CI): 99.7% (99.1%, 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA (95% CI): 100.0% (93.5%, 100.0%)NPA (95% CI): 100.0% (94.9%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>673</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SENSITIVITY (95% CI): 94.4% (74.2%, 99.0%)SPECIFICITY (95% CI): 100.0% (99.4%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA (95% CI): 98.6% (92.6%, 99.8%)NPA (95% CI): 94.9% (89.8%, 97.5%)</td></tr></table>

The alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing component of the reference method was negative for this specimen. The DFA component of the reference method was positive. Discrepant repeat testing with an alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing was performed and gave a negative result. Discrepant repeat testing with DFA was done and gave a negative result. Discrepant repeat testing with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel was performed in twelve (12) replicates and gave all negative results (0/12). The specimen was also tested using a Giardia antigen EIA as discrepant testing and gave a negative result.

2 One (1) specimen was tested using a Giardia antigen detecting EIA as discrepant testing and gave a negative result. Discrepant repeat testing with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel was performed in six (6) replicates of this specimen and gave $1 / 6$ positive result. No discrepant testing was performed for the other two (2) specimens.

3 The alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing component of the reference method was negative for this specimen. The DFA segment of the reference method was positive. Discrepant repeat testing with the alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing was performed and gave a negative result. Discrepant repeat testing with DFA was performed and gave a positive result. Discrepant repeat testing with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel was performed in six (6) replicates and gave all negative results $( 0 / 6 )$ . This specimen was also tested using an antigen detecting EIA as discrepant testing and gave a negative result.

5 One (1) specimen was tested using an antigen detecting EIA and a commercially-available molecular assay as discrepant testing and gave a positive result for both. Discrepant repeat testing with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel was performed in six (6) replicates of this specimen and gave all positive results $( 6 / 6 )$ .

6 One (1) specimen was tested using an EIA and a commercially-available molecular assay as discrepant testing. The EIA gave a positive result and the molecular assay gave a negative result. Discrepant repeat testing with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel was done in eleven (11) replicates of this specimen and gave 5 positive results (5/11). No discrepant testing was performed for the other five (5) specimens.

For the $10 \%$ formalin fixed specimen type, the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel identified $9 0 . 3 \%$ and $9 9 . 8 \%$ of the Cryptosporidium parvum/hominis prospective positive and negative specimens, respectively, and $9 3 \%$ and $100 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively. For the unpreserved specimen type, the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel identified $100 \%$ and $9 9 . 5 \%$ of the Cryptosporidium parvum/hominis prospective positive and negative specimens, respectively, and $9 7 . 7 \%$ and $9 8 . 4 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 21). Because DFA identifies Cryptosporidium to the genus level, DFA-positive specimens identified by bi-directional sequencing as other than $C .$ hominis or $C .$ . parvum were considered reference method negative.

Table 21: Cryptosporidium parvum/hominis – Clinical Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenOOrigin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAXTMEntericParasitePanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RM</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>10% FormalinFixed</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 }$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>957</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SENSITIVITY: 90.3% (80.5%, 95.5%)SPECIFICITY: 99.8% (99.2%, 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3\f5}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA: 93% (81.4%, 97.6%)NPA: 100% (95.3%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SENSITIVITY: 100% (90.1%, 100%)SPECIFICITY: 99.5% (98.6%, 99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA: 97.7% (88.2%, 99.6%)NPA: 98.4% (95.3%, 99.4%)</td></tr></table>

All six (6) specimens were positive by the DFA component of the composite reference method. One (1) specimen sequenced as $C$ . parvum, three (3) specimens were negative and two (2) were non-reportable by the alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing components of the composite reference method.

2 Discrepant repeat testing with the alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing was performed on all six (6) specimens. One (1) specimen sequenced as Cryptosporidium parvum, one (1) specimen sequenced as Cryptosporidium felis and the remaining four (4) were PCR negative by discrepant repeat testing. Discrepant testing was also performed using an antigen detecting EIA that does not distinguish between Cryptosporidium and Giardia. Two specimens were EIA negative and four specimens were EIA positive, of which two were positive for Giardia by other test methods.

3 One DFA-positive specimen was classified as reference method negative based on alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing results that identified Cryptosporidium meleagridis.

Six DFA-positive specimens were classified as reference method negative based on alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing results that identified (4) Cryptosporidium canis, (1) C. meleagridis and (1) Cryptosporidium spp. (undefined).

Discrepant repeat testing was performed with BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel in twelve (12) replicates per specimen. One specimen was positive for five (5) of twelve (12) replicates and one specimen was positive for two (2) of twelve (12) replicates.

6 Discrepant repeat testing was performed with BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel in six (6) replicates per specimen. One specimen was positive for five (5) of six (6) replicates and one specimen was positive for three (3) of six (6) replicates. A third specimen was negative in six (6) of six (6) replicates.

7 Discrepant repeat testing was performed with BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel in six (6) replicates per specimen. Two specimens were negative for six (6) of six (6) replicates.

For the $10 \%$ formalin fixed specimen type, the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel identified $100 \%$ of the Entamoeba histolytica negative specimens for both the prospective and retrospective specimens. There were no prospective or retrospective $10 \%$ formalin fixed Entamoeba histolytica positive specimens found during the clinical evaluation. For the unpreserved specimen type, the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel identified $100 \%$ Entamoeba histolytica prospective negative specimens and $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 22). There were no prospective unpreserved Entamoeba histolytica positive specimens found during the clinical evaluation.

Table 22: Entamoeba histolytica – Clinical Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenOrigin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAXEntericParasitePanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RM</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>10% FormalinFixed</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>827</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>827</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>827</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>827</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SENSITIVITY (95% CI): No data for calculationSPECIFICITY (95% CI): 100% (99.5%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA (95% CI): No data for calculationNPA (95% CI): 100% (93.4%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SENSITIVITY (95% CI): No data for calculationSPECIFICITY (95% CI): 100% (99.3%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA (95% CI): 100% (74.1%, 100%)NPA (95% CI): 100% (98.0%, 100%)</td></tr></table>

As Entamoeba histolytica is a rare analyte, both prospective and retrospective testing efforts were unable to demonstrate the positive percent agreement of the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. To supplement the prospective and retrospective data, an evaluation of contrived specimens was performed. Surrogate clinical specimens were prepared using residual specimens that had previously tested negative for all BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel targets. Specimens were spiked at clinically relevant levels at various concentrations of the limit of detection for each specimen type. Users analyzing the specimens were blinded as to the specimen status.

For both the $10 \%$ formalin fixed and unpreserved specimen types, the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel correctly identified $100 \%$ of both the positive and negative specimens. The contrived study results obtained with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel were compared to the expected results and are summarized in Table 23.

Table 23: Entamoeba histolytica – Contrived Specimen Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAXEnteric Parasite Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Expected Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Formalin 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA (95% CI): 100% (92.9%, 1,100%)NPA (95% CI): 100% (92.9%, 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA (95% CI): 100% (92.9%, 1, 100%)NPA (95% CI): 100% (92.9%, 100%)</td></tr></table>

Performance of the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel by Cryptosporidium hominis and Cryptosporidium parvum species identification as observed during the clinical trial is presented below in Table 24. The species identification was obtained from the alternate PCR and bi-directional sequencing segment of the composite reference method. While the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel is designed to detect the species described below, the panel does not report results to the species level.

Table 24: Cryptosporidium PPA per species observed during the clinical trial   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cryptosporidium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10% Formalin Fixed</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (17/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(81.6%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% (37/38)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86.5%, 99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0% (19/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(76.4%, 99.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3% (21/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(73.2%, 97.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (22/22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85.1%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (11/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(74.1%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2% (25/26)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(81.1%, 99.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (18/18) (82.4%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (18/18) (82.4%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

There were twenty-three (23) co-infections detected by the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel. Table 25 below shows the co-infections detected by the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel during the clinical trial.

Table 25: Co-infections observed during the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel clinical trial   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Co-Infections</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofCo-InfectionsObserved</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofDiscrepantCo-Infections</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Discrepant Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>UnavailableReference MethodResult for Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidiumparvum/hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidiumhominis/parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Cryptosporidiumparvum/hominis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidiumparvum/hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidiumparvum/hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Giardia lamblia and4 Cryptosporidiumparvum/hominis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahiistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Giardia lamblia and3 Entamoeba histolytica</td></tr></table>

1 All four (4) are retrospective specimens with unconfirmed historical results.

Of the 2226 specimens initially evaluated with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel, $1 . 5 \%$ of the $10 \%$ formalin fixed and $4 . 7 \%$ of the unpreserved specimens were initially reported as Unresolved. Following a valid repeat test, $0 \%$ of the $10 \%$ formalin fixed and $1 . 2 \%$ of the unpreserved specimens remained Unresolved. The total numbers provided in Table 26 are based on compliant specimens and BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel results.

Table 26: Unresolved Rates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Initial Unresolved Rate with95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Final Unresolved Rate with Valid Repeatwith 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenOrigin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% (16/1084)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.9%, 2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/1084)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4% (2/146)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.4%, 4.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/146)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 2.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6% (42/752)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4.2%, 7.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% (11/747)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.8%, 2.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0% (5/244)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.9%, 4.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% (1/244)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.1%, 2.3%)</td></tr></table>

Of the 2226 specimens initially evaluated with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel, $0 . 3 \%$ of the $10 \%$ formalin fixed and $0 . 1 \%$ of the unpreserved specimens were initially reported as Indeterminate. Following a valid repeat test, $0 \%$ of both the $10 \%$ formalin fixed and the unpreserved specimens remained Indeterminate. The total numbers provided in Table 27 are based on compliant specimens and BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel results.

Table 27: Indeterminate Rates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Initial Indeterminate Rate with95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Final Indeterminate Rate with ValidRepeat with 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenOrigin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin 10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% (4/1084)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.1%, 0.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/1084)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/146)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 2.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/146)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 2.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (1/752)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/747)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/244)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 1.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/244)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 1.5%)</td></tr></table>

Of the 2226 specimens initially evaluated with the BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel, $0 . 6 \%$ of the $10 \%$ formalin fixed and $0 . 4 \%$ of the unpreserved specimens were initially reported as Incomplete. Following a valid repeat test, $0 \%$ of both the $10 \%$ formalin fixed and the unpreserved specimens remained Incomplete. The total numbers provided in Table 28 are based on compliant specimens and BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel results.

Table 28: Incomplete Rates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Initial Incomplete Rate with95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Final Incomplete Rate withValid Repeat with 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenOrigin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6% (6/1084)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.3%, 1.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/1084)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7% (1/146)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.1%, 3.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/146)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 2.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/752)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/747)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 0.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6% (4/244)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.6%, 4.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/244)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.0%, 1.5%)</td></tr></table>