DIASORIN INCORPORATED JOHN C. WALTER   
PRESIDENT   
1951 NORTHWESTERN AVE. STILLWATER, MN 55082

Re: K150375 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON® VZV IgG and LIAISON® Control VZV IgG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3900 Regulation Name: Varicella-zoster virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFY, JJX Dated: February 12, 2015 Received: February 13, 2015

Dear Mr. Walter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Stephen J. Lovell -S for

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K150375

Device Name LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VZV IgG LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Control VZV IgG

The DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VZV IgG uses chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Analyzer family for the qualitative detection of specific IgG antibodies to varicella-zoster virus (VZV) in human serum. This assay can be used as an aid in the determination of previous infection of varicella-zoster virus.

The assay performance in detecting antibodies to VZV in individuals vaccinated with the FDA-licensed VZV vaccine is unknown. The user of this assay is responsible for establishing the performance characteristics with VZV vaccinated individuals.

The DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Control VZV IgG (negative and positive) is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VZV IgG assay on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Analyzer family. The performance characteristics of the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Control VZV IgG have not been established for any other assays or instrument platforms different from LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ and LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

Sandra Zimniewicz   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Email: sandra.zimniewicz@diasorin.com

DATE PREPARED:

February 12, 2015

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® VZV IgG LIAISON® Control VZV IgG

Common Names/Description: VZV IgG Assay and VZV IgG Controls

Classification:

Varicella-zoster virus Serological Reagents: 21 CFR 866.3900; Class II (performance standards); Microbiology (83)

Product Code:

LFY, JJX

PREDICATE DEVICE:

LIAISON® VZV IgG (k061820)

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The LIAISON® VZV IgG is an indirect chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) for qualitative determination of specific IgG antibodies to varicella-zoster virus in human serum.

The LIAISON® Control VZV IgG are liquid ready-to-use controls based in human serum. The negative control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of negative patient specimens and the positive control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of positive patient specimens.

The assay and controls are designed for use with DiaSorin LIAISON® Analyzer family.

# INTENDED USE:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgG uses chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON® Analyzer family for the qualitative detection of specific IgG antibodies to varicella-zoster (VZV) in human serum. This assay can be used as an aid in the determination of previous infection of varicella-zoster virus.

The assay performance in detecting antibodies to VZV in individuals vaccinated with the FDA-licensed VZV vaccine is unknown. The user of this assay is responsible for establishing the performance characteristics with VZV vaccinated individuals.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® Control VZV IgG (negative and positive) is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the DiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgG assay on the LIAISON® Analyzer family. The performance characteristics of the LIAISON® Control VZV IgG have not been established for any other assay or instrument platforms different from LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.

COMPARISON TO THE PREDICATE (Description of the Modifications to the Legally Marketed Device):

Modifications to the DiaSorin $\mathsf { L } | \mathsf { A } | \mathsf { S } \mathsf { O N } ^ { \circledast }$ VZV IgG assay include an increase in the number of tests provided per kit, extension of on board/open use and calibration stability, the addition of serum specimen stability claim for 5 freeze-thaw cycles and the extension of refrigerated storage $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ for serum specimens from two (2) days to seven (7) days.

Changes to the DiaSorin LIAISON® Control VZV IgG include a $100 \%$ serum/defibrinated plasma based matrix and the extension of the open use stability claim.

The following tables provide a summary of the similarities and differences between the FDA cleared LIAISON® VZV IgG, LIAISON® Control VZV IgG and the modified devices.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table of Similarities LIAISON® VZV IgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device DiaSorinLIAISON® VZV IgG k061820,cleared 02/26/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgG useschemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA)technology on the LIAISON® Analyzer family for thequalitative detection of specific IgG antibodies tovaricella-zoster virus (VZV) in human serum. Thisassay can be used as an aid in the determinationof previous infection of varicella-zoster virus.The assay performance in detecting antibodies toVZV in individuals vaccinated with the FDAlicensed VZV vaccine is unknown. The user of thisassay is responsible for establishing theperformance characteristics with VZV vaccinatedindividuals.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology/Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Immunoassay (CLIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling/AssayProcessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent IntegralConfiguration(1 compartmenteach reagent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic particlesCalibrator 1Calibrator 2Specimen Diluent• Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Raw materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Change• Antigen: Inactivated varicella-zoster viruslysate (ROD strain)Detector: Mouse monoclonal anti-humanIgG conjugated to isoluminol derivativeCapture: Magnetic microparticles coatedwith varicella-zoster antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReagentFormulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Change</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ManufacturingProcess</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Change</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8°C until ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgG antibodies to Varicella-zoster virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Dispense calibrators, controls, or samplesDispense magnetic particlesDispense specimen diluentIncubateWashDispense conjugateIncubateWashDispense starter reagent•  Measure Light emitted (RLUs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total IncubationTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photomultiplier (flash chemiluminescence reader)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two point verification of stored master curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Index Value</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-Off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 Index Value</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivocal Zone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135 - 165 Index Value</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included with kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Change</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided Separately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table of Differences LIAISON®VZV IgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device DiaSorinLIAISON® VZV IgG k061820,cleared 02/26/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tests per Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent VolumeProvided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic particles (1.3ml)Conjugate (13ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnetic particles (2.5 ml)Conjugate (23ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Use/OnBoard Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four (4) weeks at 2-8°C or on board theanalyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eight (8) weeks at 2-8°C or onboardthe analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fourteen (14) days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eight (8) weeks</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Storage at2-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two (2) days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Seven (7) days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum StorageFreeze-ThawCycles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples should not be repeatedly frozenand thawed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Twelve samples with different reactivityunderwent five (5) freeze-thaw cycles.The results showed no significantdifferences.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary of Similarities and Differences LIAISON  Control VZV IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® Control VZV IgGk061820, cleared 02/26/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® Control VZV IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LIAISON® VZV IgG controls(negative, positive controls) are used formonitoring substantial reagent failure ofthe LIAISON® VZV IgG chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CLIA). The LIAISON® VZVIgG quality control material contains a 5%serum matrix and may not adequatelycontrol the DiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgGassay for serum specimens. Theperformance of the LIAISON® VZV IgGcontrols has not been established withany other VZV assay or instrumentplatforms different from LIAISON® andLIAISON® XL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiaSorin LIAISON® Control VZVIgG (negative and positive) is intendedfor use as assayed quality controlsamples to monitor the performance ofthe DiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgG assayon the LIAISON® Analyzer family. Theperformance characteristics of theLIAISON® VZV Control IgG have notbeen established for any other assayor instrument platforms different fromLIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human Serum/plasma non-reactivefor VZV IgG antibodies, stabilized inTRIS-NaCI buffer, preservatives.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum/plasma non-reactive forVZV IgG antibodies, 0.2% ProClin.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human Serum/plasma reactive forVZV IgG antibodies, stabilized in TRIS-NaCl buffer, preservatives, inert yellowdye.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum/plasma reactive forVZV IgG antibodies, 0.2% ProClin.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentConfiguration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials each level (negative and positive)0.7 mL/vial, ready to use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8°C until ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Use Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable for four(4) weeks when properly stored at 2-8°Cbetween uses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable foreight (8) weeks when properly storedat 2-8°C between uses.</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA:

Non-clinical verification and validation testing conducted with the LIAISON® VZV IgG and LIAISON® Control VZV IgG demonstrate that the modified devices met predetermined acceptance criteria, supporting equivalency of the modified device to the cleared device. Evidence is demonstrated through the following studies:

Real Time Stability testing conducted on the LIAISON® VZV IgG to support the following product claims:

Eight (8) weeks On-Board/Open Use Stability Eight (8) weeks Stability of Calibration

Real time stability testing on human serum specimens to support storage claims:

Seven (7) Days Refrigerated $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ • Five (5) Freeze-Thaw Cycles

Testing of the LIAISON® Control VZV IgG to validate and verify:

• Commutability between Samples and Controls (Matrix Effect)   
• Precison Equivalence between Samples and Controls o 20 Day Precison o 5 Day Precision   
• Control Value Assignment   
• Control Range Definition

Real Time Stability testing conducted on the LIAISON® Control VZV IgG to support the following product claims:

Shelf-life of 18 months at $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ Eight (8) weeks On-Board/Open Use Stability

Based on the findings from the validation and verification activities, the modifications to the LIAISON® VZV IgG and LIAISON® Control VZV IgG do not introduce any new risks to the performance of the device.

# CONCLUSION:

As summarized, the DiaSorin LIAISON® VZV IgG and LIAISON® Control VZV IgG, are substantially equivalent to the originally cleared devices. The changes to the device do not constitute new intended/indications for use, or changes to the fundamental scientific technology. Performance testing of the device demonstrates that the device functions as intended, meeting the requirements of design specifications. The device was determined to be substantially equivalent to the previously cleared device.

The material submitted in this Special 510(k) is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision. The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR 809.10.