Re: K150039 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan Dried Gram Positive MIC/combo Panels With Vancomycin $( 0 . 2 5 { - } 6 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LTT, JWY, LRG, LTW Dated: June 8, 2015 Received: June 9, 2015

Dear Ms. Popson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# for

Sally Hojvat, M.Sc., PhD .   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels with Vancomycin $( 0 . 2 5 - 6 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

The MicroScan $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel is used to determine quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive bacteria. After inoculation, panels are incubated for $1 6 - 2 0$ hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non-CO2 incubator, and read either visually or with MicroScan instrumentation, according to the Package Insert.

This particular submission is for the addition of the reformulated antimicrobial Vancomycin at concentrations of 0.25 to $6 4 ~ \mathrm { \mu g / m l }$ to the test panel.

The gram-positive organisms which may be used for Vancomycin susceptibility testing in this panel are:

Enterococci (e.g., Enterococcus faecalis)   
Staphylococci, including Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis (including heterogeneous methicillin  
resistant strains)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Device Manufacturer: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics   
Contact name: Shannon Popson, Regulatory Technical Specialist   
Phone: 916-374-3330   
Fax: 916-374-2119   
Date prepared: January 6, 2015   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels   
Trade Name: MicroScan® Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels with Vancomycin (0.25- $6 4 | | \mathsf { g } / | \mathsf { m } | \rangle$   
Intended Use: To determine antimicrobial agent susceptibility   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: LTT   
510(k) Notification: Antimicrobial agent - Vancomycin   
Predicate device: MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels – Ceftaroline (K123933)

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panels are designed for use in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-positive bacteria.

The antimicrobial susceptibility tests are miniaturizations of the broth dilution susceptibility test that have been diluted in broth and dehydrated. Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in broth to concentrations bridging the range of clinical interest. Panels are rehydrated with water after inoculation with a standardized suspension of the organism. After incubation in a non- $\mathsf { C O } _ { 2 }$ incubator for 16-20 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is read by determining the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth. For accurate detection of vancomycin resistance with enterococcus species, panels were incubated to 24 hours.

The proposed MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with an CLSI frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document ”Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA”, dated August 28, 2009. The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of the MicroScan Dried Gram-Positive MIC/Combo Panel with vancomycin.

The external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock Efficacy isolates and stock Challenge strains. Efficacy, Challenge and Reproducibility isolates were tested using all inoculation and reading methods. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed Dried Gram-Positive Panel by comparing its performance with a CLSI frozen Reference panel. Challenge strains were compared to a frozen Reference panel result collected as a matched pair. The Dried GramPositive Panel demonstrated acceptable performance with an overall Essential Agreement of $9 9 . 4 \%$ for vancomycin when compared with the frozen Reference panel.

Inoculum and instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated acceptable reproducibility and precision with vancomycin, regardless of which inoculum method (i.e., Turbidity and Prompt™), or instrument (autoSCAN $\circledast _ { - 4 }$ and WalkAway® ) was used.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for vancomycin.