QUIDEL CORPORATION   
RONALD H. LOLLAR   
SENIOR DIRECTOR, CLINICAL AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
2005 EAST STATE STREET, SUITE 100   
ATHENS, OH 45701

Re: K150868 Trade/Device Name: Solana™ Gas Assay, Solana™ Instrument Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. nucleic acid-based assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PGX Dated: March 31, 2015 Received: April 1, 2015

Dear Mr. Lollar:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of June 23, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Sally A. Hojvat -S

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k150868

Device Name Solana™ GAS Assay, Solana™ Instrument

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 – Corporate number   
740-589-3373 – Desk phone   
858-552-6451– Fax   
Ron.Lollar@quidel.com

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

March 31, 2015

A. 510(k) Number: K150868   
B. Purpose for Submission: To obtain substantial equivalence for the Solana™ GAS Assay when performed on the Solana™ instrument   
C. Measurand: DNase B (sdaB) sequence of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A Streptococcus)   
D. Type of Test: Helicase-dependent amplification (HDA)

# E. Applicant:

Quidel Corporation

F. Proprietary and Established Names:

Solana™ GAS Assay Solana™ instrument

G. Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PGX - Groups A,C and G Beta-HemolyticStreptococcusNucleic AcidAmplification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II (Non-exempt)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.2680 - Streptococcusspp. Nucleic Acid-Based Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology(83)</td></tr></table>

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended Use(s):

The Solana™ GAS Assay is a rapid in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus (Streptococcus pyogenes) nucleic acids isolated from throat swab specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. The Solana™ GAS Assay is intended for use only with the Solana™ instrument.

2. Indication(s) for Use: Same as intended Use

3. Special conditions for use statement(s):

For in vitro diagnostic use only For prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements:

Solana™ instrument

# I. Device Description:

The Solana™ GAS Assay amplifies and detects GAS DNA present in throat swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients.

The assay consists of two major steps: 1) specimen preparation, and 2) amplification and detection of target sequence specific to GAS using isothermal Helicase-Dependent Amplification (HDA) in the presence of target-specific fluorescence probe.

Patient specimen on a throat swab is transferred to a Lysis Tube and subjected to heattreatment at $9 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 5 minutes. The heat-treated sample is added to a Dilution Tube, and then transferred to a Reaction Tube. The Reaction Tube contains lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes. Once rehydrated with the diluted sample, the Reaction Tube is placed in Solana for amplification and detection of GAS-specific target sequence. In Solana, the target sequence is amplified by GAS specific primers and detected by a GAS specific fluorescence probe included in the Reaction Tube. A competitive process control (PRC) is included in the Lysis Tube to monitor sample processing, inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent failure or device failure. The PRC target is amplified by GAS specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. In addition, the target and PRC probes carry a ribonucleic acid. Upon annealing to GAS or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence probes are cleaved by RNaseH2 and the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana instrument will then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results via a printer.

# Materials Provided:

<table><tr><td colspan="2">48 Tests per Kit</td><td rowspan="2">Storage</td></tr><tr><td>Component</td><td>Quantity</td></tr><tr><td>Dilution Buffer</td><td>48 tubes/kit 0. 5 mL</td><td>2° to 8</td></tr><tr><td>Lysis Buffer</td><td>48 tubes/kit 0. 5 mL</td><td>2° to 8</td></tr><tr><td>Reaction Tubes</td><td>48 tubes/kit</td><td>2° to 8</td></tr></table>

# Materials required but not provided:

External controls for Group A Streptococcus (e.g. Quidel Molecular $\mathsf { A } + \mathsf { G }$ Streptococci Control Set #M111, which contains positive and negative controls, serves as an external processing and extraction control) • Sterile DNAse-free filter-blocked or positive displacement micropipettor tips • Micropipettor • Stopwatch or timer • Scissors or a blade • Micro tube tray • Heat block capable of $9 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ temperature • Solana Instrument • Thermometer

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Lyra™ Direct Strep

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K133883

3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana™ GAS Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay(k133883)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Solana™ GAS Assay is arapid in vitro diagnostic testfor the qualitative detectionof Group A β-hemolyticStreptococcus(Streptococcus pyogenes)nucleic acids isolated fromthroat swab specimensobtained from patients withsigns and symptoms ofpharyngitis, such as sorethroat. The Solana™ GAS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lyra Direct StrepAssay is a Real-Time PCRin vitro diagnostic test forthe qualitative detectionand differentiation ofGroup A β-hemolyticStreptococcus(Streptococcus pyogenes)and pyogenic Group Cand G β-hemolytic</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Solana™ GAS Assay</td><td>Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay (k133883)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Assay is intended for use only with the Solana™ instrument.</td><td>Streptococcus nucleic acids isolated from throat swab specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. The assay does not differentiate between pyogenic Groups C and G β- hemolytic Streptococcus. All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture, because negative results</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>do not preclude Group A, C or G Strep infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>The assay is intended for use in hospital, reference, or state laboratory settings. The device is not intended for point-of-care use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana™ GAS Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay(k133883)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Heat Lysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Technique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatically detectsfluorescence afterdissociation of fluorophorefrom quencher duringamplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 -70 minutes</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana™ GAS Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay(k133883)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA AmplificationTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicase-dependentamplification (HDA); self-contained</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real time polymerasechain reaction</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABI 7500 Fast DXThermocycler</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Sequence Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78 base pair (bp) sequenceS. pyogenes genome,resident in the DNase B(sdaB) gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS* - 99bp product inthe putative competence(comX1.1) genePyo GCS/GGS* - 188bpproduct in the tagatose-6-phosphate kinase (lacC)gene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2% (95% CI: 95.5-99.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS Sensitivity:96.5%[95% CI: 91.3% -</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6%]Pyo GCS/GGS Sensitivity:95.7%[95% CI: 88.1% -98.5%]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.1% (95% CI: 95.7-98.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS Specificity:98.0%[95% CI: 97.0% -98.6%]Pyo GCS/GGS Specificity:98.3%[95% CI: 97.4% -98.9%]</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Not applicable

# L. Test Principle:

Patient specimen on a throat swab is transferred to a Lysis Tube and subjected to heattreatment at $9 5 \mathrm { ^ \circ C }$ for 5 minutes. The heat-treated sample is added to a Dilution Tube, and then transferred to a Reaction Tube. The Reaction Tube contains lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes. Once rehydrated with the diluted sample, the Reaction Tube is placed in Solana for amplification and detection of GAS-specific target sequence. In Solana, the target sequence is amplified by GAS specific primers and detected by a GAS specific fluorescence probe included in the Reaction Tube. A competitive process control (PRC) is included in the Lysis Tube to monitor sample processing, inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent failure or device failure. The PRC target is amplified by GAS specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. In addition, the target and PRC probes carry a ribonucleic acid. Upon annealing to GAS or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence probes are cleaved by RNaseH2 and the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana instrument will then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results via a printer.

# M. Performance Characteristics:

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Reproducibility

In order to confirm the reproducibility of the Solana™ GAS Assay, a blinded and randomized study panel containing Streptococcus pyogenes negative and positive samples were tested at three test sites (one in-house laboratory and two clinical sites) with three (3) instruments. Each site tested a reproducibility panel and Assay Controls for five days in triplicate. Testing was done by two operators at each site. Each operator ran the panel once a day using one lot of Solana™ GAS Assay. A total of 540 specimens were tested (including controls). The Solana™ GAS Assay generated the following reproducible results in this study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>SITE</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Overall PercentPositive</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive/# tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive/# tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive/# tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54-74%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%-4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%-4%</td></tr></table>

The results suggest that there are no significant differences between different users using different instruments at different sites on different days.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable – This assay is qualitative.   
c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

# Traceability:

Not applicable. This assay is qualitative.

Specimen Stability:

A study was performed to determine the stability of samples collected in a number of routinely used swab systems: nylon flocked swabs in amies media, Rayon swab in amies media, polyester swab in amies media, Rayon swab in stuart media, polyester swab in stuart media, and Rayon in amies gel.

A freshly grown stock of GAS bacteria of known titer was used to spike the swabs listed above. The spiked samples were stored at $2 5 ^ { \circ } C \pm 2 ^ { \circ } C$ for 2 days and then at 2 to ${ 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ for up to 8 more days prior to being tested in the Solana™ GAS Assay. A separate study was performed where the spiked samples were stored at ${ \le } { - } 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ or $\le - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for a minimum of 32 days before testing.

Based on this study, specimens collected using various collection/transport systems listed above can be stored at $2 5 ^ { \circ } C \pm 2 ^ { \circ } C$ for 2 days and then at 2 to ${ } ^ { 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ for up to 8 more days before testing or at ${ \le } { - } 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ or $\le - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for up to 32 days before testing.

# Controls:

Controls (Quidel Molecular $\mathsf { A } + \mathsf { G }$ Streptococci Control Set #M111, which contains positive and negative controls, serves as an external processing and extraction control) were run on the Solana™ GAS Assay each day of testing. These controls are described as follows:

a. The process control is used to monitor sample processing, to detect HDA inhibitory specimens and to confirm the integrity of assay reagents and cassette detection. The process control is included in the Lysis Buffer tube.

b. The external positive control may be treated as a patient specimen. The control should be sampled and tested as if it were a swab specimen and processed as described in the Assay Procedure. The external positive control is intended to monitor substantial reagent and cassette failure.

c. The external negative control may be treated as a patient specimen. The control should be sampled and tested as if it were a swab specimen and processed as described in the Assay Procedure. The external negative control is used to detect reagent or environmental contamination (or carry-over) by GAS DNA or amplicon.

# d. Detection limit:

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Solana™ GAS Assay was determined using quantified $( C F U / \mathsf { m L } )$ cultures of two Streptococcus pyogenes strains by serial dilution. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

The GAS bacterial strains were freshly grown. The cell density of these bacterial suspensions was estimated using the $0 D _ { 6 0 0 }$ reading. After a cell suspension with $0 D _ { 6 0 0 }$ of 0.1 (0.5 McFarland units) were established, the bacteria were serially diluted in to densities ranging from $3 { \tt x }$ to $0 . 3 \times$ LoD levels based on preliminary studies.

Each test dilution was run as 20 replicates in the Solana™ assay and plated on 20 TSA $+ 5 \%$ blood plates. The study was performed in 5 experiments of 14 assays per strain. For each experiment, 4 replicates of each of the three bacterial dilutions were performed, along with a positive and a negative run control. All five experiments of the LoD study for each strain were completed within 8 hours. The stocks of cells were stored on ice or at $4 ^ { \circ } C$ when not in use.

The highest dilution where at least 19 of 20 replicates show detection of GAS $9 5 \%$ positivity) was assigned the Limit of Detection of the strain. The $\mathsf { C F U / m L }$ was calculated based on the average bacterial plate count of the dilution.

The LoD for the 2 Streptococcus pyogenes strains tested were $2 . 4 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ (ATCC #19615) and $6 . 8 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ (ATCC #12344). Based on this data the reported LoD for the Solana™ GAS Assay is $6 . 8 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ .

e. Analytical specificity:

Cross Reactivity:

An in silico BLAST analysis of primers used in the Solana™ GAS Assay against sixtyone (61) potential interfering organisms (see below) did not show evidence of crossreactivity.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arcanobacterium sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human adenovirus F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus sp.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human adenovirus G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides sp.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus HKU1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Branhamella sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Burkholderia sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human enterovirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter sp.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human enterovirus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human enterovirus C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human enterovirus D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human herpesvirus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacterio phage MS2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human herpesvirus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human herpesvirus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus Type B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human parainfluenza virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human parainfluenza virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human parainfluenza virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human adenovirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human parainfluenza virus4a and 4b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treponema sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human adenovirus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza virus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Veillonella sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human adenovirus C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza virus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia sp.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human adenovirus D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza virus C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella oralis4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human adenovirus E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parvimonas micra</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Veillonella parvula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the Solana™ GAS Assay in the presence of forty-six (46) other microorganisms commonly found in throat specimens. Each potentially interfering microorganism was tested in the presence of $_ { 2 \times }$ LoD Group A Streptococcus (2 strains) in the presence of clinically relevant levels of viruses $( 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { p f u } / \mathsf { m l } )$ and bacteria $( 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { c f u / m L ) }$ or higher. All strain combinations were spiked on to swabs. The strains included in the cross-reactivity study are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter Iwoffii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis MRSE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arcanobacterium haemolyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Burkholderia cepacia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diphtheria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus canis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp equisimilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus gordonii (Virdans type)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenza type A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mutans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus oralis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactococcus lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella jordanis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella micdadei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sanguinis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus suis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria subflava</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 11 (Slobitski)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus micros (aka Parvimonasmicra)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 4B (VR-1377)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus MRSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus Type 15 (1734)</td></tr></table>

None of the organisms or viruses tested above cross-reacts with the performance of the Solana™ GAS Assay.

# Interference:

A study was conducted using two strains of Streptococcus pyogenes (ATCC 19615 and 12344) tested near LoD to evaluate the Solana™ GAS Assay for potential interference using a panel consisting of twenty-eight (28) common biological and chemical substances found in throat samples. Substances were introduced into the assay dilution tubes at concentrations which were medically relevant. Each of the strains was tested for each substance. None of the substances tested were found to interfere with the Solana™ GAS Assay.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference?(Y/N)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Children's DimetappDM Cold &amp; CoughElixir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloraseptic Max:Sore Throat Relief</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathSavers 3 HourMint-Spearmint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepacol Sore Throat:Cherry Flavor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin Cough &amp;Cold-CF Max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ricola MountainHerb ThroatDrops-Sugar Free</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin NighttimeCold, &amp; Flu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crest Pro-HealthNight Mint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CVS Tussin CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloraseptic ThroatCherry lozenge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halls CherryMentholyptus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tic Tac Freshmints</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZicamOral Mist</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.625% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SucretsComplete-VaporCherry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.3 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.6 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benadryl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crest® CompleteToothpaste</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contac® Cold + FluCaplets Night</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Children's Wal-TapElixir Cold &amp; Allergy(Dimetap Children'sCold and Allergy)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Children's Wal-TapDM Elixir Cold &amp;Cough</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin NighttimeCough, Cold, &amp; Flu(peak cold)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halls Mentholyptus(not cherry flavor)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listerine Cool MintAntiseptic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin (BovineSubmaxillary Gland,type I-S)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity):

The reactivity of the Solana™ GAS Assay was evaluated against an additional seven (7) strains of Streptococcus pyogenes (GAS) at concentrations near the limit of detection (LoD) of the assay.

Each strain was tested as three replicates in the Solana™ GAS Assay. The study was performed in multiple experiments. For each experiment, three replicates of up to three strains were performed, along with a positive and a negative run control. All seven strains were detected by the Solana™ GAS Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationCFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain Detected(Yes/No)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCIMB13285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG33061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG33409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG39158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC49399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 53553</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

f. Assay cut-off: Not applicable.

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: Not applicable

b. Matrix comparison:

A comparison study was conducted between negative clinical matrix and the contrived negative matrices used in the analytical studies in order to validate their use. The matrix comparison study results are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived NegativeMatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pooled Negative ClinicalMatrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StreptococcuspyogenesATCC 19615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

These studies demonstrate that the contrived negative matrices do not alter the performance of the device in the context of these analytical studies.

3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity:

Performance characteristics of the Solana GAS Assay were established during a prospective study conducted December 2014 to February 2015. One thousand eighty-two (1082) fresh throat swab specimens from female and male patients were collected at four distinct geographical sites across the United States. A single specimen was collected per patient. Samples were collected on Polyester, Nylon or Rayon Swab with liquid Amies or Polyester Swab or Rayon with liquid Stuart’s. The swabs were inoculated by conventional streak-stab culture technique onto a trypticase soy agar plate containing $5 \%$ horse red blood cells. Testing with the Solana device was performed at the four external laboratories using the same swab that was plated for the culture. All residual specimen transport media from the samples was shipped daily (with cold packs) to a central location. The transport media was cultured using the same testing protocol as that employed by the clinical sites.

One thousand eighty-two (1082) fresh throat specimens were cultured for Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus and tested with the Solana GAS Assay. The specimens were cultured at the testing sites and the transport media was cultured at a central location. The specimen was considered positive if either the swab or the transport media was positive for $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus (Composite Culture) and typed as Lancefield group A by latex agglutination. The table below details the overall performance using composite culture results as a reference.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Performance Results of Solana GAS Assay for Group A β-hemolytic Streptococcus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Overall Performance (All Sites)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Solana GAS Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>837</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>857</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1081</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220/224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5% to 99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>833/857</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to 98.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>* Of the twenty-four (24) discordant specimens, sixteen (16) of these specimens werepositive for GAS when tested with an additional FDA-cleared molecular device, eight (8)were negative.** Of the four (4) discordant specimen, three (3) were negative when tested with anadditional FDA-cleared molecular device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 1 Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana® GAS Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3% to 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333/338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6 % to 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2 Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana® GAS Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69/70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3% to 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134/143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5 % to 96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3 Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana® GAS Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4 % to 98.6%</td></tr></table>

b. Clinical specificity: See Section 3a.   
c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not applicable

4. Clinical cut-off: Not applicable

5. Expected values:

The overall prevalence of Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus in patients tested during this study was $20 . 7 \%$ (224/1081) based on composite bacterial culture and $2 2 . 6 \%$ (244/1081) based on the Solana™ GAS Assay. All clinical specimens collected during this study were collected between December 2014 and February 2015.

# N. Other Supportive Instrument Performance Characteristics Data Not Covered In The “Performance Characteristics” Section above:

Instrument: Solana™ Instrument

# O. System Descriptions:

# 1. Modes of Operation:

The Solana instrument heats each reaction tube to $6 4 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . If present, the target sequence is amplified by GAS specific primers and detected by a GAS specific fluorescence probe included in the Reaction Tube. The target probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. In addition, the target probes carry a ribonucleic acid. Upon annealing to GAS amplicons, the fluorescence probes are cleaved by RNaseH2 and the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. The Solana instrument measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana instrument will then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results via a printer.

# 510(k) Summary

# 2. Software:

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and software development processes for this line of product types:

Yes X No

# P. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10, 21 CFR 801.109, and the special controls.