BIOMÉRIEUX INC  
KAREN RUSSELL  
STAFF REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST  
595 ANGLUM ROAD  
HAZELWOOD MO 63042

Re: K151817 Trade/Device Name: VITEK® 2 AST-YS Caspofungin $\leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mathrm { u g / m l }$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NGZ, LRG, LTT, LTW Dated: February 3, 2016 Received: February 5, 2016

Dear Ms. Russell:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.For Ribhi Sha Director Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K151817

Device Name   
VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 AST-YS Caspofungin   
$( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe) VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 AST-YS Caspofungin is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species and is intended for use with the VITEK $^ \mathrm { { . } \textcircled { R } }$ 2 and VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Caspofungin is a quantitative test. Caspofungin has been shown to be active against most isolates of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antifungal.

Active in vitro and clinical infections:   
Candida albicans   
Candida glabrata   
Candida guilliermondii   
Candida krusei   
Candida parapsilosis   
Candida tropicalis

The VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK $^ \mathrm { { . } } \textcircled { \mathrm { { R } } }$ 2 System for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp., S. pneumoniae, and clinically significant yeast.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# SECTION 8. 510(k) SUMMARY

510(k) SUMMARY VITEK®2 AST-YS Caspofungin

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: bioMérieux, Inc.

Address:

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person: Karen Russell Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Phone Number: 314-731-8639 Fax Number: 314-731-8689

Date of Preparation: July 2, 2015

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name: VITEK® 2 AST-YEAST Caspofungin

Classification Name: 21 CFR 866.1640 Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder

Product Code NGZ

Common Name: VITEK® 2 AST-YS Caspofungin

C. Predicate Device: VITEK $^ { \mathbb { R } } 2$ AST-YS Flucytosine (K133952)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST-YS Caspofungin is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species and is intended for use with the VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 and VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Caspofungin is a quantitative test. Caspofungin has been shown to be active against most isolates of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antifungal:

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Candida albicans   
Candida glabrata   
Candida guilliermondii

Candida krusei Candida parapsilosis Candida tropicalis

VITEK® 2 AST-YS Caspofungin Traditional 510(k) Submission The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp. and clinically significant yeast.

The antimicrobial presented in VITEK® 2 AST-YS Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in $\mathrm { m c g / m l } .$ . The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 0 . 5 0 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK® 2 Compact has a manual filling and sealing operation. The VITEK® 2 monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours). At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antimicrobial contained on the card.

VITEK® 2 AST-YS Caspofungin demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA. Issued August 28, 2009.

The Premarket Notification (510(k)) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-YS Caspofungin.

An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-YS Caspofungin by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 24 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact instrument platforms. VITEK® 2 AST-YS Caspofungin demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 9 . 7 \%$ overall essential Agreement and $9 9 . 8 \%$ overall category agreement for Candida species. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.