LUMINEX CORPORATION  
RONALD DUNN  
SENIOR DIRECTOR GLOBAL REGULATORY AFFAIRS12212 TECHNOLOGY BLVD.  
AUSTIN TX 78727

Re: K151906 Trade/Device Name: ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 886.3309 Regulation Name: Herpes virus nucleic acid-based cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion panel Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PGI, OOI Dated: July 10, 2015 Received: July 13, 2015

Dear Mr. Dunn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stephen J. Lovell -S for

Uwe Scherf, M. Sc., Ph. D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K151906

Device Name ARIES $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ HSV 1&2 Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The ARIES $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ HSV 1&2 Assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based qualitative in vitro   
diagnostic test for the direct detection and differentiation of Herpes Simplex Virus 1 and 2 (HSV 1 and HSV 2) DNA in cutaneous or mucocutaneous lesion specimens from symptomatic patients. The test is indicated for use as an aid in diagnosis of HSV infection in symptomatic patients. The ARIES $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ HSV 1&2 Assay is indicated for use on the ARIES $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ System.

WARNING: The ARIES $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ HSV 1&2 Assay is not FDA cleared for use with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The assay is not intended to be used for prenatal screening.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Luminex

# 510(k) Summary

This Executive Summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: K151906

Submission Type: Traditional 510(k), New Device

Measurand:   
Target DNA sequences from Herpes Simplex Virus type 1 (HSV-1) and Herpes Simplex Virus type 2   
(HSV-2)

Type of Test: Qualitative nucleic acid multiplex test

# Applicant:

Luminex Corporation 12212 Technology Blvd Suite 130 Austin, TX 78727

Proprietary and Established Names: ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay

Regulatory Information:

Regulatory Information   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PGI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3309— Herpes simplex virusnucleic acid amplification assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology (83)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>00I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2570 Multiplex Instrument System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry (75)</td></tr></table>

# Device Components:

Device Components   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2 Assay Cassette Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2 Assay cassettes whichcontain the necessary reagents for sampleextraction, nucleic acid purification andamplification.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV1&amp;2 Assay Protocol File Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A USB thumb drive containing the ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2Assay Protocol File, ARIES HSV 1&amp;2 Assay ProtocolFile package insert and ARIES® System Quick Guide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An in vitro diagnostic (IVD) platform that performsnucleic acid based tests in clinical laboratories. TheLuminex ARIES® System is capable of automatedextraction and purification of nucleic acids frommultiple sample types as well as the automatedamplification and detection of target nucleic acidsequences by fluorescence-based PCR.</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use:

The ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection and differentiation of Herpes Simplex Virus 1 and 2 (HSV 1 and HSV 2) DNA in cutaneous or mucocutaneous lesion specimens from symptomatic patients. The test is indicated for use as an aid in diagnosis of HSV infection in symptomatic patients. The ARI ${ \mathsf { E S } } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay is indicated for use on the ARI $\mathsf { E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System

WARNING: The ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay is not FDA cleared for use with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The assay is not intended to be used for prenatal screening.

Indication(s) for use: Same as intended use.

Special instrument requirements: ARIES® System

# Device Description:

The Luminex ARIES® HSV 1 & 2 Kit is a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection and differentiation of herpes simplex virus (HSV) DNA using cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab specimens. Patient lesion swab specimens are

# Luminex

collected in Copan Universal Transport Medium, or identical Copan manufactured media formulations (Becton Dickinson Universal Viral Transport Media, Copan branded Universal Transport Medium for LabCorp, and the Quest Viral Culture Media) and transported to the laboratory. The specimen is pipetted into a cassette specific to the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay. In the cassette the specimen is lysed and nucleic acid is extracted using the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System and an extraction/ PCR cassette specific to the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Kit. An extractable sample processing control (SPC) target is present in the ARIES® HSV 1&2 assay cassette and is processed with the specimen. The Ct value of the SPC is designed to verify proper specimen lysis and nucleic acid extraction, to identify PCR inhibition, if any, and verify proper function of the extraction system and real-time instrument. The Tm value of the SPC is used as a reference for determining the target Tm.

The extracted nucleic acid is transferred via magnetic beads to the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1 & 2 Kit lyophilized PCR reagents in the cassette that contain a primer pair specific to HSV 1 and HSV 2 and a primer pair specific to the SPC sequence. The specific primer pairs are labeled with distinct fluorophore labels. PCR amplification is performed and assay fluorescence is monitored on the Luminex $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System. Incorporation of the quencher-labeled nucleotide causes a decrease in assay fluorescence. Following amplification, the reaction is slowly heated and fluorescence is monitored. The strands of the amplification products will separate at a specific melting temperature (Tm) that is determined by an increase in fluorescence as the strands are separated. The sequences between the PCR primer binding sites of the HSV 1 and HSV 2 amplicons have different base compositions that are distinguished by their different Tm. The instrument fluorescence output is analyzed and test results are determined using the ARIES® HSV 1 & 2 Kit assay protocol file. A printed results report is generated.

The Luminex $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay chemistry is based on an expanded genetic alphabet technology, consisting of synthetic DNA base pair $2 "$ -deoxy-5-methyl-isocytidine (iC): $2 "$ - deoxyisoguanosine (iG). The isobases ( iC and iG) pair specifically with each other and not with natural nucleotides. In addition isobases are efficiently incorporated during PCR. During PCR amplification, a quencher-modified iGTP is incorporated by the polymerase opposite an iC and a fluorophore reporter attached to a PCR primer. If the target is present and is amplified, assay fluorescence decreases with every cycle as amplification product accumulates. The decrease in assay fluorescence is monitored in real time using the Luminex $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ Instrument. Following PCR, the amplification products are thermally denatured and assay fluorescence is monitored. The strands of the amplification products are separated and assay fluorescence increases, thus enabling determination of the melting temperature (Tm) of the amplicon.

Substantial Equivalence Information:

a. Predicate device name(s): illumigene® HSV 1&2 DNA Amplification Assay (Meridian Bioscience, Inc.)

b. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K151046

# c. Comparison to Predicate:

The following tables compare ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay to illumigene® HSV 1&2 DNA Amplification Assay (K151046). The similarities and differences between the new device and the predicate are outlined in the tables below.

# Similarities between New Device and Predicate

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV 1 &amp; 2 Assay(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>illumigene HSV 1&amp;2 DNA AmplificationAssay(Predicate Device - K151046)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2 Assay is a real-timepolymerase chain reaction (PCR) basedqualitative in vitro diagnostic test for thedirect detection and differentiation ofHerpes Simplex Virus 1 and 2 (HSV 1 andHSV 2) DNA in cutaneous ormucocutaneous lesion specimens fromsymptomatic patients. The test isindicated for use as an aid in diagnosis ofHSV infection in symptomatic patients.The ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2 Assay is indicatedfor use on the ARIES® System.Warning: The ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2 Assay isnot FDA cleared for use withcerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The assay is notintended to be used for prenatalscreening.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The illumigene HSV 1&amp;2 DNA amplificationassay, performed on the illumipro-10™m, is aqualitative in vitro diagnostic test for thedirect detection and differentiation ofherpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) andherpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2) DNA incutaneous and mucocutaneous lesionspecimens from male and female patientssuspected of Herpetic infections.illumigene HSV 1&amp;2 utilizes loop-mediatedisothermal DNA amplification (LAMP)technology to detect HSV-1 and HSV-2 bytargeting segments of the herpes simplexvirus 1 and herpes simplex virus 2 genomes.Results from illumigene HSV 1&amp;2 are usedas an aid in the diagnosis of HSV infection insymptomatic patients.The assay is intended for use in hospital,reference or state laboratory settings. Thisdevice is not intended for nonlaboratorypoint-of-care use.Warning: illumigene HSV 1&amp;2 is not FDAcleared for use with cerebrospinal fluid(CSF) or to aid in the diagnosis of HSVinfections of the central nervous system(CNS). The device is not intended forprenatal screening.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male and female cutaneous andmucocutaneous lesion swab specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male and female cutaneous andmucocutaneous lesion swab specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA amplification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA amplification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection and differentiationof HSV-1 and HSV-2 DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection and differentiation ofHSV-1 and HSV-2 DNA</td></tr></table>

Differences between New Device and Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV 1 &amp; 2 Assay®(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>illumigene HSV 1&amp;2 DNA AmplificationAssay(Predicate Device - K151046)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sampleextraction andAmplificationInstrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated sample extraction; Real-timePCR amplification/detection using theRLuminex ARIES® System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual sample preparation; isothermalLoop Mediated Amplification (LAMP) usingthe illumipro-10™M.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pairs fluorescent-labeled primers withquencher labeled nucleotides. Measuresdecrease in assay fluorescence witheach PCR cycle.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visible Light Transmission (Turbidity).</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance:

# Limit of Detection

A Limit of Detection (LoD) study was performed to evaluate the analytical sensitivity of the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay using two representative reference strains of HSV-1 (MacIntyre and F) and two representative strains of HSV-2 (MS & G). Preliminary LoD concentrations were determined by performing a six point, five-fold dilution series, in Copan Universal Transport Media, of each quantified $( \mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } )$ strain. The observed LoD of a HSV strain was determined as the lowest concentration that had a positivity rate of $\geq 9 5 \%$ .

The LoD concentrations determined in the preliminary study were confirmed with the same HSV1 and HSV-2 reference strains diluted to the preliminary LoD concentrations and tested with twenty-four (24) replicates. The final LoD concentrations are presented in the table below.

Limit of Detection of the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maclntyre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.11E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24(95.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24(100%)</td></tr></table>

Assay LoD: The final assay LoD claim is $7 . 1 1 \mathsf { E } { + } 0 3$ $\mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ for HSV-1 and $2 . 7 \ : \mathrm { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for HSV2.

# Co-infection Verification

A study was designed to evaluate the ability of the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay to detect HSV-1 and HSV-2 analytes when both are present in one specimen. Analytes were tested at high (200X LoD) and low concentrations (5X LoD) using 12 replicates. The ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay may not detect a co-infection of HSV-1 and HSV-2 in cases where the two virus types are not equally represented in clinical specimens Co-infections were only detected when both analytes were present at equal concentrations. An HSV analyte at 5X LoD was not detected in the presence of a different HSV analyte at 200X LoD. Results are presented in the table below.

Co-Infection Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent of Replicates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 High / HSV-2 Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV 1 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (12/12)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 High / HSV-1 Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV 2Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(12/12)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 High/HSV-2 High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV 1&amp;2 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (12/12)</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

The effect of potential interfering substances on the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay was evaluated by testing five replicates of each HSV 1, HSV 2 near the device’s Limit of Detection (LoD), and negative samples (Copan UTM) spiked with 28 potential interfering substances. At the tested concentrations of the substances, the substances do not interfere with the assay. All HSV positive results were $100 \%$ positive and all HSV 1&2 negative results were $100 \%$ negative. Results are presented below.

Interfering Substance Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abreva (Docosanol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acyclovir (Acycloguanosine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffy Coat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carmex Cold Sore Lip Balm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Casein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clotrimazole 3 Vaginal Cream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toothpaste</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-itch cream (Benzalkonium Chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cidofovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Douche</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foscarnet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ganciclovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valganciclovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukocytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lip Clear Lysine+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listerine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Male Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monistat 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monistat 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Releev Cold Sore Treatment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K-Y Brand Jelly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spermicide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tioconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vagisil Cream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YeastGard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

A study was performed to evaluate cross reactivity and interference of the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay with 61 microorganisms that might be found in cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion specimens. The effect of potential cross reactivity or interference was evaluated by testing five replicates of each HSV 1, HSV 2 near the device’s Limit of Detection (LoD), and Negative replicates (Copan UTM) spiked with 61 potential cross reacting organisms. Bacteria were tested at ${ 1 0 } ^ { 6 } \ \mathrm { c f u / m } |$ or higher for bacteria and 105 pfu/ml or higher for viruses. At the tested concentrations of the organisms, the organisms do not cross react or interfere with the assay: all HSV positive results were $100 \%$ positive and all HSV 1&2 Negative results were $100 \%$ . Results are presented below.

Cross-Reacting and Microbial Interference Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.27 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.74 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.87 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 x 104 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (AD169 Strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15 x 106 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.43 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.57 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus (Type 71)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.17 x 104 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus (B95-8 Strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.27 x 107 copy/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.13 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.43 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis A Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.47 x 102 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.62 x 108 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIV-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Herpes 6 virus (Z29 Strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.17 x 104 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Herpes 7 virus (SB Strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15 x 106 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Papilloma virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.68 x 109 copy/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella micdadei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.70 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.18 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.90 x 105 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma orale</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 x 108 cfu/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma salivarium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.73 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.10 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubella virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enteritidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.07 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42 x 10^9 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.47 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.60 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.60 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.67 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6 x 105 tachyzoites/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponema pallidum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.8 x 106 genome copy/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trichomonas vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.21 x 105 trophozoites/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella Zoster virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.45 x 104 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.27 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenza type B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.33 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.28 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides Serogroup A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.07 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.10 x 10 6 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.73 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.37 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.2 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.47 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.87 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.15 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.01 x 105 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii Z008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.78 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei Z009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae Z010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Aa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus ducreyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.05 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus curtisii V125 [DSM 2711] ATCC 43063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;10³3 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simian Virus type 40 Pa-57 ATCC strain VR-239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 x 106 TCID50/mL</td></tr></table>

a Concentration information not available.

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility of the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay was evaluated by testing one lot of $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay Cassettes on two $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ instruments by two operators at each of three sites on five nonconsecutive days. A reproducibility panel was prepared containing a moderate positive (approximately 4X LoD for both HSV 1 and HSV 2), low positive (approximately 1X LoD for both HSV 1 and HSV 2) and high negative (approximately 0.1X LoD for HSV 1 and 0.4X LoD for HSV 2) independently for HSV 1 and HSV 2 as well as a negative. The reproducibility panels were created by an independent operator and blinded. The results of the reproducibility study are presented in the table below.

Reproducibility Panel Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalAgreementwithexppectedesults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95%Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withexpectedresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ar </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CVTm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg TmDeflecti</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreementwithexpectedresultsa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$Arq </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CVTm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg TmDeflectionb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withexpectedressultsaa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A\ </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CVTm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg TmDeflectionb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1MModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.24E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1HghNeegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.06E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/90(32.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8-42.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.23E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/91(97.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.98E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83/90(92.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6-96.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV1&amp;2 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.76E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.11E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.34E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(1(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0-100%</td></tr></table>

a Agreement with expected results for the HSV 1&2 negative reflects SPC positivity since no HSV 1 or HSV 2 was detected. Expected result for HSV 1 Moderate Positive target was $100 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 1 Low Positive was approximately $9 5 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 1 High Negative was $20 \%$ to $80 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 2 Moderate Positive target was $100 \%$ HSV 2 Positive, HSV 2 Low Positive was approxi- mately $9 5 \%$ HSV 2 Positive, HSV 2 High Negative was $20 \%$ to $80 \%$ HSV 2 Positive, and HSV 1&2 Negative was $100 \%$ HSV 1&2 Negative. b Average $\tau _ { \mathfrak { m } }$ deflection (RFU) was calculated using all of the positive replicates for that target type. Average $\tau _ { \mathfrak { m } }$ deflection for the HSV 1&2 Negative reflects SPC $\tau _ { \mathfrak { m } }$ deflection since no HSV 1 or HSV 2 was detected.

# Precision

Within Laboratory Precision/Repeatability of the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay was evaluated by two operators performing testing across multiple $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ instruments using one lot of $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay Cassettes. Testing was performed in 10 days and included a total of 216 replicates used in assessing repeatability. A reproducibility panel was prepared containing moderate positive (approximately 4X LoD for both HSV 1 and HSV 2), low positive (approximately 1X LoD for both HSV 1 and HSV 2) and high negative (approximately 0.1X LoD for HSV 1 and 0.4X LoD for HSV 2) samples independently for HSV 1 and HSV 2 as well as a negative sample. The results of the repeatability study are shown in the table below.

Repeatability Panel Resultsa   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpectedRessultsb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageTm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CoefficientofVariation -Tm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average TmDeflection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV 1 ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>85.6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.17%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.28E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(72/72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV 1 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>85.6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.13%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.88E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(72/72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV 1 High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.80%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>34.0 - 58.0%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>85.4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.12%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.18E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(33/72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV 2 ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>87.9</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.16E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(72/72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV 2 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>87.8</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.15%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.75E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(72/72)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV 2 High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.40%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>91.0 - 99.7%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>87.8</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.17%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.39E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(76/78)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV 1&amp;2 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>76.5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.66%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4.41E+05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(72/72)</td></tr></table>

a An overall invalid rate of $0 . 8 \%$ (4/514) was observed. b Expected result for HSV 1 Moderate Positive target was $100 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 1 Low Positive was approximately $9 5 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 1 High Negative was $20 \%$ to $80 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 2 Moderate Positive target was $100 \%$ HSV 2 Positive, HSV 2 Low Positive was approximately $9 5 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 2 High Negative was $20 \%$ to $80 \%$ Positive, and HSV 1&2 Negative was $100 \%$ HSV 1&2 Negative. c Average $\tau _ { \mathsf { m } }$ deflection (RFU) was calculated using all of the positive replicates for that target type. Average $\tau _ { \mathsf { m } }$ deflection for the HSV 1&2 Negative reflects $\mathsf { S P C T } _ { \mathsf { m } }$ deflection since no HSV 1 or HSV 2 was detected.

# Carryover/Cross-Contamination

Carry-over and cross contamination for the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay was assessed by testing fifteen (15) high positive HSV 1 samples, 15 high positive HSV 2 samples and thirty (30) HSV negative samples (Copan UTM). Samples were tested in an alternating pattern with high positive samples run adjacent to negative samples across ten (10) consecutive runs. No carry-over and cross contamination was observed. The overall percent agreement was $100 \%$ for positive and negative samples.

# Fresh and Frozen Specimen Stability

The objective of fresh specimen stability testing was to evaluate the stability of specimens when stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ . This was assessed by testing 6 replicates of each contrived target concentration across 6 different time points. The concentrations tested were a moderate positive, low positive and high negative for HSV 1 and HSV 2 as well as a negative concentration. Moderate positive specimens gave the expected result of $100 \%$ positivity, low positive specimens gave the expected result of approximately $9 5 \%$ positivity and high negative specimens gave the expected result of $20 \text{‰}$ positivity. Finally negative specimens gave the expected result of $0 \%$ positivity. The data from this stability study support the claim in the package insert that fresh specimens for the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay can be held at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ for up to 15 days.

The objective of frozen specimen stability was to evaluate the stability of specimens when stored at -65 to $\mathsf { - 9 5 ^ { \circ } C }$ . This was assessed by testing 6 replicates of each of contrived target concentrations in Copan across 7 different time points extending out to 12 months. The concentrations used for testing are a moderate positive, low positive and high negative concentration for HSV 1 and HSV 2 as well as a negative concentration. Data up to 3 months has been collected with all targets yielding the expected result. Moderate positive specimens are $100 \%$ positive, low positive specimens are positive approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, high negative specimens are positive $2 0 - 8 0 \%$ of the time and negative specimens are negative $100 \%$ of the time. HSV 1&2 specimens are stable for up to 3 months when stored at -65 to $\mathsf { - 9 5 ^ { \circ } C }$ .

# Reagent Stability

The objective of $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay Cassette real time stability testing was to evaluate the stability of ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay Cassette in order to establish a shelf life. This was assessed by testing 4 replicates of HSV 1, 4 replicates of HSV 2 and 4 replicates of negative (Copan UTM) targets on three different lots of $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay Cassettes stored at 2 different temperatures $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ and $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ at 10 different time points extending out to 19 months. Data up to 3 months has been collected and to date all targets for all lots and all storage temperatures have given the expected result. HSV 1 replicates are $100 \%$ HSV 1 Positive, HSV 2 replicates are $100 \%$ HSV 2 Positive and negative replicates are $100 \%$ HSV 1&2 Negative. Therefore, $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay Cassettes are stable for 3 months when stored at both $4 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and Room Temperature $( 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ .

# Luminex

# Clinical Performance:

The performance of ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay was assessed at three (3) geographically diverse clinical sites in the United States. A total of 1963 left-over clinical specimens from symptomatic male and female patients were included in the clinical study. Of these, 1500 specimens were prospectively collected (all comers). The remaining 463 were pre-selected for cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion types that were under-represented in the initial prospective sample set. All of the pre-selected specimens were also prospectively collected. Of the 1963 specimens tested, fifty five (55) specimens were lesion sources from anatomical sites that could not be determined, four (4) specimens remained invalid upon re-testing by $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ HSV 1&2 Assay and three (3) were unavailable for re-testing. All of these 62 specimens were excluded from accuracy determinations.

The reference/comparative method used to evaluate the clinical performance of ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay was the ELVIS® HSV ID and ${ \mathsf { D } } ^ { 3 }$ Typing Test System. Because the ELVIS® method provides no information on HSV-1 patient infected status (positive or negative) in specimens that test positive for HSV-2, all specimens that were positive for HSV-2 by the ELVIS® HSV-ID and ${ \mathsf { D } } ^ { 3 }$ Typing System were excluded from the analysis of HSV-1 clinical performance.

The performance of ARIES® HSV 1&2 assay when compared to ELVIS® viral culture is summarized for cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesions in the tables below:

Summary of HSV 1 Results for Cutaneous Lesions $( N = 3 4 7 )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1%(51/56)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.4% - 97.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2%(274/291)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8% - 96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 Thirteen (13) HSV-1 ARIES® positive specimens that were negative by the reference method were positive by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay. The remaining four (4) false positive specimens were negative for both HSV 1 and HSV 2 by bi- directional sequencing. $^ 2 \mathsf { A l l }$ five (5) HSV-1 ARIES® negative specimens that were positive by the reference method were negative by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay. One of these specimens was positive for HSV-2 by both ARIES® and sequencing

Summary of HSV 1 Results for Mucocutaneous Lesions $\scriptstyle ( 1 1 = 1 1 9 0 )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>421</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>878</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>886</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%(262/270)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2% - 98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4%(878/920)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9% - 96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 Nineteen (19) HSV 1 ARIES® positive specimens that were negative by the reference method were positive by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay. Twenty (20) false positive specimens were negative for both HSV-1 and HSV-2 by bi-directional sequencing. The remaining three (3) specimens were unavailable (QNS) for sequence analysis.

2 Seven (7) HSV 1 ARIES® negative specimens that were positive by the reference method were negative by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay. One of these specimens was positive for HSV 2 by both ARIES® and sequencing. One (1) false negative specimen was confirmed as positive for HSV-1 by bi-directional sequencing.

Summary of HSV 2 Results for Cutaneous Lesions $( N = 4 4 8 )$ .   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(96/101)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8% - 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8%(308/347)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.0% - 91.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 Thirty five (35) HSV 2 ARIES® positive specimens that were negative by the reference method were positive by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay. The remaining four (4) false positive specimens were negative for both HSV-1 and HSV-2 by bi-directional sequencing. $^ 2 { \mathsf { A l l } }$ five (5) HSV 2 ARIES® negative specimens that were positive by the reference method were negative by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay. Two of these specimens were positive for HSV 1 by both ARIES® and sequencing.

Summary of HSV 2 Results for Mucocutaneous Lesions $( N = 1 4 5 3 )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® HSV 1&amp;2Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1453</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(250/263)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2% - 99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2%(1109/1190)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6% - 94.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 Fifty eight (58) HSV 2 ARIES® positive specimens that were negative by the reference method were positive by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay.Twenty-one (21) false positive specimens were negative for both HSV-1 and HSV-2 by bi-direc- tional sequencing. The remaining two (2) specimens were unavailable (QNS) for sequence analysis.

$^ 2 \mathsf { A l l }$ four (4) HSV 2 ARIES® negative specimens that were positive by the reference method were negative by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay. Three (3) of these specimens were positive for HSV 1 by both ARIES® and sequencing.

# Expected Values / Reference Range:

The prevalence of HSV 1 and HSV 2 with the ARIES® HSV 1&2 Assay is calculated for cutaneous and mucocutaneous specimens and is summarized for the combined sample set per age groups and by specimen source in the tables below.

Cutaneous Prevalence by Age   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 - 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 - 30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 - 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 - 50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 - 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Determined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1%</td></tr></table>

Cutaneous Prevalence by Lesion Source   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genital - Penis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skin Lesion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1%</td></tr></table>

Mucocutaneous Prevalence by Age   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 - 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 - 30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 - 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 - 50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 - 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Determined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4%</td></tr></table>

Mucocutaneous Prevalence by Lesion Source   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anorectal /Perianal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genital Vaginal /Cervical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>688</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>688</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genital Labia / Vulva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urethral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocular</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4%</td></tr></table>

# Luminex

# Conclusion:

The information submitted in this premarket notification supports the intended use of the device and demonstrates that the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.