BIOMERIEUX, INC.   
JEWELL COULSON   
SR. REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 595 ANGLUM RD.   
HAZELWOOD MO 63042

Re: K151688 Trade/Device Name: chromID™ MRSA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1700 Regulation Name: Culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JSO Dated: February 4, 2016 Received: February 8, 2016

Dear Ms. Coulson:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.For Director Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health chromIDTM MRSA agar is a selective and differential chromogenic medium for :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)K151688</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NamechromIDTM MRSA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr></table>

iu prevention and control of MRSA in healthcare settings.

Te ts peorme nanterior nares swab spemens from patients and healthare workers t screen orMRSA coloization.roDRwheus dete nasalcolonzaton o itendedignose,uide therapy for MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin.

B. The qualitative detection of MRSA from skin and skin structure infections.

c to recover organisms for further microbiological susceptibility testing or epidemiological typing.

Aive esult esot preclud MRSAn. roI™MRSA en mir et MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teuren tie oolctioationtatvehours psenc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and coplete and review the collection ofinformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jewell Coulson   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-7342   
314-731-8689   
February 4, 2016

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

Device : Formal/Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Regulation Name Regulation Number Product Code

chromID™ MRSA   
Culture media   
II   
Culture Media for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Tests   
21 CFR 866.1700   
JSO

# Predicate Device:

Bio-Rad MRSASelect™ (K100589)

# 510(k) Summary:

Intended Use:

chromID™ MRSA agar is a selective and differential chromogenic medium for :

A. The qualitative detection of nasal colonization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA in healthcare settings. The test is performed on anterior nares swab specimens from patients and healthcare workers to screen for MRSA colonization. chromID™ MRSA when used to detect nasal colonization is not intended to diagnose, guide, or monitor therapy for MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin.   
B. The qualitative detection of MRSA from skin and skin structure infections. chromID™ MRSA is indicated for use in conjunction with other laboratory tests and clinical data available to aid in the identification and diagnosis of MRSA infections. Concomitant cultures for skin and skin structure infections are necessary to recover organisms for further microbiological susceptibility testing or epidemiological typing. A negative result does not preclude MRSA infection. chromID™ MRSA is not intended to monitor treatment for MRSA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin.

# Device Description:

chromID™ MRSA agar consists of a rich nutritive base combining different peptones. It also contains a chromogenic substrate of $\alpha$ -glucosidase and a combination of several antibiotics (cefoxitin, etc.) that favor the growth and direct detection of MRSA, including hetero-resistant strains, by revealing $\alpha$ - glucosidase activity (patent registered) through the appearance of green colonies. The $\alpha$ -glucosidase produced by S. aureus cleaves the chromogenic substrate, which gives a green color to the S. aureus colonies growing on the medium. The MRSA strains are identified by the presence of green colonies that result from the chromogen incorporated in the medium. The selective mixture of antibiotics inhibits most bacteria not belonging to the genus Staphylococcus, as well as yeasts.

# Substantial Equivalence

The similarities of ChromID MRSA agar when compared to the predicate device are described in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DevicechromID™M MRSA Agar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateBio-Rad MRSASelect™</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>chromID ™M MRSA agar is a selective anddifferential chromogenic medium for :A. The qualitative detection of nasal colonizationof methicillin-resistant Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA), to aid in the prevention andcontrol of MRSA in healthcare settings.The test is performed on anterior nares swabspecimens from patients and healthcareworkers to screen for MRSA colonization.chromID ™M MRSA when used to detect nasalcolonization is not intended to diagnose,guide, or monitor therapy for MRSAinfections, or provide results of susceptibilityto methicillin.B. The qualitative detection of MRSA from skinand skin structure infections.chromID ™M MRSA is indicated for use inconjunction with other laboratory tests andclinical data available to aid in theidentification and diagnosis of MRSAinfections. Concomitant cultures for skin andskin structure infections are necessary torecover organisms for further microbiologicalsusceptibility testing, or epidemiologicaltyping.A negative result does not preclude MRSAinfection. chromID ™M MRSA is not intended tomonitor treatment for MRSA infections, orprovide results of susceptibility to methicillin.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRSASelect™ is a selective anddifferential chromogenic medium for:A)The qualitative detection of nasalcolonization of methicillin resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) to aidin the prevention and control of MRSAinfections in healthcare settings. Thetest can be performed on anteriornares specimens from patients andhealthcare workers to screen forMRSA colonization. MRSASelect™ isnot intended to diagnose MRSAinfection nor to guide or monitortreatment of infection. Results can beinterpreted after 18 to 28 hoursincubation.B) The qualitative detection of methicillinresistant Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA) from skin and soft-tissuewound specimens. TheMRSASelect™ is indicated for use inconjunction with other laboratory testsand clinical data available to aid in theidentification and diagnosis of MRSAfrom patients with skin and soft-tissueinfections. Concomitant cultures andsusceptibility testing are necessary forall skin and soft-tissue woundspecimens. MRSASelect™ is notintended to guide, or monitor treatmentfor MRSA infection, or provides resultsof susceptibility to methicillin. Resultscan be interpreted after 18 to 28 hoursincubation.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Specimen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anterior nares specimensSkin and skin structure specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anterior nares specimensSkin and soft-tissue wound specimens</td></tr></table>

The chromID™ MRSA agar utilizes nutrient agar medium that contains selective and differential agents and is very similar to the MRSASelect™ agar. Both devices incorporate a chromogenic substrate that is enzymatically cleaved by S. aureus and result in colored MRSA colonies. Both devices incorporate selective agents in the agar to inhibit most bacteria not belonging to the genus Staphylococcus, as well as yeasts. The significant technological difference between the two media is the type of chromogenic substrate incorporated in the media to indicate the presence of MRSA colonies. The safety and effectiveness of the chromID™ MRSA agar is not impacted by the technology differences.

# Performance Characteristics:

Non-clinical (analytical) and clinical studies were performed for the chromID™ MRSA agar following the FDA Draft Guidance “Establishing the Performance Characteristics of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices for the Detection of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) for Culture Based Systems”, issued June 15, 2011.

# Analytical Performance

Reproducibility - A set of ten mecA-positive or mecA-negative Staphylococcus aureus isolates were tested in triplicate each day for five days at three of the clinical study sites using multiple lots of chromID MRSA media. Isolates were tested at $1 0 ^ { 3 } C F U / \mathrm { m L }$ and plates were read at 24 hours. The overall reproducibility rate was $100 \%$ (450/450).

Quality Control - Two quality control organisms were tested at each study site by chromID MRSA on each day of testing. The organisms tested were:

Staphylococcus aureus ATCC 29213   
Staphylococcus aureus ATCC 43300

The results of QC testing with chromID™ MRSA agar met the pre-defined acceptance criteria (> $9 5 \%$ agreement) when compared to expected results as determined by oxacillin MIC and mecA PCR.

Analytical Reactivity – A challenge set composed of 80 mecA MRSA strains and 5 mecC MRSA strains was inoculated on the chromID™ MRSA medium with an inoculum equivalent to ${ 1 0 } ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL. After 24 hours of incubation, 58/80 mecA MRSA strains and 4/5 mecC MRSA strains were detected on the chromID™ MRSA medium.

Expression of Resistance – Twenty-eight well-characterized S. aureus strains were tested on chromID™ MRSA (10 low level methicillin-resistant, 10 high level methicillin-resistant, 5 borderline oxacillin-resistant, and 3 methicillin-susceptible) using inoculum concentrations between ${ 1 0 } ^ { 3 }$ - $1 0 ^ { 8 } C F \underline { { \mathsf { U } } } / \mathsf { m L }$ . All low level and high level methicillin-resistant strains were detected at an inoculum of ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ CFU/mL. The 5 border-line oxacillin-resistant and 3 methicillin-susceptible strains did not grow, as expected, on chromID™ MRSA at inoculum concentrations as high as $1 0 ^ { 8 } { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ .

Mixed Infection Study – Ten MRSA strains (5 low level methicillin-resistant and 5 high level methicillin-resistant) at a concentration of $1 0 ^ { 3 } { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ were inoculated on chromID™ MRSA with one of three non-MRSA strains (methicillin-susceptible S. aureus, methicillin-resistant coagulase negative Staphylococcus epidermidis, and Escherichia coli) at $1 0 ^ { 4 } - 1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ to evaluate the recovery of MRSA on chromID™ MRSA media in the presence of non-target organisms. The presence of these non-MRSA organisms did not negatively impact chromIDTM MRSA performance.

#  Recovery Study

Two well-characterized MRSA strains (ATCC® 43300™ and CDC Mu3-BR) were tested to determine the lowest number of CFU/mL detected on chromID™ MRSA. At 24 hours the lowest dilution for detection on chromID™ MRSA for ATCC® 43300™ was $1 0 ^ { 3 } { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ and $1 0 ^ { 5 } { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ for CDC Mu3-8R.

Cross Reactivity - To evaluate the analytical specificity of the chromID™ MRSA media, 71 nonMRSA strains representing bacterial and fungal species potentially encountered in skin and skin structure infections were inoculated onto chromID™ MRSA medium at a high inoculum level ${ 1 0 } ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL). After 24 hours of incubation, 44 strains did not grow and 20 strains grew colonies without green pigment. Green colonies (cross reactivity) were observed for 3 Klebsiella pneumoniae and one Enterobacter cloacae strains. All 4 were carbapenemase producing (KPC). Green colonies were also observed for one S. pseudintermedius and 2 S. sciuri strains. All 3 were oxacillin-resistant strains.

Interference - Interfering substances were evaluated at physiologically or biologically relevant concentrations and mixed with bacterial suspensions (9:1, v:v). No interference was observed for human blood, mucin, anticoagulants, plasma, and buffy coat. Some topical antibiotics and antiseptics interfered with MRSA detection on chromID™ MRSA due to their antibacterial activity. Use of compounds containing the active ingredients listed below may have an inhibitory effect on MRSA growth that is unrelated to chromID™ MRSA medium performance: colistimethate sodium 25 MUI/100mL, bacitracin $5 0 , 0 0 0 \ : \mathsf { U I } / 1 0 0 \mathsf { m L }$ , dexamethasone $0 . 1 { \sf g } / 1 0 0 { \sf m L }$ , neomycin sulfate 350,000 UI/100mL, polymixin B sulfate 600,000 UI/100mL, benzalkonium chloride $5 0 0 \mathrm { m g } / 1 0 0 \mathrm { m L }$ , chlorhexidine digluconate $2 0 0 \mathrm { m g } / 1 0 0 \mathrm { m L }$ , $1 \%$ hydrocortisone, $10 \%$ povidone iodine, $2 \%$ mupirocin, hydrogen peroxide $8 \ : \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { g }$ , ethanol $3 8 0 ~ \mathsf { m g / g }$ , $70 \%$ isopropyl alcohol. Benzocaine (14 $\mathsf { g } / \mathsf { L }$ ) may delay colony coloration or inhibit growth of MRSA on chromID™ MRSA.

Incubation – The incubation times required for three MRSA strains, at an organism concentration of ${ { 1 0 } ^ { 3 } }$ CFU/mL to produce positive chromID™ MRSA results was 20 hours for two strains (ATCC 43300 and S. aureus 0611169) and 27 hours for one strain (CDC Mu3-8R).

# Clinical Studies

chromID™ MRSA was evaluated at four geographically diverse clinical sites. chromID™ MRSA performance was determined by examining the presence or absence of green colonies on the media after 24 hours. All green colonies were tested by Gram stain, catalase and latex agglutination. All Staphylococcus aureus colonies were tested for resistance to oxacillin by the Cefoxitin Screen test $( 3 0 \mu \ g )$ . All green colonies were also tested for the presence of the mecA gene by PCR and by VITEK® MS for species confirmation.

For the Reference Culture Method, all specimens were enriched in Tryptic Soy broth with $6 . 5 \%$ NaCl (TSB) for 24 hours. Negative broth cultures were incubated an additional 24 hours. Positive cultures were then subcultured to Tryptic Soy agar with $5 \%$ sheep blood (BAP). Colonies suggestive of Staphylococcus species were tested by Gram stain, catalase and latex agglutination. Staphylococcus aureus isolates were tested for resistance to oxacillin by the Cefoxitin Screen test. All colonies resistant to oxacillin by the Cefoxitin Screen test were tested for the presence of the mecA gene by PCR and by VITEK MS for species confirmation.

A positive result by Reference Culture was defined as the recovery of cefoxitin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus from the specimen. All other results, including the growth of cefoxitinsusceptible Staphylococcus aureus, growth of other species and no growth, were considered negative.

A total of 690 SSSI specimens were collected for the study at 4 external clinical laboratories. Three specimens were excluded because they did not meet specimen acceptance criteria. Seven specimens were removed due to protocol deviations. A total of 680 specimens were valid for comparison data analysis.

# chromIDTM MRSA at 24 Hours

Compared to Reference Culture Method (TSB) at 48 Hours   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Culture Method(TSB) Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>chromIDIMMRSAResult in 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>680</td></tr></table>

$\yen 12$ discordant specimens (chromIDTM MRSA result of MRSA positive; culture-based testing result of MRSA negative) were observed. 5 of the 13 chromID™ MRSA positive specimens were confirmed as MRSA by Cefoxitin Screen Test. 8 cultures grew green colonies on chromIDTM MRSA that were not MRSA.

$\star \star 1 1$ discordant specimens (chromIDTM MRSA result of MRSA negative: culture-based testing result of MRSA positive) were observed. 6 cultures displayed no growth on chromIDT MRSA. 4 cultures grew non-green MRSA colonies on chromIDTM MRSA. One specimen grew green colonies on chromIDTM MRSA that were not identified as MRSA.

Specificity $9 7 . 4 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: [95.6-98.5]) Sensitivity $9 3 . 8 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: [89.2-96.5])

The overall prevalence of MRSA in this study by the Reference Culture Method was $2 6 . 0 \%$ (177/680).   
. The prevalence of MRSA as determined by chromID™ MRSA at 24 hours was $2 6 . 3 \%$ (179/680).

Conclusion A comparison of the intended use and the results of non-clinical and clinical performance studies support that chromID™ MRSA agar is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.