ALERE SAN DIEGO, INCORPORATED   
JOSEPH DE LA ROSA   
RA SPECIALIST   
9975 SUMMERS RIDGE ROAD   
SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K151935 Trade/Device Name: Alere Signify H. pylori Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma Alere Signify H. pylori Whole Blood Only Alere Clearview H. pylori Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma Alere Clearview H. pylori Whole Blood Only Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3110 Regulation Name: Campylobacter fetus serological reagents Regulatory Class: I Product Code: LYR Dated: July 13, 2015 Received: July 14, 2015

Dear Mr. De La Rosa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Alere Signify $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori – Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma; Alere Signify $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori – Whole Blood Only; Alere Clearview $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori – Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma; Alere Clearview $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori – Whole Blood Only

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Signify $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori cassette is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Helicobacter pylori in whole blood, serum or plasma to aid in the diagnosis of H. pylori infection in adults 18 years of age and older.

The Signify $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori cassette is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Helicobacter pylori in whole blood to aid in the diagnosis of H. pylori infection in adults 18 years of age and older.

The Clearview $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori test is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Helicobacter pylori in whole blood, serum or plasma to aid in the diagnosis of H. pylori infection in adults 18 years of age and older.

The Clearview $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ H. pylori test is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Helicobacter pylori in whole blood to aid in the diagnosis of H. pylori infection in adults 18 years of age and older.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

GENERAL INFORMATION

Submitted By:

Alere, Inc. 9975 Summers Ridge Road San Diego, CA 92121 Establishment # 2027969

Company Contact: Joseph De La Rosa Regulatory Affairs Specialist 858‐805‐3181 Joseph.delarosa@alere.com

Date Prepared: August 10, 2015

# DEVICE IDENTIFICATION

Trade or Proprietary Names: Alere Signify® H. pylori – Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma Alere Signify® H. pylori – Whole Blood Only Alere Clearview® H. pylori – Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma Alere Clearview® H. pylori – Whole Blood Only   
Common Name: Qualitative Immunoassay for H. pylori   
Device Classification Name: Camplyobacter pylori   
Product Code: LYR   
Regulatory Class: Class I (reserved)   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3110   
Predicate Device: Alere H. pylori Rapid Test Strip and Test Device

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Alere H. pylori tests are lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative detection of Immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies to Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) in whole blood, serum and plasma. The test devices consist of a membrane strip coated with immobilized human IgG antibodies and $H .$ . pylori antigen encased in a plastic housing. In the test procedure, anti‐human $\mathrm { I g G }$ is immobilized in the test line region of the cassette. The sample reacts with H. pylori antigen‐coated particles that have been applied to the label pad. This mixture migrates chromatographically along the length of the test strip and interacts with the immobilized anti‐human IgG. If the sample contains H. pylori IgG antibodies, a colored line will appear in the test line region

indicating a positive result. If the sample does not contain H. pylori IgG antibodies, a colored line will not appear in this region indicating a negative result. To serve as a procedural control, a colored line will always appear at the control line region, indicating that proper volume of sample has been added and membrane wicking has occurred.

# Intended Use

The Alere H. pylori Immunoassay intended use statements are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Product Name                                        Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere Signify® H. pylori Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Signify® H. pylori cassette is a rapid chromatographicimmunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies toHelicobacter pylori in whole blood, serum or plasma to aid inthe diagnosis of H. pylori infection in adults 18 years of age andolder.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere Signify H. pylori Whole Blood Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Signify® H. pylori cassette (Whole Blood) is a rapidchromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection ofIgG antibodies to Helicobacter pylori in whole blood to aid inthe diagnosis of H. pylori infection in adults 18 years of age andolder.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere Clearview® H. pylori Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Clearview® H. pylori test is a rapid chromatographicimmunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies toHelicobacter pylori in whole blood, serum or plasma to aid inthe diagnosis of H. pylori infection in adults 18 years of age andolder.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere Clearview® H. pylori Whole Blood Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Clearview® H. pylori test is a rapid chromatographicimmunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies toHelicobacter pylori in whole blood to aid in the diagnosis of H.pylori infection in adults 18 years of age and older.</td></tr></table>

# COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(k024350)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Alere H. pylori cassette is a rapidchromatographic immunoassay for thequalitative detection of IgG antibodies toHelicobacter pylori in whole blood, serumor plasma to aid in the diagnosis of H.pylori infection in adults 18 years of ageand older.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative lateral flow antigen/antibodyimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood, serum, plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum samplevolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 50 µL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG antibodies specific to Helicobacterpylori in human blood, serum or plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control region bound to test strip. Redline in control region indicates validsample application. Positive and negativecontrol sample included in kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endpoint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colored lines</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferingsubstances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference with the H. pylori testresults was observed in samplescontaining high levels of hemoglobin (upto 1,000 mg/dL), bilirubin (up to 1,000mg/dL) and human serum albumin (upto 2,000 mg/mL) and triglycerides (up to3454 mg/dL). The test results were alsounaffected when the hematocrit wasaltered ranging from 20% to 67%.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference with ACON H.Pylori Rapid Test Device (WholeBlood/Serum/Plasma results wasobserved in samples containinghigh levels of hemoglobin (up to1000 mg/dL), bilirubin (up to 1000mg/dL) and human serum albumin(up to 2000 mg/mL). The testresults were also unaffected whenthe hematocrit was altered rangingfrom 20% to 67%.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE DATA

An interfering substance study was conducted to determine the performance of the $H _ { \ l }$ . pylori tests when testing samples with increased levels of triglycerides. Separate tests were conducted for plasma, serum and whole blood samples.

H. pylori standards – low positive, positive and high positive – plus an H. pylori negative plasma sample were spiked each with two concentrations of triglyceride reference material $( 7 9 7 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and $3 4 5 4 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ ) and tested in replicates of three per sample. Three unspiked replicates of each of the $H _ { \ l }$ . pylori standards and negative were also tested. All negative and positive $H .$ pylori samples tested as expected with no false results due to the presence of high levels of triglycerides in the samples.

# CONCLUSIONS

The differences indicated between the modified labeling for the device and the predicate do not constitute a new intended use. There are no changes to the safety and effectiveness of the device and the impact on clinical management and patient health. Therefore the device with modified labeling is considered substantially equivalent to the predicate.