Cepheid   
Scott Campbell, PhD, MBA   
Executive Director, Clinical Affairs   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, CA 94089

Re: K151226 Trade/Device Name: Xpert® Flu+RSV Xpress, Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit, GeneXpert Xpress System (GX-I) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OOI, JSM Dated: May 5, 2015 Received: May 8, 2015

Dear Dr. Campbell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K151226

Device Name   
Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress   
Xper $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Cepheid Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay, performed on the GeneXpert Xpress System, is an automated, multiplex realtime, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay uses nasopharyngeal swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus infections in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2014-2015 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens and to preserve and transport nasal aspirate/wash specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu Assay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay. The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu $+$ RSV Xpress Assay.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5.0 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, CA 90489   
Phone number: (847) 228-3299   
Fax number: (847) 593-0233   
Scott A. Campbell, PhD, MBA   
May 5, 2015

# Contact:

Date of Preparation:

Device:

Trade name:

Xpert® Flu+RSV Xpress

Common name:

Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay

Type of Test:

Automated, multiplex real-time reverse transcriptionpolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus.

Regulation number/ Classification name/

866.3980/Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay/ 866.2570/Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems 866.2390/Transport culture medium   
OCC, OOI, JSM

Product code(s):

Classification

Class II

Advisory Panel

Microbiology (83)

Prescription Use

Yes

Predicate Devices Name(s):

1) For the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab specimens: Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC [510(k) #K142045]; and,

2) For the Sample Collection Kits: Cepheid Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit [510(k) #K142045]

# Device Description:

The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert Xpress System (GeneXpert Dx System, GX-I). The GeneXpert Xpress System platform automates and integrates sample extraction, purification, amplification, and detection of the target sequence in simple or complex samples using real-time PCR and reverse transcriptase PCR (RT-PCR) assays. The systems require the use of single-use disposable cartridges (the Xpert Flu $^ +$ RSV Xpress cartridges) that hold the PCR reagents and host the PCR process. Because the cartridges are self-contained and specimens never come into contact with working parts of the instrument modules, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

The Xpert Flu $+$ RSV Xpress Assay includes reagents for the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral RNA directly from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are also included in the cartridge. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the target viruses and to monitor the presence of inhibitors in the PCR reaction. The Probe Check Control (PCC) verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability.

The single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridges are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time RT-PCR for detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B and RSV viral RNA in approximately 60 minutes. The GeneXpert Xpress System, comprised of the GeneXpert Dx System GX-I, has one module that is capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR and RT-PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary $\mathrm { I - C O R E } ^ { \textregistered }$ thermocycler for performing realtime PCR and RT-PCR and detection.

Specimens are collected following the instructions for collecting NP swab specimens provided in Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay package insert for influenza and RSV testing. The Cepheid Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit (Cepheid catalog #SWAB/B-100) is required but not provided for use with the assay. The NP swab specimen is placed in the Xpert viral transport medium and sent to the GeneXpert® Xpress testing area for processing. When stored in the transport medium, the NP swab specimen is stable for up to 24 hours at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or up to seven days at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . When ready to test the specimen, the user briefly mixes the specimen by inverting the tube five times, transfers the eluted material to the sample chamber in the top of the disposable fluidic cartridge. The user initiates a test from the system user interface and places the cartridge into the GeneXpert Xpress instrument platform, which performs hands-off real-time, multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for detection of RNA. The results are automatically generated at the end of the process in a report that can be viewed and printed.

Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay:

The Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSV Xpress Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Xpress System, is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RTPCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay uses nasopharyngeal swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2014-2015 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Ancillary Collection Kits’ Indications for Use (the expanded indication is shown in bold):

Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit

The Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens and to preserve and transport nasal aspirate/wash specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu Assay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay. The Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay is substantially equivalent to the Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay [510(k) #K142045]. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay and the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay detect influenza A, influenza B, and RSV from NP swab specimens. Both assays utilize the same technology by determining the presence of the target organisms through realtime RT-PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection. A multicenter clinical study was conducted to determine the performance characteristics of the device with collection of NP swab specimens from each subject relative to a comparator device, the ProFlu $^ +$ Assay which is FDA cleared for NP swab specimens. Discordant results between the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay and the ProFlu $^ +$ Assay were analyzed by sequencing using primers different from those used in the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay. The study results showed the Xpert Flu $+$ RSV Xpress Assay is acceptable for its intended use with inexperienced lab users.

Table 5-1 shows the similarities and differences between the Xpert Flu $+$ RSV Xpress Assay and the predicate assay, Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

Table 5-1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert $\mathbf { F l u + R S V }$ Xpress Assay with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu+RSVXpress Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XCAssay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K151226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K142045</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, 001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, 001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology Principleof Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex real time RT-PCR</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Cepheid Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay The Cepheid Xpert Flu+RSV</td><td>Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay The Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Xpress Assay, performed on the GeneXpert Xpress System, is an automated, multiplex real- time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT- PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay uses nasopharyngeal swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2014-2015 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.</td><td>Assay is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay uses nasopharyngeal swab and nasal aspirate/wash specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2013-2014 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu+RSVXpress Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XCAssay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If infection with a novelinfluenza A virus is suspectedbased on current clinical andepidemiological screeningcriteria recommended by publichealth authorities, specimensshould be collected withappropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulentinfluenza viruses and sent tostate or local health departmentfor testing. Viral culture shouldnot be attempted in these casesunless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive and culturespecimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If infection with a novelinfluenza A virus is suspectedbased on current clinical andepidemiological screeningcriteria recommended by publichealth authorities, specimensshould be collected withappropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulentinfluenza viruses and sent tostate or local health departmentfor testing. Viral culture shouldnot be attempted in these casesunless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive and culturespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection in conjunction withclinical and epidemiological riskfactors.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Virus, Influenza BVirus, and RSV viral RNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens andNasal aspirate/wash (NA/W)specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparation integrated inGeneXpert Cartridge andGeneXpert Xpress System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparation integrated inGeneXpert Cartridge andGeneXpert Instrument System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert XpressSystem (instrument modelGX-I); same Cepheid I-coretechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert InstrumentSystems (various instrumentmodels including instrumentmodel GX-I); Cepheid I-coretechnology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Encapsulated (armored) RNApseudovirus as a sampleprocessing control.Available but not provided areinactivated virus controls forinfluenza A/B and RSV asexternal positive controls, andCoxsackie virus as an externalnegative control.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to obtain testresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 60 minutes forsample preparation and real-time RT-PCR.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 60 minutes orless for sample preparation andreal-time RT-PCR.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes to detect thepresence of nucleic acidsequences of influenza A,influenza B, and RSV.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Primary Differences(Differences are also Captured in the Similarities Table above)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGaYellowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu+RSVXpress Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XCAssay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert XpressSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert DxSystems and GeneXpertInfinity Systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory Users</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Untrained operators with noclinical lab experience in aCLIA-waiver environment.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operators with no clinical labexperience to experiencedclinical laboratorytechnologists.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combinatorial AssaySelections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No combinatorial assayselections are available.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, user may select combinedassay with all targets or a Fluonly assay or a RSV onlyassay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Early assaytermination function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No early assay terminationfunction is available.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, on Flu only or RSV onlyassay selections.</td></tr></table>

The Xpert $_ \mathrm { F l u + R S V }$ Xpress Assay has the same general intended use as the predicate device and has the same technological characteristics as the predicate device. The differences between the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay and the predicate device do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. The clinical study demonstrates that the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay is acceptable for its intended use with inexperienced laboratory users and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device described above.

# Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit

The predicate device for the ancillary specimen collection kit, the Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit, is the Cepheid Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit, [510(k) # K042970]. The similarities and differences are shown in Table 5-2.

Table 5-2: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert Nasopharyngeal SampleCollection Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert Nasopharyngeal SampleCollection Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use(Similarities)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, preservationand transport ofnasopharyngeal swabspecimens and to preserve andtransport nasal aspirate/washspecimens containing virusesfrom patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysis withthe Xpert Flu Assay and theXpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.For collection, preservation andtransport of nasopharyngealswab specimens containingviruses from patients with signsand symptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysis withthe Xpert Flu+RSV XpressAssay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, preservationand transport ofnasopharyngeal swabspecimens and to preserve andtransport nasal aspirate/washspecimens containing virusesfrom patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysis withthe Xpert Flu Assay and theXpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-use Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hank's Balanced Salt SolutionBovine Serum AlbuminL-cysteineGelatinSucroseL-glutamic acidHEPES bufferVancomycinAmphotericin BColistinPhenol red</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 ± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Xpert Nasopharyngeal SampleCollection Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Xpert Nasopharyngeal SampleCollection Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 25°C (refrigeratedand room temperature)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glass Beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 3 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic (medical-gradepolypropylene)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Tube in Kit withindividually-wrapped sterileswab.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use(differences)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, preservation andtransport of nasopharyngealswab specimens containingviruses from patients with signsand symptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysis withthe Xpert Flu+RSV XpressAssay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, preservation andtransport of nasopharyngealswab specimens and to preserveand transport nasalaspirate/wash specimenscontaining viruses from patientswith signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the Xpert FluAssay and the Xpert Flu/RSVXC Assay.</td></tr></table>

Both devices have the same general intended use and use the same technology to collect, store, and transport clinical specimens, including viruses, to the laboratory for further testing. The differences between the two devices do not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness. The multi-center clinical study of the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay was conducted using Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit and demonstrated that the assay and its collection kit are acceptable for their intended use with inexperienced lab users and substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# Non-Clinical Studies:

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

Studies were performed to determine the analytical limit of detection (LoD) of the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay with two lots of reagents across three testing days. The higher LoD observed per strain and per lot was selected for verification. Verification of the estimated LoD claim was performed on one reagent lot across a minimum of three testing days. LoD was established using two influenza A H3N2 strains, two influenza A 2009 H1N1 strains, two influenza B strains, two respiratory syncytial virus A (RSV A) strains, two respiratory syncytial virus B (RSV B) strains, and one influenza A H7N9 strain diluted into a negative pooled clinical matrix. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration (tissue culture infective dose, $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ) per sample that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples with $9 5 \%$ confidence or the lowest concentration at which 19 of 20 replicates were positive. Each strain was tested in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus.

The LoD was determined empirically as the first concentration that had 19/20 or 20/20 positive results. The LoD point estimates for each strain tested are summarized in Tables 5-3 to 5-8.

Table 5-3: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Influenza A 2009 H1N1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Florida/27/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-4: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Influenza A H3N2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5.5: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Influenza B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-6: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ ): Respiratory Syncytial Virus A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2/Australia/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/Long/MD/56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-7: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ : Respiratory Syncytial Virus B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)(at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/Washington/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320/Massachusetts/77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 (20/20)</td></tr></table>

Table 5-8: Confirmed LoD $\bf ( T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L )$ : Influenza A H7N9   
Table 5-9: Analytical Specificity of Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay   

<table><tr><td>Strain ID</td><td>Confirmed LoD (TCID50/mL) (at least 19/20 positive)</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A/Anhui/1/2013</td><td>0.8 (19/20)</td></tr></table>

Although this test has been shown to detect the novel avian influenza A (H7N9) cultured material, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for the novel avian influenza A (H7N9) virus have not been established. The Xpert $_ \mathrm { F l u + R S V }$ Xpress Assay can distinguish between influenza A and B viruses, but it cannot differentiate influenza A subtypes.

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity of the Xpert Flu $+$ RSV Xpress Assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 44 cultures consisting of 16 viral, 26 bacterial, and two yeast strains representing common respiratory pathogens or those potentially encountered in the nasopharynx. Three replicates of all bacterial and yeast strains were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ with the exception of one strain which was tested at $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ (Chlamydia pneumoniae). Three replicates of each virus were tested at concentrations $\operatorname { o f } \geq 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 ^ { \mathrm { / m L } }$ . The analytical specificity was $100 \%$ . Results are shown in Table 5-9.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">No Template Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.87x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.85x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.24x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.31x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.16x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9x106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.31x106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15x106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.55x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEGa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16x105 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis(avirulent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphyloccus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the Xpert $_ \mathrm { F l u + R S V }$ Xpress Assay was evaluated against multiple strains of influenza A H1N1 (seasonal pre-2009), influenza A H1N1 (pandemic 2009), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), avian influenza A (H5N1, H5N2, H6N2, H7N2, H7N3, H2N2, H7N9, and H9N2), influenza B (representing strains from both Victoria and

Yamagata lineages), and respiratory syncytial virus subgroups A and B (RSV A and RSV B) at levels near the analytical LoD. A total of 64 strains including 54 influenza viruses and 10 RSV strains were tested in this study with the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay.

Three replicates were tested for each strain. Results are shown in Table 5-10.

Table 5-10: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of Xpert $\mathbf { F l u + R S V }$ Xpress Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">No Template Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Influenza AH1 (pre-2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/Iowa/15/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mal/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/55/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Soloman Islands/3/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Influenza AH1N1(pdm2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/7/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/NY/02/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Florida/27/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Colorado/14/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Washington/24/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0a TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Influenza AH3N2(Seasonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/HongKong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Avianinfluenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Hunan/795/2002 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Hubei/327/2004 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/µb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Japanese whiteeye/HongKong/1038/2006 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/WI/34/75 (H5N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/µb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/CA431/00 (H6N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/LTC-10-82743/1943 (H7N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/NJ/15086-3/94 (H7N3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤1 ρg/|Lb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Shanghai/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/Ac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Korea/38349-p96323/1996HN2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/NY/6750/78 (H2N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="15">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Panama/45/90d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 TCID50/mL c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/07/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/06d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2010†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/04d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/Long/MD/56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/2/Australia/61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/NY (Clinical unknown)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/WI/629-8-2/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A/WI/629-11-1/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/Wash/18537/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/9320/MA/77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/WV14617/85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/CH93(18)-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0 TCID50/mL g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B/WI/629-5B/0607</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td></tr></table>

a Influenza A/Washington/24/2012 was tested at 5X LoD ( $8 0 . 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ) to obtain 3 of 3 Flu A POSITIVE result calls.   
b Purified viral RNA in simulated background matrix was used for avian influenza A viruses due to biosafety regulations.   
c Inactivated avian influenza A (H7N9) viruses without viral titer was diluted 100,000 fold in simulated background matrix and tested due to biosafety regulations.   
d Known Victoria lineage.   
e Influenza B/Panama/45/90 was tested at 5X LoD $( 3 . 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ ) to obtain 3/3 Flu B POSITIVE result calls. f Known Yamagata lineage.   
g RSV-B/CH93(18)-18 was tested at 10X LoD (20.0 TCID50/mL) to obtain 3/3 RSV POSITIVE result calls.

# Potentially Interfering Substances

In a non-clinical study, potentially interfering substances that may be present in the nasopharynx were evaluated directly relative to the performance of the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay. Potentially interfering substances in the nasopharynx may include, but are not limited to: blood, nasal secretions or mucus, and nasal and throat medications used to relieve congestion, nasal dryness, irritation, or asthma and allergy symptoms, as well as antibiotics and antivirals. Negative samples $( \mathbf { n } = 8 )$ ) were tested per each substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC). Positive samples $( \mathtt { n } = 8 )$ were tested per substance with six influenza (four influenza A and two influenza B) and four RSV (two RSV A and two RSV B) strains spiked at 2X the analytical LoD determined for each strain. All results were compared to positive and negative Universal Transport Medium (UTM) controls.

These evaluated substances are listed in Table 5.11 with active ingredients and concentrations tested shown. There was no assay interference in the presence of the substances at the concentrations tested in this study. All positive and negative replicates were correctly identified using the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay.

FluMist vaccine samples were correctly reported as Flu A POSITIVE; FLU B POSITIVE; RSV NEGATIVE as expected. Samples containing FluMist may cause false positive results. This is addressed in the device labeling Section 17, Limitations.

Table 5-11. Potentially Interfering Substances in Xpert $\mathbf { F l u + R S V }$ Xpress Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance/Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description/ActiveIngredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta-adrenergicbronchodilator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83 mg/mL(equivalent to1 dose per day)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (Human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BDTM UniversalViral TransportSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel M4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel M5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat lozenges,oral anestheticandanalgesic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified Mucin protein(Bovine or porcinesubmaxillary gland)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic, nasalointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline NasalSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride (0.65%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anefrin Nasal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline, 0.05%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Drops</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine, 0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tamiflu®/Anti-viral drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zanamivir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibacterial,systemic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zicam®/NasalGel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luffa opperculata,Galphimia glauca,Histaminumhydrochloricum Sulfur</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluMist®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Live intranasal influenzavirus vaccine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasalcorticosteroid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluticasone Propionate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Carry-Over Contamination

A study was conducted to demonstrate that single-use, self-contained GeneXpert cartridges prevent carry-over contamination in negative samples run following very high positive samples in the same GeneXpert module. The study consisted of a negative sample processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately following a very high influenza A sample (approximately $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { t e s t } )$ or a very high RSV A sample (approximately $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ /test). This testing scheme was repeated 20 times on two GeneXpert modules for a total of 82 runs resulting in 40 positive and 42 negative specimens for each virus type. All 40 positive samples were correctly reported as Flu A POSITIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE or Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV POSITIVE. All 42 negative samples were correctly reported as Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE.

# Fresh vs. Frozen Sample Equivalency Study

Fresh and frozen specimen equivalency in the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay was evaluated by testing individual influenza and RSV strains at three different concentrations representing low positives (2X LoD), moderate positives (5X LoD), and high positives (10X LoD) in simulated background matrix. Negative samples consisted of simulated background matrix only. Fresh and frozen specimen equivalency was determined using one seasonal Flu A H3N2 strain (A/Victoria/361/2011), one Flu B strain (B/Wisconsin/01/11), one RSV A strain (RSV A/Long/MD/56), and one RSV B strain (RSV B/9320/MA/77). Replicates of 20 were tested for each specimen type and concentration. All positive and negative specimens were tested fresh, after one freeze-thaw cycle, and after two freeze-thaw cycles.

There was no statistically significant effect in the performance of the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay between fresh virus dilutions and two sequential freeze thaw cycles for positive and negative samples. All positive and negative replicates were correctly identified using the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay.

# Linearity

Not applicable, the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay is a qualitative assay.

# Clinical Studies

# Clinical Comparison Study

Performance characteristics of the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay were evaluated at 12 institutions in the U.S. during the 2014-2015 influenza season. Due to the low prevalence of Flu B and RSV during the sampling time frame of this study, supplementation with preselected archived NP swab specimens known to be positive for Flu B or RSV was required to meet the sample size for these targets.

Subjects included individuals with signs or symptoms of respiratory infection and whose routine care called for collection of NP swab specimens for influenza and/or RSV testing. For eligible subjects, NP swab specimens were obtained for testing with the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay and the comparator assay, and patient management continued at the site per their standard practice.

The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay performance was compared to a FDA-cleared molecular comparator assay. Xpert Flu $^ +$ RSV Xpress Assay results from NP swab specimens were compared to the molecular comparator assay result from the same swab specimens. Bidirectional sequencing was performed on specimens where the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay and the comparator assay were discrepant, and is provided for informational purposes only.

# NP Swab Specimens

A total of $2 4 3 5 \mathrm { N P }$ swab specimens were tested for influenza A, influenza B and RSV by the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay and the comparator assay. Of the $2 4 3 5 \mathrm { N P }$ swab specimens 2176 were fresh, prospectively collected and 259 were pre-selected frozen, archived specimens.

On fresh, prospectively collected NP swab specimens, the Xpert Flu $^ +$ RSV Xpress Assay demonstrated a positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) for detection of influenza A of $100 \%$ and $9 4 . 8 \%$ , respectively, relative to the comparator assay (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay PPA and NPA for influenza B were $100 \%$ and $9 9 . 5 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay PPA and NPA for RSV were $9 6 . 9 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12).

On pre-selected frozen, archived NP swab specimens, the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay demonstrated an NPA for detection of influenza A of $9 8 . 5 \%$ relative to the comparator assay (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu $^ +$ RSV Xpress Assay PPA and NPA for influenza B were $100 \%$ and $9 8 . 7 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12). The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay PPA and NPA for RSV were $9 7 . 6 \%$ and $9 9 . 5 \%$ , respectively (Table 5-12).

Table 5-12: Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay Performance on NP Swab Specimens   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA %(95 CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA %(95 CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1825</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(98.5-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.8(93.7-95.7)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(94.3-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5(99.1-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2039</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.9(92.3-99.1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6(99.2-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Pre-selectedFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.5(96.1-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(96.4-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.7(95.5-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">217</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.6(87.1-99.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5(97.5-100)</td></tr></table>

a. Testing results by sequencing: 92 of 101 were Flu A positive; 8 of 101 failed to sequence; 1 of 101 insufficient remaining volume for sequencing. b. Testing results by sequencing: 9 of 10 were Flu B positive; 1 of 10 insufficient remaining volume for sequencing. c. Testing results by sequencing: 7 of 8 were RSV positive; 1 of 8 was RSV negative. d. Testing results by sequencing: 3 of 4 were RSV positive; 1 of 4 was RSV negative. e. Testing results by sequencing: 4 of 4 insufficient remaining volume for sequencing. f. Testing results by sequencing: 2 of 2 insufficient remaining volume for sequencing. g. Testing results by sequencing: 1 of 1 insufficient remaining volume for sequencing. h. Testing results by sequencing: 1 of 1 insufficient remaining volume for sequencing.

Of the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay runs performed with eligible specimens, $9 5 . 0 \%$ (2335/2459) of these specimens were successful on the first attempt. The initial invalid rate was $5 . 0 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } 4 . 2 – 6 . 0 \% )$ . One-hundred twenty-four gave invalid results on the first attempt (121 NO RESULT-REPEAT TEST and 3 INSTRUMENT ERROR). One-hundred eighteen of the 124 specimens were retested, of which 107 yielded valid results after a single retest. There were $1 7 \mathrm { N P }$ swab specimens with invalid results upon retest which were excluded in the analyses.

# Reproducibility Study

A panel of 10 specimens with varying concentrations of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV was tested on ten different days by three different operators, at each of three sites (10 specimens x 1 time/day x 10 days x 3 operators x 3 sites). One lot of Xpert Flu $^ +$ RSV Xpress Assay cartridges was used at each of the 3 testing sites. The Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay was performed according to the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay procedure. Results are summarized in Table 5-13.

Table 5-13: Summary of Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SampleID</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% TotalAgreementbby Sample</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0p 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(/)9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%( (/9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(88/8))</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SampleFlu A-High Neg</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0%(2/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.0%(6/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0%(2/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0%(1/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0%(5/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.0%( 6/8))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0%(2/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0%(2/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.5%((26/88))</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A-Low Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%(/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9%(89/90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A-Mod Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B-High Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0%(510)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0%(/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0%(2/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0%(1/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.6%5/9))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0%(8/0)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0%(5/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0%(2/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.1%(33/89)b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B-Low Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%(9/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9%(89/90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B-Mod Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV.High Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.0%(6/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.0%(3/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%(6/</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0%(5/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.0%(6/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0%(5/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%(/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3%(3/)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0%(5/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.5%(48/8)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV.Low Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.9%(8/9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%(/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.8%(87/89)c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV.Mod Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(10/10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (90/90)</td></tr></table>

a. Percent of samples yielding expected results – negative for Neg and High Neg samples; positive for Low Pos and Mod Pos samples. b. Seven samples (2 Neg, 2 Flu A High Neg, 1 Flu B High Neg, and 2 RSV High Neg) were indeterminate upon initial and retest. c. One RSV Low Pos sample was inadvertently not tested.

The reproducibility of the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay was also evaluated in terms of the fluorescence signal expressed in Ct values for each target detected. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, between-days, and betweenoperators for each panel member are presented in Table 5-14. One replicate was performed per day per operator, therefore, operator and assay (within-run) precision are confounded.

Table 5-14: Summary of Reproducibility Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AssayChannel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N^ a</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator +Within Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A -High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B -High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B -Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B -Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV -High Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV -Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV -Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr></table>

a. Results with non-zero Ct values out of 90. b. $( \% )$ is contribution of variance component to overall CV.

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay performs comparably to the predicate device for its intended use with inexperienced users in a CLIA waived environment and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.