Focus Diagnostics, Inc.   
Irene Guzman   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11331 Valley View Street   
Cypress, CA 90630

Re: K152408 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct and Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC Dated: August 24, 2015 Received: August 25, 2015

Dear Ms. Guzman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Tamara V. Feldblyum - for T a V. F b

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and   
Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K152408

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650 and Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack REF MOL2660

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650   
The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) RNA in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established with clinical specimens collected during the 2010/2011 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza and H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack REF MOL2660 Focus Diagnostics’ Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct kit. This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applicant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Focus Diagnostics, Inc.11331 Valley View StreetCypress, California 90630USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2023365</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Irene M. Guzmantel 562.240.6133fax 562.240.6530iguzman@focusdx.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Summary Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>August 24, 2015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ Flu AB &amp; RSV Direct and Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSVPositive Control Pack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Generic Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory viral panel nucleic acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC - Respiratory Viral Panel Nucleic Acid Assay SystemOOI - Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 866.3980</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K142365 Simplexa ™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct and Simplexa ™M Flu A/B&amp; RSV Positive Control Pack</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) SUBMISSION PURPOSE

The purpose of this Special 510(k) is to expand the analytical reactivity to add 53 additional strains.

# INTENDED USE

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650

The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) RNA in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established with clinical specimens collected during the 2010/2011 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza and H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay system is a real-time RT-PCR system that enables the direct amplification, detection and differentiation of human influenza A (Flu A) virus RNA, human influenza B (Flu B) virus RNA and RSV RNA from unprocessed nasopharyngeal swabs that have not undergone nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay, the 3M Integrated Cycler (with Integrated Cycler Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct assay, bi-functional fluorescent probe-primers are used together with corresponding reverse primers to amplify Flu A, Flu B, RSV and internal control RNA. The assay provides three results; conserved regions of influenza A viruses (matrix gene), influenza B viruses (matrix gene) and RSV (M gene) are targeted to identify these viruses in the specimen. An RNA internal control is used to detect RT-PCR failure and/or inhibition.

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE

Similarities

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate K142365</td><td>Proposed Product</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct REF MOL2650 The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct assay is intended for use on the 3M Integrated Cycler instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) RNA in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. This test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Performance characteristics for influenza A were established with clinical specimens collected during the 2010/2011 influenza season when 2009 H1N1 influenza and H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens. Simplexa ™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Positive Control Pack REFMOL2660 Focus Diagnostics&#x27; Simplexa ™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa ™m Flu</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary

Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650   
Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Positive Control Pack REF MOL2660   
Prepared Date: September 18, 2015   
Page 3 of 7

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate K142365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Product</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct assay system is a real-time RT-PCR system that enables the direct amplification,detection and differentiation of human influenza A (Flu A) virusRNA, human influenza B (Flu B) virus RNA and RSV RNÁ fromunprocessed nasopharyngeal swabs that have not undergonenucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa ™Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct assay, the 3M Integrated Cycler (withIntegrated Cycler Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Discand associated accessories.In the Simplexa™ Flu A/B &amp; RSV Direct assay, bi-functionalfluorescent probe-primers are used together with correspondingreverse primers to amplify Flu A, Flu B, RSV and internal controlRNA. The assay provides three results; conserved regions ofinfluenza A viruses (matrix gene), influenza B viruses (matrixgene) and RSV (M gene) are targeted to identify these viruses inthe specimen. An RNÁ internal control is used to detect RT-PCR failure and/or inhibition.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3M Integrated Cycler</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unprocessed nasopharyngeal swabs that have not undergonenucleic acid extraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AViral Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Well conserved region of the matrix gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BViral Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Well conserved region of the matrix gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RespiratorySyncytialViral Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td>Add 53 additional</td><td>Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td>influenza strains to Analytical Reactivity. Thirty-seven (37) Strains of Influenza A Nine (9) Strains of Influenza B Seven (7) strains of RSV</td><td>Fifty (53) additional influenza strains were tested and included in the analytical reactivity table. Influenza A (37 Strains) (H1N1) pdm09 - A/California/4/2009, (H1N1) pdm09 - A/Massachusetts/15/2013, (H1N1) pdm09 - A/Mexico/4108/2009, (H1N1) pdm09 - A/New York/18/2009, H1N1 - A/Hawaii/15/2001, H2N2 - A/Japan/305/57, H3N2 - A/California/02/2014, H3N2 - A/New York/55/2004, H3N2 - A/Rhode Island/01/2010, H3N2 - A/Santiago/7981/2006, H3N2 - A/Switzerland/9715293/2013, H5N1 - A/Egypt/N03072/2010(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG29, H5N1 - A/Hubei/1/2010(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG30, H5N1 - A/India/NIV/2006(H5N1)-PR8-IBCDC-RG7, H9N2 - A/Hong Kong/33982/2009(H9N2)-PR8-IDCDC_RG26 Avian Influenza A Viruses H1N3 - A/shorebird/Delaware Bay/211/1994, H1N8 - A/red knot/Delaware Bay/240/1994, H3N6 - A/redhead/Alberta/192/2002, H3N8 - A/duck/Chabarovsk/1610/1972, H4N6 - A/duck/Czechoslovakia/1956, H4N6 - A/red knot/Delaware/541/1988, H5N1 - A/chicken/Vietnam/NCVD-016/2008(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG12, H5N2 - A/pheasant/New Jersey/1355/1998(H5N2)-PR8-IBCDC-4, H6N2 - A/turkey/Massachusetts/3740/1965,</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL AGREEMENT – PROSPECTIVE STUDY

No Change. Refer to K142365.

CLINICAL AGREEMENT – RETROSPECTIVE STUDY

No Change. Refer to K142365.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

No Change. Refer to K142365.

ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY / LIMIT OF DETECTION

No Change. Refer to K142365.

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY/ CROSS REACTIVITY

# Analytical Reactivity - Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct

Multiple strains of influenza A (H1, H2, H3, H5 and H9 subtypes), avian influenza A (H1, H3, H4, H5, H6, H7, H10, H11, H12, H13 and H16 subtypes), swine influenza A (H1 and H3 subtypes), influenza B (Victoria and Yamagata lineages) and RSV (A subtypes) were evaluated. The most recent strains and geographically diverse strains were chosen. Quantified viral material was spiked into negative swab matrix at a single dilution at the concentrations below. Each was assayed in triplicate. The Ct values obtained indicate all viral strains were detected at the concentrations tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Influenza A Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/4/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Massachusetts/15/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 CEID50/mL²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID50/mL²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New York/18/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID50/mL²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H2N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Japan/305/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26E-01 ng/μL³3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/02/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New York/55/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5/mL²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Rhode Island/01/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 CEID5o/mL²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Santiago/7981/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Switzerland/9715293/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 CEID5o/mL²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AEgypt/N03072/2010(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,0004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hubei/1/2010(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,0004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/India/NIV/2006(H5N1)-PR8-IBCDC-RG7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,0004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H9N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/33982/2009(H9N2)-PR8-IDCDC_RG26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr></table>

1 Infectious Units/mL $^ 2 C E | \mathsf { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ : Chicken Embryo Infectious Dose 3 1xTE was used for dilution. Japan/305/57 (H2N2) is purified RNA, not virus like the rest of the panel. 4 Inactivated virus was diluted and tested $\bar { \mathsf { \Pi } } \mathsf { E l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ : Egg Infectious Dose

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Avian Influenza A Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/shorebird/Delaware Bay/211/1994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/red knot/Delaware Bay/240/1994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/redhead/Alberta/192/2002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/duck/Chabarovsk/1610/1972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H4N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/duck/Czechoslovakia/1956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID50/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H4N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/red knot/Delaware/541/1988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID50/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/Vietnam/NCVD-016/2008(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/pheasant/New Jersey/1355/1998(H5N2)-PR8-IBCDC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,0002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary

Prepared Date: September 18, 2015   
Page 6 of 7

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Avian Influenza A Viruses (Continued)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H6N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/turkey/Massachusetts/3740/1965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H7N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/turkey/Virginia/4529/2002 (H7N2)xPR8-IBCDC-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,0002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H7N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/mallard/Netherlands/12/2000(H7N7)/PR8-IBCDC-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,0002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H10N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/mallard/Wisconsin/4230/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H10N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/Germany/N/49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEIDso/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H10N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/mallard/Ilinois/100S4334/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H10N8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/quail/Italy/1117/1965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H11N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/American green-winged teal/Mississippi/300/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID50/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H12N5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/mallard/Wisconsin/4218/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H12N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/duck/Wisconsin/480/1979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H13N6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ablack-legged kittiwake/Quebec/02838-1/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H16N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/shorebird/Delaware/172/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr></table>

. $C E \mathsf { I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ : Chicken Embryo Infectious Dose 2 Inactivated virus was diluted and tested NOTE: Although this test has been shown to detect novel avian influenza A (H7N9) and H3N2v cultured viruses, the performance characteristics of this device with clinical specimens that are positive for novel avian influenza A (H7N9) and H3N2v influenza viruses have not been established.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Swine Influenza A Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/swine/Ohio/09SW1477/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/swine/Ohio/09SW83E/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Detected</td></tr></table>

1 CEID50/mL: Chicken Embryo Infectious Dose

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Influenza B Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/33/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 CEID50/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/02/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Victoria/304/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Christchurch/33/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Guangdong-Liwan/1133/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 CEIDo/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 IU/mL²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Utah/9/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 CEID5o/mL1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Detected</td></tr></table>

$V _ { \mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } }$ : Chicken Embryo Infectious Dose 2 Infectious Units/mL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC-2012-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 PFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A 1997/12-35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCIDso/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A 1998/12-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A 1998/3-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A 2000/3-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A 2001/2-20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A 2001/3-12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 TCIDso/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Detected</td></tr></table>

# CROSS REACTIVITY (Analytical Specificity)

No Change. Refer to K142365.

# INTERFERENCE

No Change. Refer to K142365.

# COMPETITIVE INTERFERENCE

No Change. Refer to K142365.

# INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

No Change. Refer to K142365.

# ADDITIONAL PERFORMANCE STUDIES

Please refer to the previously FDA cleared 510(k) K142365 for additional information.

# CONCLUSION

Fifty-three strains met the established acceptance criteria and passed validation testing. Analytical Reactivity will be expanded to add 53 additional strains.