BECTON, DICKINSON AND COMPANY   
LAURA STEWART   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST   
7 LOVETON CIRCLE   
SPARKS MD 21152-0999

Re: K152516 Trade/Device Name: BD BBL Sensi-disc Ceftazidime Avibactam (30/20ug), Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Disks Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1620 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test disc Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JTN Dated: September 1, 2015 Received: September 3, 2015

Dear Ms. Stewart:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.For Director Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

20   
  

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

20 20 20   
  
  

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Complicated Intra-abdominal Infections (cIAl)</td><td>Complicated Urinary Tract Infections (cUTi), including Pyelonephritis</td></tr><tr><td>Gram-negative Microorganisms</td><td>Gram-negative Microorganisms</td></tr><tr><td>Escherichia coli</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td>Citrobacter freundii</td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td>Citrobacter koseri</td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella oxytoca Proteus mirabilis</td><td>Escherichia coli</td></tr><tr><td>Providencia stuartii</td><td>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td>Enterobacter aerogenes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Enterobacter cloacae Proteus spp.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td>Active In Vitro Against:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Gram-negative Microorganisms</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Morganella morganii</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Providencia rettgeri</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Serratia marcescens</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

  
20 20 20 20 20 20 20   
20 20

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SUBMITTED BY:

Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152   
Phone 410-316-4435   
Fax: 410-316-4188

# CONTACT NAME:

Laura Stewart, Regulatory Affairs Specialist

DATE PREPARED:

September 1, 2015

DEVICE TRADE NAME:

BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ , Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Discs

DEVICE COMMON NAME:

Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Discs

DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:

21 CFR§866.1620, Class II (Product Code JTN), Susceptibility Test Discs, Antimicrobial

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

Other BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ (e.g., Ciprofloxacin $5 \mu \ g$ , BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™)

# INTENDED USE:

Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Discs are used for semi-quantitative in vitro susceptibility testing by standardized agar diffusion test procedures. BD BBL™ SensiDisc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ is intended for use in determining the susceptibility to Ceftazidime avibactam of a wide range of bacteria, as described in the “Indications for Use” section. Zone sizes used for interpretation of tests, including control organism limits, were determined by the antimicrobic manufacturer and received FDA approval under NDA Number 206494.

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Indications for Use:

Use of BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ for in vitro agar diffusion susceptibility testing is indicated when there is a need to determine the susceptibility of bacteria to Ceftazidime avibactam. The concentration of ${ 3 0 } / { 2 0 } \mu \ g$ has been shown to be active in vitro against most strains of microorganisms listed below, as described in the FDA approved drug insert for this antimicrobic.

# Active In Vitro and in Clinical Infections Against:

Complicated Intra-abdominal   
Infections (cIAI)   
Gram-negative Microorganisms   
Escherichia coli   
Enterobacter cloacae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Proteus mirabilis   
Providencia stuartii   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa Complicated Urinary Tract Infections (cUTI), including Pyelonephritis   
Gram-negative Microorganisms   
Citrobacter freundii   
Citrobacter koseri   
Escherichia coli   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Enterobacter aerogenes   
Enterobacter cloacae   
Proteus spp.   
Klebsiella pneumoniae

# Active In Vitro Against:

Gram-negative Microorganisms   
Morganella morganii   
Providencia rettgeri   
Serratia marcescens

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ ), Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Discs are prepared by impregnating high quality paper with accurately determined amounts of Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ supplied by the drug manufacturer. Each Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ disc is clearly marked on both sides with the agent and drug content. Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ cartridges each contain 50 impregnated discs that are packed as a single cartridge in a single box. Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ discs are used for semi-quantitative in vitro susceptibility evaluations by the agar diffusion test method.

Agar diffusion susceptibility methods employing dried filter paper disks impregnated with specific concentrations of antimicrobial agents were developed in the 1940s. In order to eliminate or minimize variability in the testing, Bauer et al. developed a standardized procedure in which Mueller Hinton Agar was selected as the test medium.

Various regulatory agencies and standards-writing organizations subsequently published standardized reference procedures based on the Bauer-Kirby method. Among the earliest and most widely accepted of these standardized procedures were those published by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the World Health Organization (WHO). The procedure was adopted as a consensus standard by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) [Formerly National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards (NCCLS)] and is periodically updated.

# DEVICE PRINCIPLE:

Discs containing a wide variety of antimicrobial agents are applied to the surface of Mueller Hinton Agar plates [or Haemophilus Test Medium Agar for Haemophilus influenzae or Mueller Hinton Agar with $5 \%$ Sheep Blood for Streptococcus species] inoculated with pure cultures of clinical isolates. Following incubation, the plates are examined and the zones of inhibition surrounding the disks are measured and compared with established zone size ranges for individual antimicrobial agents in order to determine the agent(s) most suitable for use in antimicrobial therapy. The categorical interpretation [susceptible (S), intermediate (I), or resistant (R)] for the organism being tested with the antimicrobial agent is made by comparing zone diameters to those found in the respective organism tables of the FDA drug insert and/or CLSI/NCCLS Document M2 ("Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Disk Susceptibility Tests”) and of CLSI/NCCLS Document M100 ("Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing").

# DEVICE COMPARISON:

The BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g ) ,$ is similar to the BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ciprofloxacin, $5 \mu \ g$ in that:

Both methods are for antimicrobial susceptibility testing using paper discs   
impregnated with an antimicrobial agent.   
Both methods have the same intended use.   
Both methods provide the user with antimicrobic minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) results based on measurements of zone diameters.   
Both methods require the user to determine categorical interpretations (S/I/R) using the measured zone diameters against CLSI/NCCLS Approved Standards M2 and M100.   
Both methods use pure cultures of bacterial isolates.

The BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ differs from the BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ciprofloxacin, $5 \mu \ g$ in that:

BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ is a susceptibility test that uses discs impregnated with the antimicrobics Ceftazidime at a concentration of $3 0 \mu \ g$ and Avibactam at a concentration of $2 0 \mu \ g$ while the BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ciprofloxacin, $5 \mu \ g$ is a susceptibility test that uses discs impregnated with the antimicrobic Ciprofloxacin at a concentration of $5 \mu \ g$ .   
BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ceftazidime avibactam $( 3 0 / 2 0 \mu \ g )$ is a susceptibility test used to test a different battery of microorganisms than the BD BBL™ Sensi-Disc™ Ciprofloxacin, $5 \mu \ g$ .

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TESTING DATA:

See the Ceftazidime avibactam drug package insert, “Microbiology”. Shelf life (stability data) for the drug is being collected and will be maintained on file at BD as indicated in the guidance document.