# June 13, 2016

MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.   
MICHELLE SMITH   
SR. DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND DESIGN ASSURANCE 3471 RIVER HILLS DRIVE   
CINCINNATI OH 45244

Re: K160829 Trade/Device Name: illumi Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay geneillumi Mycoplasma Direct External Controls geneRegulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OZX, OOI Dated: March 24, 2016 Received: March 25, 2016

Dear Ms. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

Steven Gitterman   
Deputy Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name illumi Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay geneillumi Mycoplasma Direct External Controls

Indications for Use (Describe)

The illumi Mycoplasma Direct DNA amplification assay, performed on the illumi ${ \mathbf { \nabla } } _ { l } { \mathbf { \nabla } } O ^ { \mathrm { { T M } } }$ , is a qualitative in vitro gene pro-10diagnostic test for the direct detection of DNA from  in human throat swabs obtained from Mycoplasmapatients suspected of having  infection.

The illumi Mycoplasma Direct assay utilizes loop-mediated isothermal DNA amplification (LAMP) technology to genedetect  by targeting a segment of the  genome.

Results from the illumi Mycoplasma Direct DNA amplification assay should be used in conjunction with clinical presentation, other laboratory findings, and epidemiological risk factors as an aid in the diagnosis of Mycoplasma infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms and negative results in persons with respiratory tract infections may be due to pathogens not detected by this assay. Lower respiratory tract infections due to $M .$ may not be detected by this assay. If lower respiratory tract infection due to $M .$ M. pneumoniae  is suspected, additional laboratory testing using M. pneumoniaemethods other than the illumi Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay may be necessary.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) number: _K160829

Date of Preparation: June 7, 2016

# Owner:

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244 USA Phone: (513) 271-3700 Fax: (513) 272-5213

# Contact:

Primary Contact:   
Michelle L. Smith   
Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs & Design Assurance   
Secondary Contact:   
Susan D. Rolih   
Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Quality Systems

# Trade Name:

illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct External Controls

# Common Name:

Mycoplasma pneumoniae DNA Assay System

# Classification Name:

Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay (21 CFR 866.3980, Product Code OZX, OOI)

Predicate Device:

illumigene Mycoplasma DNA Amplification Assay; Catalog 280550   
K123423, K152800

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

# Device Description:

The illumigene Molecular Diagnostic Test System is comprised of the illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay Test Kit, the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct External Controls Kit, and the illumipro- $\pmb { 1 0 } ^ { \dag \mathtt { M } }$ Automated Isothermal Amplification and Detection System.

The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct molecular assay utilizes loop-mediated amplification (LAMP) technology to detect Mycoplasma pneumoniae in throat swab specimens. The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct kit includes illumigene Sample Preparation Apparatus II/Negative Control III (SMP PREP II), illumigene Mycoplasma Test Devices, and Heat Treatment Tubes. The throat swab is added directly to the SMP PREP II, which contains assay control buffer. Samples processed through SMP PREP II (sample/control mixture) are heat treated to make target and control DNA available for amplification. The heat-treated sample is added to the illumigene Mycoplasma Test Device.

The illumipro-10 heats each illumigene Mycoplasma Test Device containing prepared sample and control material, facilitating amplification of target DNA. When M. pneumoniae is present in the specimen, a 208 base pair (bp) sequence of the M. pneumoniae intracellular protease-like gene is amplified and magnesium pyrophosphate is generated. Magnesium pyrophosphate forms a precipitate in the reaction mixture. The illumipro-10 monitors the absorbance characteristics of the reaction solutions at the assay Run Start (Signal initial, Si) and at the assay Run End (Signal final, $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } }$ ). The illumipro- $\boldsymbol { \mathscr { 1 0 } }$ calculates the change in light transmission between Run End and Run Start $( \mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } ; \mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { i } } )$ and compares the ratio to a fixed cut-off value for disposition of results.

Fixed cut-off values for the TEST chamber are used to report sample results. TEST chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } \mathrm { : } \mathsf { S } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ ratios less than $82 \%$ are reported as ‘POSITIVE’; TEST chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } . \mathsf { S } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ ratios greater than or equal to $82 \%$ are reported as ‘NEGATIVE’. Numerical values are not reported. Fixed cut-off values for the CONTROL chamber are used to determine validity. CONTROL chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } \mathrm { : } \mathsf { S } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ ratios less than $90 \%$ are considered valid and allow for reporting of TEST chamber results (POSITIVE, NEGATIVE). CONTROL chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } \mathrm { : } \mathsf { S } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ ratios greater than or equal to $90 \%$ are considered invalid and prevent reporting of TEST chamber results. Invalid CONTROL chamber reactions are reported as ‘INVALID’. More stringent cut-off criteria are applied to the CONTROL chamber reaction to ensure amplification is not inhibited, reagents are performing as intended and that sample processing was performed appropriately.

The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct External Control Kit contains a Positive Control reagent for use in routine Quality Control testing; the illumigene Sample Preparation Apparatus II/Negative Control III reagent provided with the Mycoplasma Direct Kit serves as the External Negative Control. External Control reagents are provided to aid the user in detection of reagent deterioration, adverse environmental or test conditions, or variance in operator performance that may lead to test errors.

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use:

The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct DNA amplification assay, performed on the illumipro- $1 0 ^ { \mathsf { T M } }$ , is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of DNA from Mycoplasma pneumoniae in human throat swabs obtained from patients suspected of having Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection.

The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay utilizes loop-mediated isothermal DNA amplification (LAMP) technology to detect Mycoplasma pneumoniae by targeting a segment of the Mycoplasma pneumoniae genome.

Results from the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct DNA amplification assay should be used in conjunction with clinical presentation, other laboratory findings, and epidemiological risk factors as an aid in the diagnosis of Mycoplasma infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms and negative results in persons with respiratory tract infections may be due to pathogens not detected by this assay. Lower respiratory tract infections due to M. pneumoniae may not be detected by this assay. If lower respiratory tract infection due to M. pneumoniae is suspected, additional laboratory testing using methods other than the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay may be necessary.

# Predicate Device Comparison:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MODIFIED DEVICEillumigene® Mycoplasma DirectDNA Amplification Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICEillumigene® Mycoplasma DNAAmplification AssayK123423, K152800</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetSequenceDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay targets a 208 base pair (bp)sequence of the Mycoplasma pneumoniaegenome. The target DNA sequence isfound in the intracellular protease-likeprotein gene.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay targets a 208 base pair (bp)sequence of the Mycoplasma pneumoniaegenome. The target DNA sequence is found inthe intracellular protease-like protein gene.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">illumipro-10™m Automated IsothermalAmplification and Detection System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">illumipro-10™m Automated IsothermalAmplification and Detection System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplificationand Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained and automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained and automated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmplificationMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification(LAMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loop-Mediated Isothermal Amplification (LAMP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReadingMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visible Light Transmission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visible Light Transmission</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultsInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated; Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated; Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Less than 60 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Less than 60 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MODIFIED DEVICEillumigene® Mycoplasma DirectDNA Amplification Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE DEVICEillumigeneMycoplasma DNAAmplification AssayK123423, K152800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae M129 strain: 200 CFU/mLM. pneumoniae FH strain: 2350 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae M129 strain: 200 CFU/mLM. pneumoniae FH strain: 2350 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplied as a kit; 50 tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplied as a kit; 50 tests per kit.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MODIFIED DEVICEillumigene® Mycoplasma DirectDNA Amplification Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICEillumigene® MycoplasmaDNA Amplification AssayK123423, K152800</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct DNAamplification assay, performed on theillumipro-10™, is a qualitative in vitrodiagnostic test for the direct detection of DNAfrom Mycoplasma pneumoniae in humanthroat swabs obtained from patientssuspected of having Mycoplasmapneumoniae infection.The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assayutilizes  loop-mediated isothermal  DNAamplification (LAMP) technology to detectMycoplasmaa pneumoniae by targeting asegment of the Mycoplasma pneumoniaegenome.Results from the illumigene MycoplasmaDirect DNA amplification assay should beused in conjunction with clinical presentation,other laboratory findings, and epidemiologicalrisk factors as an aid in the diagnosis ofMycoplasma infection and should not beused as the sole basis for treatment or otherpatient management. Positive results do notrule out co-infection with other organisms andnegative results in persons with respiratorytract infections may be due to pathogens notdetected by this assay.Lower respiratorytract infections due to M. pneumoniae maynot be detected by this assay.If lowerrespiratorytract infection due to M.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The illumigene Mycoplasma DNA amplificationassay, performed on the illumipro-10™, is aqualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the directdetection of DNA from Mycoplasma pneumoniaein human throat and nasopharyngeal swabsobtained from patients suspected of havingMycoplasma pneumoniae infection.The illumigene Mycoplasma assay utilizes loop-mediated isothermal DNA amplification (LAMP)technology to detect Mycoplasma pneumoniaeby targeting a segment of the Mycoplasmapneumoniae genome.Results from the illumigene Mycoplasma DNAamplification assayshould be used  inconjunction with clinical presentation, otherlaboratory findings, and epidemiological riskfactors as an aid in the diagnosis of Mycoplasmainfection and should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or other patient management.Positive results do not rule out co-infection withother organisms and negative results in personswith respiratory tract infections may be due topathogens not detected by this assay.Lowerrespiratory tract infections due to M. pneumoniaemay not be detected by this assay. If lowerrespiratory tract infection due to M. pneumoniaeis suspected, additional laboratory testing usingmethods other than the illumigene MycoplasmaDNA Amplification Assay may be necessary.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MODIFIED DEVICEillumigene® Mycoplasma DirectDNA Amplification Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICEillumigene® MycoplasmaDNA Amplification AssayK123423, K152800</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pneumoniae  is suspected,  additionallaboratory testing using methods other thanthe illumigene Mycoplasma Direct DNAAmplification Assay may be necessary.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">illumigene Mycoplasma is intended for use inhospital, reference or state laboratory settings.The device is not intended for point-of-care use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human throat swab specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human throat swab and nasopharyngeal swabspecimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rayon, Flocked Nylon, or Polyester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotton, Foam, Flocked Nylon, Polyester orRayon</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TransportMedia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport medium on pledget: Liquid Amieswithout charcoal or Liquid Stuart</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85% saline, M4, M4-RT, M5, UTM-RT, orLiquid Amies without charcoal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All reagents for sample processing includedwithin the kit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual purification/extraction using Qiagen®DSP DNA Minikit, Catalog Number 61304,required.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents/Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">illumigene Mycoplasma Test Deviceillumigene Sample PreparationApparatus II/ Negative ControlI IIIillumigene Heat Treatment Tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">illumigene Mycoplasma Test Deviceillumigene Assay Control IIillumigene Reaction Buffer IIScrew-top Microcentrifuge Tubes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-27 C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

# NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# Analytical Performance:

# Precision/Reproducibility:

Blind-coded panels of 10 samples were supplied to three independent laboratories for reproducibility studies. Samples were randomly sorted within each panel to mask sample identities. The panels included contrived manufactured as low positive samples (near the limit of detect, $\mathsf { n } = 3$ ), moderate positive samples $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 3 )$ , and high negative samples $\scriptstyle ( 1 = 3 )$ . The panel also included one natural negative sample. Testing was performed by different operators at each site on the same day (intra-assay variability) for five days (inter-assay variability). Three lots of illumigene Mycoplasma Direct and eight illumipro- $\boldsymbol { \mathscr { 1 0 } }$ instruments were used in the study. Positive and Negative Controls were tested with each panel. The results are provided in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Detection Limit:

Analytical Sensitivity studies were designed to verify the analytical limit of detection (LoD) of Mycoplasma pneumoniae with the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration of analyte $( \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ that can be distinguished from negative samples with a high degree of probability $( 9 5 \% )$ . Two strains of M. pneumoniae (M129 and FH) diluted in a simulated negative throat swab matrix were used to establish the LoD with three kit lots of illumigene Mycoplasma Direct. A minimum of three dilutions near the expected LoD in twenty (20) individually prepared replicates were evaluated for each M. pneumoniae strain. The overall confirmed analytical LoD by M. pneumoniae strain for illumigene Mycoplasma Direct is summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae FH(ATCC 15531)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2350</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae M129(ATCC 29342)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr></table>

The following M. pneumoniae strains were tested with illumigene Mycoplasma and produced positive reactions at or below stated assay limit of detect of 2350 CFU/mL:PI 1428 (ATCC 29085), MAC (ATCC 15492), M52 (ATCC 15293), Bru (ATCC 15377), M129-B170 (ATCC 29343), Mutant 22 (ATCC 39505) UAB 55612, UAB 56317, UMTB-10G (ATCC 49899). Testing demonstrated that both Type 1 and Type 2 strains are detected with the assay. The same reactivity is expected with the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity:

# Interference Testing:

Potentially interfering substances were tested with simulated negative and contrived low positive (M. pneumoniae strains $\mathsf { M } \mathsf { 1 } \mathsf { 2 9 }$ and FH) samples. The following substances, at the saturated solvent/diluent concentrations indicated, do not interfere with illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay:

Acetaminophen $( 1 8 . 1 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ , Albuterol Sulfate $( 2 0 \ m g / \mathrm { m L } )$ , Aspirin $( 9 . 1 \ \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ , Azithromycin dehydrate (2.0 $\mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ , Cepacol® Mouthwash [Alcohol ( $1 . 4 \%$ v/v), Cetylpyridinium chloride $( 0 . 0 0 5 \% \ \mathsf { v } / \mathsf { v } ) ]$ , Contac® Cold $^ +$ Flu Tablets [Acetaminophen ( $1 4 . 8 \ : \mathrm { \ m g / m L }$ ), Chlorpheniramine maleate $( 0 . 0 6 ~ \mathrm { \ m g / m L }$ ), Phenylephrine HCl (0.15 mg/mL)], Diphenhydramine HCl $( 2 . 6 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ , Erythromycin $( 2 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ ), HALL $\mathtt { S @ }$ Cough Drops [Menthol (0.06 $\mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { m L } ) ]$ , Ibuprofen $( 1 2 . 7 \mathrm { \ m g / m L } )$ ), Phenylephrine HCl $( 0 . 5 9 5 \mathrm { \ m g / m L }$ ), Prednisone $( 2 0 . 0 \ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ ), Robitussin $\textcircled{8}$ Cough+Chest Congestion Cough Syrup [Dextromethorphan HBr $( 0 . 2 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ , Guaifenesin $( 2 . 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / m L ) l }$ , Saline Nasal Spray [Sodium chloride $( 0 . 6 5 \mathrm { m g / m L } ) ]$ , Mucus $( 5 . 0 \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ , and White Blood Cells $( 0 . 5 \%$ v/v).

Whole blood was found to produce invalid results at concentrations greater than $2 \%$ .

Phenylephrine HCl at concentrations greater than $0 . 5 9 5 \mathrm { \ m g / m L }$ may produce false negative results with low positive samples.

Robitussin® Cough+Congestion Cough Syrup initially produced $1 / 3$ invalid results with Positive Sample P2 that produced acceptable results during repeat testing ( $1 / 1$ positive). Robitussin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cough+Congestion Cough Syrup is not considered an interferent.

# Cross-Reactivity Study:

Crossreactivity studies were previously performed with the illumigene Mycoplasma DNA Amplification assay. P ositive and negative specimens inoculated with potentially interfering bacterial or fungal organisms to minimum final concentrations of $\dot { 1 } . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ . Viruses were tested at concentrations greater than $1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { T C } | \mathsf { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ or $1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies/mL. Human DNA was tested at 2.0 ng/test with no crossreactivity observed. Positive specimens contained M. pneumoniae concentrations near the limit of detection. None of the following organisms or materials were identified as crossreactive or interfering in the illumigene Mycoplasma assay:

Acinetobacter baumannii, Acinetobacter calcoaceticus, Actinomyces odontolyticus, Bacillus subtilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Bordetella parapertussis, Bordetella pertussis, Burkholderia cepacia, Candida albicans, Candida glabrata, Candida parapsilosis, Chlamydia pneumoniae, Citrobacter freundii, Clostridium difficile, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, Enterobacter cloacae, Enterococcus faecalis, Escherichia coli, Escherichia coli (ESBL), Fusobacterium nucleatum, Haemophilus ducreyi, Haemophilus influenzae, Haemophilus parainfluenzae, Helicobacter pylori, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella pneumoniae (KPC), Legionella pneumophila, Listeria monocytogenes, Moraxella catarrhalis, Mycoplasma genitalium, Mycoplasma hominis, Neisseria cinerea, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, Neisseria meningitidis, Nocardia asteroides, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius, Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Salmonella paratyphi (Group A), Salmonella typhimurium (Group B), Serratia liquefaciens, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Streptococcus agalactiae (Group B), Streptococcus anginosus (Group F), Streptococcus bovis (Group D), Streptococcus canis (Group G), Streptococcus equisimilis, Streptococcus mitis, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus salivarius, Ureaplasma urealyticum, Adenovirus, Coronavirus, Coxsackievirus, Cytomegalovirus, Epstein Barr virus, Herpes simplex virus 1, Herpes simplex virus 2, Human metapneumovirus, Influenza A, Influenza B, Parainfluenza virus 1, Parainfluenza virus 2, Parainfluenza virus 3, Respiratory syncytial virus A, Respiratory syncytial virus B, Rhinovirus, Human DNA.

No crossreactivity is expected with the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

# Assay cut-off:

The illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay is manufactured with fixed cut-off values. The product is designed with a pre-selected cut-off value and amplification reagent concentrations are optimized to ensure appropriate reactions are obtained. Development optimization includes evaluation of characterized positive and negative clinical specimens. Amplification reagent concentrations are adjusted during design as needed to ensure illumigene results are aligned with clinical specimen reported results.

Cut-off values applied in the following manner:

The illumipro- $\pmb { 1 0 } ^ { \dag \mathrm { { m } } }$ calculates the ratio of the Run End (Signal final or $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } }$ ) reads with the Run Start (Signal initial or Si) reads and compares the ratio to an established cut-off value. The illumipro-10 performs this ratio calculation to both the TEST chamber and the CONTROL chamber.

Fixed cut-off values for the CONTROL chamber are used to determine validity. CONTROL chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } \mathrm { : } \mathsf { S } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ ratios less than $90 \%$ are considered valid and allow for reporting of TEST chamber results (POSITIVE, NEGATIVE). CONTROL chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } . \mathsf { S } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ ratios greater than or equal to $90 \%$ are considered invalid. Results are reported as ‘INVALID’; Test chamber results are not reported. More stringent cut-off criteria are applied to the Control chamber reaction to ensure amplification is not inhibited, reagents are performing as intended and that sample processing was performed appropriately.

Fixed cut-off values for the TEST chamber are used to report sample results. TEST chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } \mathrm { : } \mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { i } }$ ratios less than $82 \%$ are reported as ‘POSITIVE’; TEST chamber $\mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { f } } \mathrm { : } \mathsf { S } _ { \mathsf { i } }$ ratios greater than or equal to $82 \%$ are reported as ‘NEGATIVE’. Numerical values are not reported.

# CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# Clinical Studies:

The performance characteristics of the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay were established in clinical studies conducted in 2015-2016 at independent clinical test sites representing three geographically distinct regions throughout the United States. Performance characteristics of the assay were compared to a reference molecular in vitro diagnostic method, the illumigene Mycoplasma DNA Amplification Assay (Meridian Bioscience, Inc., Cincinnati, OH). A total of 458 prospective, deidentified, throat swab specimens collected under informed consent from symptomatic male and female patients were evaluated. Two samples $( 0 . 4 \% )$ were excluded from the clinical sample population due to an instrument error during testing (1) or an unacceptable sample type (1) for a total of 456 eligible samples for analysis. There were no invalid results generated by the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay during the clinical study $( 0 . 0 \%$ ; $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 0 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 0 . 8 \%$ ). Performance characteristics of the illumigene Mycoplasma Direct assay are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>illumigene Mycoplasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>illumigene Mycoplasma Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>421</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>456</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80.5 - 99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>421/431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.8 - 98.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445/456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.7 - 98.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.0 - 0.8%</td></tr></table>

a 4/10 samples were identified positive by illumigene Mycoplasma after testing with an additional frozen sample. b Repeat testing by illumigene Mycoplasma with the original patient sample and an additional frozen sample produced negative results. CONFIDENTIAL Page 7-8 007_IG Myco Direct_510k Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Meridian</td><td colspan="2">illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA Amplification Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Application Reference:</td><td>Section 1: General Information</td></tr><tr><td>Attachment Description:</td><td>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>Bioscience, Inc. Inspired Science. Trusted Solutions.</td><td>Application Date:</td><td>June 7, 2016</td></tr></table>

The eligible study population included throat swab specimens from pediatric, adult, and geriatric patients ranging in age from 3 weeks to 97 years. There was no difference in assay performance based on patient age. The study population included 230 $( 5 0 . 4 \% )$ female and 226 $( 4 9 . 6 \% )$ male specimens. There was no difference in assay performance based on gender. Prevalence based on patient age is provided below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to 1 Month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Months to 2 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Years to 12 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Years to 21 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Years to 65 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;65 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values:

The incidence of Mycoplasma pneumoniae was established during clinical studies conducted in 2015-2016. The overall prevalence of M. pneumoniae in prospective throat swab specimens was $7 . 5 \%$ (34/456).

# CONCLUSION

The illumigene® Mycoplasma Direct DNA amplification assay, performed on the illumipro- $\pmb { 1 0 } ^ { \dag \mathrm { { m } } }$ , can be used to detect Mycoplasma pneumoniae in human throat swab specimens and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.