HARDY DIAGNOSTICS   
ANDRE HSIUNG   
DIRECTOR TECHNICAL SERVICES   
1430 WEST MCCOU LANE   
SANTA MARIA   
CA 93455

Re: K160512 Trade/Device Name: HardyCHROM ESBL Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1700 Regulation Name: Culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JSO Dated: October 4, 2016 Received: October 11, 2016

Dear Mr. Hsiung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. Hsiung

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

For Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name HardyCHROM ESBL

Indications for Use (Describe)   
HardyCHROM ESBL is a selective and differential chromogenic medium which is intended for the qualitative and presumptive detection from stool specimens of: 1) Enterobacteriaceae that are potentially non-susceptible to ceftazidime and cefpodoxime; and 2) Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producing Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae and Klebsiella oxytoca.

The test is performed on stool specimens from patients at risk of harboring Enterobacteriaceae that are non-susceptible to 3rd generation cephalosporins or ESBL-producing E. coli, K. pneumoniae and K. oxytoca, and is intended as an aid in the detection, identification of colonization and control of these bacteria in a healthcare setting. HardyCHROM ESBL is not intended to diagnose infection or to guide or monitor treatment for infections. Results can be interpreted after incubation for 18-24 hours. Subculture to non-selective medium is required for confirming identification, susceptibility testing and epidemiological typing.

A lack of growth or the absence of pink, blue or yellow/gold colonies on HardyCHROM ESBL does not preclude the presence of Enterobacteriaceae that are non-susceptible to 3rd generation cephalosporins or ESBL producing organisms.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Appendix D - 510(k) Summary

# I. SUBMITTER

Andre Hsiung   
Director of Technical Services   
Hardy Diagnostics   
1430 W. McCoy Lane   
Santa Maria, Ca. 93455   
Phone: 805-346-2766 x5706   
E-mail: HsiungA@hardydiagnostics.com   
II. DEVICE   
Name of Device: HardyCHROM™ ESBL   
Classification Name: Culture medium for anti-microbial susceptibility tests   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: JSO

III. PREDICATE DEVICE Bio Rad VRESelect, K122187

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

According to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Extended Spectrum Beta Lactamases (ESBLs) refer to a variety of enzymes which confer resistance to third generation cephalosporins and monobactams. ESBLs are widespread among Enterobacteriaceae and have no effect on carbapenems or cephamycins. ESBLs are distinguished from AmpC type beta lactamases by their susceptibility to beta lactamase inhibitors such as clavulanic acid.

HardyCHROM™ ESBL is a selective and differential chromogenic medium containing a broad-spectrum beta-lactam intended for detection and isolation of Enterobacteriaceae non-susceptible to 3rd generation cephalosporins. HardyCHROM™ ESBL can also be used as a screening medium for $K .$ . pneumoniae, $K .$ . oxytoca, and $E$ . coli that produce an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL).

The selective components in HardyCHROM™ ESBL are designed to inhibit the growth of yeast, Grampositive bacteria, and Gram-negative bacteria sensitive to broad spectrum beta-lactams $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporins). Chromogenic substrates in the medium allow for differentiation of Enterobacteriaceae non-susceptible to 3rd generation cephalosporins or that are ESBL-producing, as bacteria that can grow and utilize the chromogens produce a colored colony. ESBL-producing Klebsiella spp. produce large, dark blue colonies. ESBL-producing Escherichia coli produce colonies that are rose to magenta in color, with darker pink centers. Other Enterobacteriaceae not susceptible to 3rd generation cephalosporins will produce colonies of varying size that are pink, blue, blue with pink halos, and yellow/gold.

# V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

HardyCHROM™ ESBL is a selective and differential chromogenic medium which is intended for the qualitative and presumptive detection from stool specimens of: 1) Enterobacteriaceae that are potentially non-susceptible to ceftazidime and cefpodoxime; and 2) Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)- producing Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae and Klebsiella oxytoca.

The test is performed on stool specimens from patients at risk of harboring Enterobacteriaceae that are non-susceptible to $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporins or ESBL-producing E. coli, $K .$ pneumoniae and $K .$ . oxytoca, and is intended as an aid in the detection, identification of colonization and control of these bacteria in a healthcare setting. HardyCHROM™ ESBL is not intended to diagnose infection or to guide or monitor treatment for infections. Results can be interpreted after incubation for 18-24 hours.

Subculture to non-selective medium is required for confirming identification, antimicrobial susceptibility testing and epidemiological typing.

A lack of growth or the absence of pink, blue or yellow/gold colonies on HardyCHROM™ ESBL does not preclude the presence of Enterobacteriaceae that are non-susceptible to $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporins or ESBL producing organisms.

NOTE: The Indications for Use statement for HardyCHROM™ ESBL is not identical to the predicate device; however, the differences do not alter the intended use of the device nor do they affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the predicate. Both the subject and predicate devices have the same intended use for screening of stool samples by selective and differential culture for microorganisms that are non-susceptible to antimicrobial agents.

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SubstantiallyEquivalent?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HardyCHROMTM ESBL agar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio Rad VRESelect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Details</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code JSO21 CFR 866.1700&quot;Culture medium for anti-microbialsusceptibility tests&quot;Class IIPanel 83 Microbiology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code JSO21 CFR 866.1700&quot;Culture medium for anti-microbialsusceptibility tests&quot;Class IIPanel 83 Microbiology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HardyCHROMTM ESBL is a selective anddifferential chromogenic medium which isintended for the qualitative and presumptivedetection from stool specimens of: 1)Enterobacteriaceae that are potentially non-susceptible to ceftazidime and cefpodoxime;and 2) Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase(ESBL)-producing Escherichia coli,Klebsiella pneumoniae and Klebsiellaoxytoca.The test is performed on stool specimens frompatients at risk of harboringEnterobacteriaceae that are non-susceptible to3rd generation cephalosporins or ESBL-producing E. coli, K. pneumoniae and K.oxytoca, and is intended as an aid in thedetection, identification of colonization andcontrol of these bacteria in a healthcaresetting. HardyCHROMTM ESBL is notintended to diagnose infection or to guide ormonitor treatment for infections. Results canbe interpreted after incubation for 18-24hours. Subculture to non-selective medium isrequired for confirming identification,antimicrobial susceptibility testing andepidemiological typing.A lack of growth or the absence of pink, blueor yellow/gold colonies on HardyCHROMTMESBL does not preclude the presence ofEnterobacteriaceae that are non-susceptible to3rd generation cephalosporins or ESBLproducing organisms.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VRESelectTM is a selective anddifferential chromogenic medium,containing 8 µg/mL of vancomycin, forthe qualitative detection ofgastrointestinal colonization ofvancomycin resistant Enterococcusfaecium (VREfm) and vancomycinresistant Enterococcus faecalis (VREfs)and to aid in the prevention and controlof vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus(VRE) in healthcare settings. The test isperformed on rectal swabs or fecalspecimens from patients to be screenedfor VRE colonization. VRESelectTM isnot intended to diagnose VRE infectionnor to guide or monitor treatment ofinfection. Results can be interpreted after24 to 28 hours incubation. Subculture tonon-selective media (e.g., trypticase soyagar with 5% sheep blood) is needed forsusceptibility testing and epidemiologicaltyping.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic - Chromogenic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic - Chromogenic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rectal Swab or Fecal Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual, Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual, Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

# VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

Performance of HardyCHROM™ ESBL was evaluated at three geographically diverse hospitals with fresh stool specimens. The recovery of ESBL-producing $K .$ . pneumoniae, $K .$ . oxytoca, and $E$ . coli on HardyCHROM™ ESBL was compared to routine culture, defined as the selective enrichment of microorganisms in Tryptic Soy Broth (TSB) containing either $1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ceftazidime or $1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ cefotaxime, followed by subculture to MacConkey Agar. Organisms that grew on MacConkey Agar were identified using an FDA-cleared ID system. Quality control was performed in parallel every day of testing. Results from days of QC failure were excluded from the analysis.

Confirmation of ESBL production and $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptibility was performed using traditional Kirby-Bauer AST following the device manufacturer’s instructions. ID of organisms that grew on HardyCHROM™ ESBL was confirmed using an FDA-cleared ID system.

A total of 1,687 samples were tested against routine culture, 128 specimens did not meet enrollment criteria, and were therefore excluded from the analysis. Of the remaining 1,559 valid samples tested, a total of 166 isolates were recovered on HardyCHROM™ ESBL as ESBL-producing with concordant results obtained on traditional culture and confirmed by AST and ID. A total of 373 isolates were recovered on HardyCHROM™ ESBL as non-susceptible to $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporins with concordant results obtained on traditional culture and confirmed by AST and ID.

Product performance with prospectively collected clinical samples is summarized below:

# HardyCHROM™ ESBL for use in confirming the presence of ${ \boldsymbol { 3 } } ^ { \mathbf { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin nonsusceptible Enterobacteriaceae vs. confirmation of $\hat { \mathbf { 3 } } ^ { \mathbf { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptible Enterobacteriaceae from traditional culture

Morphology vs. Confirmed Non-Susceptible $1 8 \mathrm { { h r } ^ { 1 } }$   

<table><tr><td>Site</td><td>TP</td><td>FP</td><td>FN</td><td>TN</td><td>% Sensitivity</td><td>95% CI</td><td></td><td>% Specificity</td><td>95% CI</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>85</td><td>15</td><td>9</td><td>526</td><td>90.4</td><td>82.8</td><td>94.9</td><td>97.2</td><td>95.5</td><td>98.3</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>71</td><td>25</td><td>6</td><td>678</td><td>92.2</td><td>84.0</td><td>96.4</td><td>96.4</td><td>94.8</td><td>97.6</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>217</td><td>53</td><td>22</td><td>638</td><td>90.8</td><td>86.5</td><td>93.8</td><td>92.3</td><td>90.1</td><td>94.1</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>373</td><td>93</td><td>37</td><td>1842</td><td>91.0</td><td>87.8</td><td>93.4</td><td>95.2</td><td>94.1</td><td>96.1</td></tr></table>

1 The same performance was observed at 18 and 24 hours

# HardyCHROM™ ESBL used to screen for ESBL-producing K. oxytoca, K. pneumoniae, and E. coli vs. confirmation of ESBL-resistance from traditional culture

Morphology vs. Confirmed ESBL $1 8 \mathrm { { h r } ^ { 1 } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>564</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5</td></tr></table>

1 The same performance was observed at 18 and 24 hours

To supplement testing of prospectively collected clinical specimens, a total of 50 contrived specimens were also evaluated. Patient specimens were inoculated with known resistant (ESBL producing or nonsusceptible to third generation cephalosporin) organisms at LoD and tested against routine culture. Results are summarized below.

Contrived Specimen Morphology vs. Ref. NS 18 hr1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance Metric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall(n=53)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/4897.9%(89.1% - 99.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/560.0%(23.1% - 88.2%)</td></tr></table>

The same performance was observed at 18 hr and 24 hr

Contrived Specimen Morphology vs. ESBL Ref $1 8 \mathrm { { h r } ^ { 1 } }$   

<table><tr><td>Performance Metric</td><td>&quot;EC&quot; Pink</td><td>KP/KO&quot; Blue</td></tr><tr><td>PPA</td><td>19/19 100% (83.1% - 100%)</td><td>26/26 100% (87.1% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td>NPA</td><td>31/34 91.2% (77.0% - 97.0%)</td><td>25/27 92.6% (76.6% - 97.9%)</td></tr></table>

1 The same performance was observed at 18 hr and $2 4 \mathrm { h r }$

# RECOVERY RATE

HardyCHROM™ ESBL was evaluated to determine the recovery (limit of detection (LoD)) of $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptible Enterobacteriaceae in specimen matrix. One isolate of five representative genera of Enterobacteriaceae with ceftazidime MIC’s varying between $1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and $> 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and cefotaxime MICs varying between $1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and ${ \ > } 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ were evaluated for recovery on HardyCHROM™ ESBL. Sheep Blood Agar (BAP) plates were used to determine the concentration of organisms present in each dilution. At $1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ , there was no discernable difference in recovery. Variable recovery was seen at lower concentrations.

In addition, HardyCHROM™ ESBL was also evaluated to determine the recovery of ESBL-producing $E$ coli, K. oxytoca, and $K .$ . pneumoniae in stool specimen matrix. Two strains of each species with varying ceftazidime MIC values and different $\beta$ -lactamase genotype were evaluated for recovery on HardyCHROM™ ESBL. Sheep Blood Agar (BAP) plates were used to determine the concentration of organisms present in each dilution. At $1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of stool (10 CFU/plate when using a $1 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ inoculating loop), there was no discernable difference in recovery. Variable recovery was seen at lower concentrations.

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY

Internal testing was performed using 54 characterized ESBL-producing strains of $E$ . coli, $K .$ . pneumoniae and K. oxytoca with confirmed ESBL phenotype that were associated with various $\beta$ -lactamase genotypes. The strains were tested using a clean suspension in the absence of stool matrix.

HardyCHROM™ ESBL was able to recover 54 of 54 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ of the ESBL-producing strains after 24 hours of incubation. Some strains containing enzymes such as CTX-M-116 and CTX-M-130 are more susceptible to the selective agent in the medium and were recovered on HardyCHROM™ ESBL at an inoculum of 100 CFU/plate; all other strains were recovered from an inoculum of 10 CFU/plate.

Summary of Analytical Sensitivity Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mechanism</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEM (6, 12, 19, 21, 29, 210, 214, 215), CTX-M (1, 2, 3, 8, 14,15, 24, 27, 28, 40, 55, 75, 79, 116, 125, 130), TEM-OSBL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHV ( 2, 11, 14, 18, 31, 55, 83, 89, 90, 108, 120, 133, 173,178, 179, 180, 182), TEM (4, 11, 129), CTX-M (12, 14, 15,22, 38, 40, 64, 74, 124), VEB-1, SHV-OSBL, TEM-OSBL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEM (, 52), CTX-M (22, 30, 75), SHV (7, 12), DHA-1</td></tr></table>

Note: 53/54 strains $( 9 8 . 1 \% )$ were also non-susceptible to at least one ${ \overline { { 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } } } } }$ generation cephalosporin and produced results on HardyCHROM™ ESBL that were consistent with this phenotype

In addition, 21 strains representative of Citrobacter, Enterobacter, Escherichia, Hafnia, Klebsiella Morganella, Proteus, Providencia, Raoultella, Serratia, and Shigella that were non-susceptible to at least one $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin. Organisms showed a range of MICs to each antibiotic: CAZ $2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ to $> 3 2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ), CTX $( 0 . 3 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ to ${ > } 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ), and CPD disk zone sizes ( $\left( 6 { - } 2 7 \thinspace \mathrm { m m } \right)$ ). The strains were tested using a clean suspension containing an inoculum of approximately 10 CFU/plate HardyCHROM™ ESBL was able to recover 21 of 21 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ of the $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin nonsusceptible strains after 24 hours of incubation, although only 15 of 21 $( 7 1 . 4 \% )$ showed Pink, Blue, or Yellow/Gold color development. Non-susceptible isolates of Cronobacter, Salmonella, and Yersinia were not evaluated.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY

To determine the potential for cross-reactivity on HardyCHROM™ ESBL, internal testing was conducted with ESBL non-producing and $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin susceptible species as well as nonEnterobacteriaceae. A total of 99 strains were tested by plating $1 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of a $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ suspension of each organism on HardyCHROM™ ESBL. Included in the study were 52 strains of Enterobacteriaceae and 47 non-Enterobacteriaceae. The majority of non-Enterobacteriaceae species did not grow on HardyCHROM™ ESBL medium and none exhibited pink, blue or yellow/gold colonies. Of the Enterobacteriaceae, 45/45 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ of those that were $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptible either did not grow on HardyCHROM™ ESBL or produced colony colors other than pink, blue or yellow/gold. Four strains (1 each of $C .$ . braakii, $C .$ . freundii, $E .$ . cloacae and Y. kristensenii) that were non-susceptible to cefpodoxime were not recovered on HardyCHROM™ ESBL. Three carbapenem resistant and $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptible strains ( $E$ . coli (1) and $K .$ . pneumoniae (2)) produced pink or blue colonies, as expected (1 of these strains was ESBL negative; 2 were ESBL non-determinable).

Because non-ESBL producing organisms that are carbapenem resistant or which exhibit other betalactamase resistance mechanisms such as AmpC may produce pink, blue or yellow/gold colonies on HardyCHROM™ ESBL, it is important to subculture such colonies for identification and antimicrobial susceptibility testing to confirm the ESBL-producing phenotype.

# MICROBIAL INTERFERENCE

A study was conducted using known concentrations of ESBL-producing $K .$ pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, and E. coli with 10 non-target organisms that grow, but which exhibit non-target colors on HardyCHROM™ ESBL. Suspensions of non-ESBL organisms were prepared at a concentration of at least $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ and mixed with suspensions of ESBL strains at the detection limit concentration $( 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ .

HardyCHROM™ ESBL recovered all target organisms used in the presence of high concentrations of non-target organisms, although the number of colonies of $E .$ . coli recovered was reduced in the presence of high concentrations of A. baumannii and colonies of $K .$ . pneumoniae appeared unusually small in the presence of Pseudomonas fluorescens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-target organisms used in mixed-infectionstudy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Geotrichum guilliermondii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Geotrichum candidum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus brasiliensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillium rubens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillium chrysogenum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pediococcus acidilactici</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Provicencia stuartii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas fluorescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td></tr></table>

# INTERFERENCE STUDY

Commonly used or encountered transport devices and endogenous or exogenous substances that may be present in stool samples were evaluated for potential interference with the growth or chromogenic reaction of target organisms on HardyCHROM™ ESBL. The devices and substances tested are listed in the table below. No interference was observed with any substance at the highest clinically relevant concentration in ESBL-negative specimen matrix.

Summary of Interference Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof SSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antifungal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystop (Nystatin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rolaids (Mg(OH)2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antifungal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lotrimin (Clotrimazole)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Milk of Magnesia(Mg(OH)2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antifungal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lotrimin Ultra(ButenafineHydrochloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dulcolax (Sodiumpicosulfate solution)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antifungal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lamisil (TerbinafineHydrochloride 1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immodium AD(Loperamide)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiseptic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bactine (BenzalkoniumChloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiseptic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Petroleum jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biologic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fleet (Glycerin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contraceptive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonoxynol-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KY Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI Medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol (BismuthSubsalicylate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C&amp;S TransportMedium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI Medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prilosec OTC(Omeprazole)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physiological Saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI Medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alka-Seltzer (Sodiumcarbonate/potassiumcarbonate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tween80(Polysorbate80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI Medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mylanta (Al(OH)3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TopicalMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H(Hemorrhoid Cream)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI Medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tums (CaCO3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TopicalMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortizone 10(Hydrocortizone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr></table>

v/v or w/v as appropriate

# SPECIMEN STABILITY

The stability of spiked raw stool and in stool preserved in C&S Medium (modified Cary Blair formula) was verified. Stool specimens were inoculated near LoD with ESBL-producing and $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptible Enterobacteriaceae species (ie. $E .$ . coli, $K .$ oxytoca, $K .$ . pneumoniae, $E$ . cloacae, and $P .$ . mirabilis) and held at both room temperature $( 2 3 - 2 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Specimens were subcultured to HardyCHROM™ ESBL at 0 hours, 1 hours, 2 hours, 4 hours, 8 hours, 12 hours, and 24 hours, 48 hours, 72 hours, 96 hours, 120 hours, 144 hours, and 168 hours.

Acceptable results were defined as recovery of organism with no appreciable decrease in colony counts $( < 1 \log _ { 1 0 }$ decrease from baseline). Target organisms were stable in raw, unpreserved, stool for up to 4 hours at $2 3 { - } 2 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and 7 days at refrigerated temperature $( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ . Target organisms preserved in C&S Medium (modified Cary Blair formula) were stable for 24 hours at $2 3 - 2 4 ^ { \circ }$ Cand 7 days at refrigerated temperature.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Prior to the start of the prospective clinical study, each site tested blinded panels of bacterial suspensions in transport medium on five separate days to evaluate the reproducibility of HardyCHROM™ ESBL. Each panel included duplicate suspensions of $5 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptible strains of Enterobacteriaceae ( $E .$ . coli (2), Enterobacter cloacae (1), Klebsiella pneumoniae (1), and Klebsiella oxytoca (1) at $1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ ) and 5 susceptible strains of bacteria (1 each of $E .$ . coli, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Shigella flexneri and Shigella sonnei at $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ ). Each day of testing, a $1 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ loop of each bacterial suspension was used to inoculate a plate of HardyCHROM™ ESBL culture medium, which was then incubated for 24 hours at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ prior to being read by 2 independent operators (10 strains $\tt { x } 2$ replicates x 5 days $\tt { x } 2$ operators $_ { \textrm { X 3 } }$ sites $= 6 0 0$ results). With regards to detection of $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin non-susceptible Enterobacteriaceae, the overall PPA for all three sites was $9 8 . 2 \%$ $( 9 5 . 7 \% - 9 9 . 2 \% )$ and the overall NPA was $9 9 . 6 \%$ $9 8 . 0 \% - 9 9 . 9 \%$ ).With regards to ESBL-producing $E .$ . coli, $K .$ . oxytoca, and $K .$ . pneumoniae, the overall PPA for all three sites was $9 8 . 1 \%$ $( 9 5 . 3 \% - 9 9 . 3 \% )$ and the overall NPA was $8 3 . 3 \%$ $7 9 . 0 \% - 8 6 . 9 \% )$ .

Results of the Reproducibility Study at 24 hours for detection of ${ \boldsymbol { 3 } } ^ { \mathbf { r d } }$ generation cephalosporin nonsusceptible producing organisms.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>low95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>high95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>low95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>high95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>521</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td></tr></table>

Expected colony colors: Pink, Blue or Yellow/Gold 1 8 samples at Site 1 (4 from each operator) were excluded due to an error in preparation 2 20 positive and 20 negative samples excluded from analysis due to control failure at Site 3

Results of the Reproducibility Study at 24 hours for detection of ESBL-producing organisms   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>low95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>high95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>low95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>high95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>336</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9</td></tr></table>

Expected colony colors: $E$ . coli: Pink; $K .$ pneumoniae/K. oxytoca: Blue 1 8 samples at Site 1 (4 from each operator) were excluded due to an error in preparation 2 16 positive and 24 negative samples excluded from analysis due to control failure at Site 3 Note: Samples that contained $E$ . cloacae and which exhibited blue colonies on HardyCHROM™ ESBL were considered “false positive” for ESBL-producing $E .$ . coli and $K .$ . pneumoniae/K. oxytoca. If these samples are omitted from the analysis, negative agreement was 279/280 $( 9 9 . 6 \% )$ .

# VIII. CONCLUSIONS

Since the predicate device was cleared based in part on the results of clinical studies, and since the comparison of bench testing to clinical outcomes is still not well understood for this type of device, clinical testing was required to support substantial equivalence. The non-clinical data support the safety of the device and the device verification and validation demonstrate that the HardyCHROM™ ESBL device should perform as intended in the specified use conditions. The analytical and clinical data demonstrate that the HardyCHROM™ ESBL device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.