# October 13, 2016

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc.   
Philip Liu, Ph.D.   
Director, Regulatory Affairs and Compliance 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: K161964 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur® HAV lgM Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 3 3 1 0$ Regulation Name: Hepatitis A virus (HAV) serological assays Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LOL Dated: July 14, 2016 Received: July 18, 2016

Dear Dr. Liu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2 - Philip Liu, Ph.D.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

for Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and   
Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K161964

Device Name ADVIA® Centaur HAV IgM (aHAVM) Assay

Indications for Use (Describe) ADVIA Centaur, ADVIA Centaur XP, and ADVIA Centaur XPT systems:

The ADVIA Centaur® HAV IgM (aHAVM) assay is an in vitro diagnostic immunoassay for the qualitative determination of IgM response to the hepatitis A virus (HAV) in human pediatric (2 through 21 years) and adult serum or plasma (potassium EDTA, lithium or sodium heparinized) using the ADVIA Centaur, ADVIA Centaur XP, and ADVIA Centaur XPT systems. This assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of acute or recent infection (usually 6 months or less) with hepatitis A virus.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, or patients less than 2 years of age.

# ADVIA Centaur CP system:

The ADVIA Centaur® HAV IgM (aHAVM) assay is an in vitro diagnostic immunoassay for the qualitative determination of IgM response to the hepatitis A virus (HAV) in human pediatric (2 through 21 years) and adult serum or plasma (potassium EDTA, lithium or sodium heparinized) using the ADVIA Centaur CP system. This assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of acute or recent infection (usually 6 months or less) with hepatitis A virus.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, or patients less than 2 years of age.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary for the

# ADVIA® Centaur Hepatitis A IgM (aHAVM) Assay

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: K161964

B. Date of Preparation: October 11, 2016

C. Proprietary and Established Names:

ADVIA® Centaur HAV IgM (aHAVM) Assay

# D. Applicant:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc.,   
511 Benedict Ave, Tarrytown, NY 10591   
Philip Liu, Director, Regulatory Affairs and Compliance   
Office: (914) 524-2443   
Fax: (914) 524-3579

# E. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.3310; Hepatitis A virus (HAV) serological assays   
2. Classification: Class II   
3. Product Code: LOL   
4. Panel: Microbiology

# F. Purpose of this Submission

The purpose of this submission is to add the pediatric populations to the Intended Use statement of the ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM assay cleared under k081716 (originally approved under PMA, P040018).

# G. Predicate Device:

The ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Centaur HAV IgM Assay is substantially equivalent to the VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Anti-HAV IgM Reagent Pack cleared under 510(k): k060770

# H. Device Description:

The ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM reagent kit contains the following:

ReadyPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ primary reagent pack containing ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM Lite   
Reagent, Solid Phase Reagent, and Ancillary Well Reagent   
ReadyPack ancillary pack containing ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM Ancillary Reagent   
ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM Low Calibrator   
ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM High Calibrator   
ADVIA Centaur systems HAV IgM Master Curve cards   
ADVIA Centaur systems HAV IgM Calibrator Assigned Value Card

The HAV IgM ReadyPack consists of the following:

# Primary reagent pack

The Lite Reagent is an anti-HAV mouse monoclonal antibody $( \mathsf { F } ( \mathsf { a b } ) _ { 2 }$ fragment; ${ \sim } 0 . 3$ $\mu { \sf g } / { \sf m } \llcorner$ labeled with acridinium ester in buffer with bovine serum albumin,   
surfactant, sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ , and preservatives   
The Solid Phase is streptavidin coated paramagnetic microparticles in buffer with bovine serum albumin, surfactant, sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ , and preservatives The Ancillary Well Reagent is inactivated purified hepatitis A virus $( < 0 . 1 \ | \mathsf { \mu } \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ in buffer with bovine serum albumin, surfactant, sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ , and   
preservatives

# Ancillary pack

The Ancillary Reagent is biotinylated monoclonal mouse anti-human IgM $( \sim 0 . 5 0 0$ $\mu \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ in buffer with bovine serum albumin, mouse IgG, surfactant, sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ , and preservatives

# HAV IgM Calibrators

Processed human plasma negative and positive for anti-HAV IgM antibodies with sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$ and preservatives

I. Intended Use / Indications for Use:

# ADVIA Centaur, ADVIA Centaur XP, and ADVIA Centaur XPT systems:

The ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM (aHAVM) assay is an in vitro diagnostic immunoassay for the qualitative determination of IgM response to the hepatitis A virus (HAV) in human pediatric (2 through 21 years) and adult serum or plasma (potassium EDTA, lithium or sodium heparinized) using the ADVIA Centaur, ADVIA Centaur XP, and ADVIA Centaur XPT systems. This assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of acute or recent infection (usually 6 months or less) with hepatitis A virus.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, or patients less than 2 years of age.

WARNING: This assay has not been FDA cleared or approved for the screening of blood or plasma donors.

United States federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

# ADVIA Centaur CP system:

The ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM (aHAVM) assay is an in vitro diagnostic immunoassay for the qualitative determination of IgM response to the hepatitis A virus (HAV) in human pediatric (2 through 21 years) and adult serum or plasma (potassium EDTA, lithium or sodium heparinized) using the ADVIA Centaur CP system. This assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of acute or recent infection (usually 6 months or less) with hepatitis A virus.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established for immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients, cord blood, or patients less than 2 years of age.

WARNING: This assay has not been FDA cleared or approved for the screening of blood or plasma donors.

United States federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

The assay is being marketed on the ADVIA Centaur instrument family members, ADVIA Centaur, ADVIA Centaur XP, XPT, and ADVIA Centaur CP, following FDA’s Replacement Reagent and Instrument Family Policy (December 11, 2003). Additionally, the ADVIA Centaur XPT system has been reviewed under 510(k) k141999.

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

Both the ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM and the VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products AntiHAV IgM Reagent Pack (cleared under 510(k) k060770) employ prepackaged reagents for use on automated test systems. The Intended Use / Indications for Use, Assay Principle and reagent formulations (use of mouse monoclonal antibodies) are very similar. The major differences between the Device and the Predicate Device are the standardization / traceability and the differences in conjugation of the monoclonal antibodies. A comparison of the important similarities and differences of these assays is shown in the following tables:

# Assay:

Similarities:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device:ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:VITROS Anti-HAV IgM Reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofIgM response to hepatitis A virus(anti-HAV IgM) in human pediatric (2through 21 years) and adult samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofIgM antibodies to hepatitis A virus(anti-HAV IgM) in human adult andpediatric samples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This assay is intended for use as anaid in the diagnosis of acute orrecent infection (usually 6 months orless) with hepatitis A virus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay is indicated for testingspecimens from individuals whohave signs and symptoms consistentwith acute hepatitis. Assay results, inconjunction with other clinicalinformation, may be used for thelaboratory diagnosis of individualswith acute or recent hepatitis A.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgM capture immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device:ADVIA Centaur HAVT Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:VITROS Anti-HAV IgM Reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization /Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cutoff for the ADVIA CentaurHAV IgM assay was verified basedon results of Receiver-Operatorcharacteristics (ROC) Curve andclinical agreement generated fromthe clinical studies.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceable to an in-house referencecalibrator which has been valueassigned to optimize the clinicalsensitivity and specificityperformance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionAntibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-HAVantibody Fab fragments labeled withacridinium ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-HAVantibody labeled with horseradishperoxidase (HRP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal to anti-humanIgM antibody labeled with biotin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal to anti-humanIgM antibody labeled with biotin</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

 None Referenced

# L. Test Principle

The ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM assay is an IgM capture immunoassay using a 2-pass format. In the first pass the sample is diluted using Multi-Diluent 2. After sample dilution biotinylated anti-human IgM monoclonal antibody is added to the cuvette binding IgM from the diluted patient sample. The IgM complex is then captured by the addition of streptavidin coated magnetic latex particles (MLP). The IgM-MLP is washed and resuspended. In the second pass the anti-HAV IgM captured on the Solid Phase is detected by the sequential addition of HAV antigen and acridinium ester-labeled mouse anti-HAV antibody.

# M. Performance Characteristics

The following comparison study was performed to demonstrate that the pediatric and adolescent populations can be used in the ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM assay:

One hundred and thirty-two (132) pediatric serum samples (male and female, age range from 2 to 21 years) from suspected positive or high risk population were evaluated with the ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM assay and another commercially available assay.

The percent agreement (including $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals) of results for reactive and nonreactive samples between the ADVIA Centaur HAVM and comparative assay for the pediatric population is shown in the following table:

Results of Pediatric Population (2 to 21 years) Comparison Study   

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="4">Comparative anti-HAV IgM Assay</td></tr><tr><td>ADVIA Centaur Anti-HAV IGM Assay</td><td>Reactive</td><td>Borderline Reactive</td><td>Non-reactive</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>Reactive</td><td>30</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>30</td></tr><tr><td>Equivocal</td><td>0</td><td>1</td><td>1</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Non-reactive</td><td>1</td><td>2*</td><td>97</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Total:</td><td>31</td><td>3</td><td>98</td><td>132</td></tr></table>

$\%$ Positive Agreement $= 9 0 . 9 \%$ (30/33) $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval $= 7 5 . 6 7 \%$ to $9 8 . 0 8 \%$ $\%$ Negative Agreement $= 9 8 . 9 8 \%$ (97/98) $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interva $= 9 4 . 4 5 \%$ to $9 9 . 9 7 \%$ \* Included in the total number of samples $\scriptstyle ( n = 3 3$ ) in the calculation of % Positive Agreement

The inclusion of pediatric populations in the ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM assay intended use does not necessitate the collection of additional analytical performance data since there was no change to the assay. All performance data are cross-referenced to the original Premarket Approval for the ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM assay on the ADVIA Centaur systems (P040018) and to the clearance in 510(k) number k081716.

Specifically, the following studies are not needed for the purpose of this submission:

 Precision/Reproducibility  Calibrator/Assay Traceability  Calibrator/Assay Stability  Assay Cut-off  Method Comparison  Matrix Comparison  Analytical Sensitivity Analytical Specificity

# N. Conclusions

Comparative testing of the ADVIA Centaur HAV IgM assay with the addition of the pediatric populations is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Predicate Device VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Anti-HAV IgM Reagent Pack cleared under 510(k) number k060770.