# March 28, 2017

BIOMERIEUX, INC.   
JOLYN TENLLADO   
DIRECTOR GLOBAL REGULATORY AFFAIRS MICROBIOLOGY 595 ANGLUM RD.   
HAZELWOOD MO 63042

Re: K161816 Trade/Device Name: BacT/ALERT® VIRTUOTM Microbial Detection System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2560 Regulation Name: Microbial growth monitor Regulatory Class: I Product Code: MDB Dated: February 21, 2017 Received: February 23, 2017

Dear Ms. Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -A

For Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Expiration Date: January 31, 2017</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) Unknown at time of 510(k) Submission

Device Name BacT/ALERT $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ VIRTUO(TM) Microbial Detection System

Indications for Use (Describe)

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ VIRTUO(TM) Microbial Detection System is an automated microbial test system capable of incubating, agitating, and continuously monitoring for the detection of aerobic, facultative, and anaerobic microorganism growth from blood and other normally sterile body fluids.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 1.10

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# BacT/ALERT® VIRTUOTM Microbial Detection System

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jolyn Tenllado   
Director, Global Regulatory Affairs Microbiology 314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
June 30, 2016

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

B. Device Name: Formal/Trade Name:

BacT/ALERT® VIRTUOTM Microbial Detection System

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.2560, Microbial Growth Monitor

Common Name:

BacT/ALERT® VIRTUOTM ; VIRTUOTM

C. Predicate Device:

BacT/ALERT® 3D Microbial Detection System (K903505/A2)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

Intended Use:

BacT/ALERT® VIRTUOTM Microbial Detection System is an automated microbial test system capable of incubating, agitating, and continuously monitoring for the detection of aerobic, facultative, and anaerobic microorganism growth from blood and other normally sterile body fluids.

Device Description:

The VIRTUO Instrument is the next generation of the bioMerieux BacT/ALERT Microbial Detection System. This blood culture instrument consists of an incubator, agitation mechanism, robotic apparatus for automated loading and unloading of bottles and a tactile graphical interface. The VIRTUO is used in conjunction with existing, commercialized BacT/ALERT reagent bottles for clinical use (BacT/ALERT SA, SN, FA Plus, FN Plus and PF Plus culture bottles).

The VIRTUO system utilizes a colorimetric sensor and reflected light to monitor the presence and production of carbon dioxide $( \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } )$ dissolved in the culture medium. If microorganisms are present in the inoculated sample, carbon dioxide is produced as the organisms metabolize the substrates in the culture medium. When growth of the microorganisms produces $\mathsf { C O } _ { 2 }$ , the color of the gas-permeable sensor installed in the bottom of each culture bottle changes from blue-green to yellow. The color change results in an increase of reflectance units monitored by the system. The VIRTUO optically monitors the reflectance of each bottle over time and will store and interpret readings against algorithms, which are embedded in the firmware and/or software.

Table 1: Similarities & Differences Between BacT/ALERT Microbial Detection Systems   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:BacT/ALERT VIRTUO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:BacT/ALERT 3D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BacT/ALERT®VIRTUOTMMicrobial DetectionSystem isan automatedmicrobial testsystem capable of incubating,agitating,  and  continuouslymonitoring for the detection ofaerobic,    facultative,    andanaerobic       microorganismgrowth from blood and othernormally sterile body fluids.Note: The intial release of thesystem will not include detectionof   Mycobacterium  speciesgrowth from clinical specimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BacT/ALERT®3D MicrobialDetection System is a totallyautomated test system capableof incubating, agitating, andcontinuously monitoring aerobicand anaerobic media inoculatedwith     patient    specimenssuspected of having bacteremia,fungemia,                  and/ormycobacteremia (Clinical Use)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use with the BacT/ALERTSA, SN, FA Plus, PF Plus andFN Plus culture bottles (ClinicalUse)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use with the BacT/ALERTSA, SN, FA, PF, FN, MP, FAPlus, FN Plus, PF Plus (ClinicalUse)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Methodfor      MicrobialGrowth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reflectance     change     ofcolorimetric sensor over time tomeasure metabolic reactants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reflectance     change     ofcolorimetric sensor over time tomeasure metabolic reactants</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incubation      &amp;Agitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electricallyheatedforced airconvection           incubation.Continuous  12.5°       fromhorizontal sinusoidalrocking ofreagent&amp; sample @50-60cycles/minute.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electricallyheatedforced airconvection           incubation.Continuous  12.5°       fromhorizontal sinusoidal rocking ofreagent&amp;sample @50-60cycles/minute.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ColorimetricOptics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LED emitter with 634nmpeakwavelength     and     17nmbandwidth/photodiode detector.Four point graduated grey scaleoptical calibration.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LED emitter with 634nm peakwavelength      and     17nmbandwidth/photodiode detector.Four point graduated grey scaleoptical calibration.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectionalgorithms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary algorithms uniquefor BacT/ALERT VIRTUO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary algorithms uniquefor BacT/ALERT 3D</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108-6912 bottles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240-1440 bottles</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Loading</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated loadingof bottlesplaced on conveyor (up to 40 atatime) with    bottle labelscanning, measuring of sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Customer scans bottle labelsand loads the bottle into a bottlecell of an open drawer, onebottle at a time</td></tr></table>

Section 1.10   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>volume &amp; loading via roboticarm into open incubator cell withappropriate agitation.Customercanmanuallyloadbottlesifautomationfeatures arenotoperable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RemoteCustomer Access</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal(customer site) networkaccess</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unavailable</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics:

The BacT/ALERT VIRTUO Microbial Detection System demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the BacT/ALERT 3D Microbial Detection System. This 510(k) Premarket Notification presents data in support of the BacT/ALERT VIRTUO. External performance evaluations were conducted at eight external clinical sites. The evaluation included testing of blood & sterile body fluids using the BacT/ALERT SA, SN, FA Plus, PF Plus and FN Plus culture bottles with the VIRTUO and 3D Systems.

The following tables compare results of the BacT/ALERT VIRTUO to BacT/ALERT 3D blood cultures for all compliant blood culture bottles that yielded any number of isolates on subculture.

BacT/ALERT FA Plus: Blood – Compliant –Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUO TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL, UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1 (64/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2 (66/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.821,1.119</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 (7/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 (11/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.636</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 (2/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 (2/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9 (73/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 (79/1057)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.766,1.082</td></tr></table>

BacT/ALERT FN Plus: Blood – Compliant – Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3DTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio ofTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL,UCL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2 (47/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3 (48/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.823,1.135</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 (13/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 (10/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6 (60/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 (58/912)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.852,1.216</td></tr></table>

BacT/ALERT PF Plus: Blood - Compliant – Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL, UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 (1/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 (1/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.772,3.772*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 (1/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 (1/161)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.772,3.772*</td></tr></table>

\*Since the confidence interval contains a negative value and the ratio cannot be negative, the interval does not provide a meaningful interpretation.

Low Fill BacT/ALERT FA Plus: Blood – Compliant – Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL,UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4 (28/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7 (29/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.790,1.142</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 (4/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 (3/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 (1/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7 (33/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4 (32/379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.790,1.272</td></tr></table>

BacT/ALERT SA: Blood Culture – Compliant – Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl(LCL, UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 (40/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 (39/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.857,1.195</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 (4/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 (10/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 (2/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 (1/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9 (46/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 (50/780)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.736,1.104</td></tr></table>

# Section 1.10

BacT/ALERT SN: Blood – Compliant – Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl(LCL, UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9 (32/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 (30/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.797,1.337</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 (1/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 (4/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 (1/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1 (34/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1 (34/830)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.730,1.270</td></tr></table>

The following tables compare results of the BacT/ALERT VIRTUO to BacT/ALERT 3D sterile body fluid cultures that yielded single or multiple isolates on subculture.

BacT/ALERT FA Plus: SBF - Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL, UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2 (42/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2 (42/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.852,1.148</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 (8/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 (6/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 (5/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 (4/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7 (55/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9 (52/374)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.864,1.252</td></tr></table>

BacT/ALERT FN Plus: SBF - Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL, UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9 (39/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7 (38/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.838,1.214</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 (9/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 (8/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 (4/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 (6/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9 (52/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9 (52/437)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.794,1.206</td></tr></table>

# Section 1.10

BacT/ALERT SA: Sterile Body Fluids - Single and Multiple Isolates   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL,UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2 (14/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5 (15/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807,1.059</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 (2/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 (1/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5 (15/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1 (17/77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.882</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.665,1.099</td></tr></table>

# BacT/ALERT SN: Sterile Body Fluids - Single and Multiple Isolates

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Determination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIRTUOTruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of VIRTUO TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BTA3D TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of BTA3D TruePositives inPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ratio of TruePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI(LCL, UCL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Significant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0 (17/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0 (17/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.837,1.163</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contaminant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 (1/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 (1/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 (1/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 (0/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.5 (19/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.2 (18/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.806,1.306</td></tr></table>

# Section 1.10

When all 5862 bottle pairs tested are considered, false positive rates were $0 . 0 9 \%$ (5/5862) and $0 . 1 9 \%$ (11/5862) for VIRTUO and BTA3D, respectively. False negative rates were $0 . 3 8 \%$ (22/5862) and $0 . 3 8 \%$ (22/5862) for VIRTUO and BTA3D, respectively. While the algorithm on VIRTUO is new and has some differences compared to that of the BTA3D, these results for VIRTUO and BTA3D demonstrate an equivalent ability of the two systems to detect and recover organisms in BacT/ALERT bottles and demonstrate the efficacy of the VIRTUO Detection algorithm. The yields of microorganisms are similar between VIRTUO and BTA3D.

There were 1490 positive controls tested on VIRTUO for all sites combined. Of those, 1487 $( 9 9 . 8 \% )$ were signaled positive by VIRTUO. There were 1486 negative controls tested for all sites combined. Of those, 1486 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ were signaled negative by VIRTUO. Of the total of 2976 controls tested over the course of the clinical trial, VIRTUO gave the expected result for 2973/2976 $( 9 9 . 9 \% )$ of the controls.