Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
Angela Drysdale   
Vice President Regulatory Affairs 10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074

Re: K161375 Trade/Device Name: Alere i RSV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OOI Dated: May 19, 2016 Received: May 20, 2016

Dear Ms. Drysdale:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Tamara V. Feldblyum -S for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K161375

Device Name Alere™ i RSV

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k)	SUMMARY

This	summary	of	510(k)	safety	and	effectiveness	information	is	being	submitted	in	accordance	with the	requirements	of	SMDA	1990	and	21	CFR	807.92.

The	assigned	510(k)	number	is: K161375

# SUBMITTER

Alere	Scarborough,	Inc.   
10	Southgate	Road   
Scarborough,	Maine	04074   
Establishment	Registration	Number:	1221359

# PRIMARY CONTACT PERSON

Angela	Drysdale (207)	730‐5737	(office) (207)	730‐5767	(FAX) angela.drysdale@alere.com	(email)

DATE PREPARED August	15,	2016

TRADE NAME Alere™	i	RSV

COMMON NAMEAlere™	i	RSV,	Alere™	i

# CLASSIFICATION NAME

Respiratory	Viral	Panel	Multiplex	Nucleic	Acid	System	(per	21	CFR	866.3980) Instrumentation	for	Clinical	Multiplex	Test	Systems	(per	21	CFR	862.2570)

CLASSIFICATION Class	II

PRODUCT CODE OCC,	OOI

PANEL Microbiology	(83)

PREDICATE DEVICE Quidel	Molecular	RSV $^ +$ hMPV	Assay	(Lyra)	K131813

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The	Alere™	i	RSV	is	a	rapid,	instrument‐based	test	for	the	qualitative	detection	and	differentiation of	 respiratory	 syncytial	 virus	 (RSV)	 viral	 RNA	 from	 direct	 nasopharyngeal	 swab	 (NPS)	 and	 NPS eluted	in	viral	transport	media	from	patients	with	signs	and	symptoms	of	respiratory	infection.		The Alere™	i	RSV	System	utilizes	isothermal	nucleic	acid	amplification	technology	and	is	comprised	of:

 Sample	Receiver	–	single	use,	disposable	containing	the	elution	buffer Test	Base	–	single	use,	disposable	comprising	two	sealed	reaction	tubes,	each	containing	a lyophilized	pellet Transfer	 Cartridge	 –	 Single	 use,	 disposable	 for	 transfer	 of	 the	 eluted	 sample	 to	 the	 Test Base,	and   
 Alere™	i	Instrument	–	repeat	use	reader

The	 reaction	 tubes	 in	 the	 Test	 Base	 contain	 the	 reagents	 required	 for	 amplification	 of	 the	 target nucleic	acid	and	an	internal	control.		Alere™	i	RSV	utilizes	a	pair	of	templates	(similar	to	primers) for	the	specific	amplification	of	RNA	from	RSV	A	and	B,	which	occur	in	two	separate	reaction	tubes. Each	 reaction	 tube	 contains	 a	 fluorescently	 labeled	 molecular	 beacon	 designed	 to	 specifically identify	 the	amplified	RNA	 targets.		Alere™	i	RSV	is	performed	within	 the	confinement	of	 the	Test Base,	 and	 no	 other	 part	 of	 the	 Alere™	 i	 Instrument	 has	 contact	 with	 the	 sample	 during	 the amplification	process.		This	minimizes	the	risk	of	instrument	contamination	and	sample	carry‐over between	measurements.

To	perform	the	assay,	the	Sample	Receiver	and	Test	Base	are	inserted	into	the	Alere™	i	Instrument and	 the	 elution	 buffer	 is	 automatically	 heated	 by	 the	 instrument.	 	 The	 sample	 is	 added	 to	 the Sample	 Receiver	 and	 transferred	 via	 the	 Transfer	 Cartridge	 to	 the	 Test	 Base,	 re‐suspending	 the lyophilized	 pellets	 contained	 within	 the	 Test	 Base	 and	 initiating	 target	 amplification.	 	 Heating, mixing	 and	 detection	 by	 fluorescence	 are	 provided	 by	 the	 instrument,	 with	 results	 automatically reported.

Results	are	displayed	by	the	Alere™	i	Instrument	and	are	also	stored	in	an	on‐board	archive	and	are assigned	to	a	sample	ID	that	has	been	entered	into	the	Alere™	i	Instrument	by	the	operator,	and	the date/time	 the	 test	was	performed.		Data	can	be	retrieved	and	downloaded	by	 the	operator	at	any time	 after	 testing.	 	 An	 external	 Alere™	 Universal	 Printer	 can	 be	 attached	 via	 USB	 to	 the	 Alere™	 i Instrument	to	print	test	results.

# INTENDED USE

The	 Alere™	 i	 RSV	 assay	 performed	 on	 the	 Alere™	 i	 Instrument	 is	 a	 rapid,	 molecular,	 in vitro diagnostic	 test	 utilizing	 an	 isothermal	 nucleic	 acid	 amplification	 technology	 for	 the	 qualitative detection	 of	 respiratory	 syncytial	 virus	 (RSV)	 viral	 RNA	 in	 direct	 nasopharyngeal	 swabs	 and nasopharyngeal	swabs	eluted	in	viral	 transport	media		 from	patients	with	signs	and	symptoms	of respiratory	infection.		It	is	intended	for	use	as	an	aid	in	the	diagnosis	of	RSV	in	children ${ < } 1 8$ years and	adults ${ \ge } 6 0$ years	in	conjunction	with	clinical	and	epidemiological	risk	factors.

# TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Alere™	i	RSV	and	the	predicate	device,	Quidel	Molecular $\mathrm { R S V + h M P V }$ Assay,	have	the	same	intended use,	indications	 for	use,	and	utilize	similar	basic	principles	of	operation.		They	are	both	molecular tests	for	the	qualitative	detection	of	RSV	viral	RNA.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

Alere™	i	RSV	was	compared	 to	 the	legally	marketed	predicate	device,	 the	Quidel	Molecular	RSV $^ +$ hMPV	Assay.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quidel Molecular RSV + hMPV Assay(Lyra) (K122189, K131813)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, O0I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OEM, OCC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV + hMPV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alere™ i RSV assay performed onthe Alere™™ i Instrument is a rapidmolecular in vitro diagnostic testutilizing an isothermal nucleic acidamplification technology for thequalitative detection of respiratorysyncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA indirect nasopharyngeal swabs andnasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viraltransport media from patients withsigns and symptoms of respiratoryinfection. It is intended for use as anaid in the diagnosis of RSV in children&lt;18 years and adults ≥60 years inconjunction  with   clinical   andepidemiological risk factors.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Quidel Molecular RSV + hMPV Assay isa multiplex Real-Time PCR (RT-PCR) assayfor the qualitative detection andidentification of respiratory syncytial virus(RSV) and human metapneumovirus(hMPV) ribonucleic acid (RNA) extractedfrom nasal and nasopharyngeal swabspecimens from patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratory infection. This invitro diagnostic test is intended to aid inthe differential diagnosis of RSV and hMPVinfection in humans in conjunction withclinical and epidemiological risk factors.This test is not intended to differentiatethe two subtypes of RSV or the four geneticsub-lineages of hMPV.Negative results do not preclude RSVinfection and/or hMPV infection andshould not be used as the sole basis fordiagnosis, treatment or other patientmanagement decisions.Conversely, positive results do not rule-outbacterial infection or co-infection withother viruses. The agent detected may notbe the definite cause of disease. The use ofadditional laboratory testing and clinicalpresentation must be considered in orderto obtain the final diagnosis of respiratoryviral infection.The Quidel Molecular RSV + hMPV Assaycan be performed using the LifeTechnologies QuantStudio™ Dx RT-PCRInstrument, the Applied Biosystems®7500 Fast Dx RT-PCR Instrument, or theCepheid SmartCycler® II System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedEnvironment for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use, in a medicallaboratory or point-of-care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use, in a medical laboratory</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid SmartCycler® II System, theApplied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx RT-PCR Instrument, or the Life TechnologiesQuantStudio™ Dx RT-PCR Instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal Swab,Nasopharyngeal Swab eluted in ViralTransport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab and nasal swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NS2 gene and nucleocapsid gene N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NS2 genes, L viral polymerase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal nucleic acid amplificationfor detecting the presence/absence ofviral RNA in clinical specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RT-PCR-based system for detecting thepresence or absence of viral RNA in clinicalspecimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;15 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 70 minutes</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL	STUDY

The	clinical	performance	of	Alere™	i	RSV	was	established	in	a	multi‐center,	prospective clinical	study	conducted	at	nine	US	trial	sites	during	the	2015‐2016	respiratory	season.

A	total	of	497	evaluable	nasopharyngeal	swab	and	501	evaluable	nasopharyngeal	swab specimens	eluted	in	Viral	Transport	Media	(VTM)	collected	from	children ${ < } 1 8$ years	and adults ${ \ge } 6 0$ years	presenting	with	symptoms	of	respiratory	infection,	were	evaluated	with Alere™	i	RSV,	and	compared	to	PCR. $4 6 . 6 \%$ of	the	population	tested	was	female	and $5 3 . 4 \%$ was	male.

In	this	study,	two	nasopharyngeal	swabs	were	collected	from	each	Subject.		One	swab	was tested	directly	with	Alere™	i	RSV,	according	to	product	instructions	for	testing	swabs.		The other	swab	was	eluted	in	VTM,	and	a	sample	of	the	VTM	eluate	was	tested	with	Alere™	i RSV.

Alere™	i	RSV	performance,	including $9 5 \%$ confidence	intervals,	versus	FDA‐cleared	PCR test,	is	provided	below	for	nasopharyngeal	swab	direct	specimens	and	nasopharyngeal swab	eluted	in	VTM	specimens.

Nasopharyngeal Swab Direct   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™i +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™i-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $1 3 7 / 1 3 9 = 9 8 . 6 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } { : 9 4 . 9 \% , 9 9 . 6 \% } )$

Nasopharyngeal Swab Eluted in VTM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™i +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>355</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>361</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $1 3 8 / 1 4 0 = 9 8 . 6 $ (95%	CI:	94.9%,	99.6%)

Specificity: $3 5 1 / 3 5 8 = 9 8 . 0 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } { : 9 6 . 0 \% , 9 9 . 1 \% } )$

Sensitivity: $3 5 3 / 3 6 1 = 9 7 . 8 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } { : 9 5 . 7 \% , 9 8 . 9 \% } )$

During	the	prospective	clinical	study,	the	initial	invalid	rate	for	direct	nasopharyngeal	swab samples	(before	repeat	testing	per	the	product	instructions)	was $4 . 1 \%$ (21/506)	( $9 5 \%$ CI: $2 . 7 \%$ to $6 . 3 \%$ ).	After	repeat	testing	per	the	product	instructions,	the	invalid	rate	was $0 . 8 \%$ (4/506)	( $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 3 \%$ to $2 . 0 \%$ ).

The	initial	invalid	rate	for	nasopharyngeal	swabs	eluted	in	viral	transport	media	was $2 . 2 \%$ (11/506) $7 9 5 \%$ CI: $1 . 2 \%$ to $3 . 9 \%$ ).		After	repeat	testing	per	the	product	instructions,	the invalid	rate	was $0 \%$ (0/506)	( $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 0 \%$ to $0 . 8 \%$ ).

# ANALYTICAL	STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

Alere™	 i	 RSV	 limit	 of	 detection	 (LOD	 or $\mathsf { C } 9 5 \mathrm { \overline { { \Omega } } }$ ),	 defined	 as	 the	 concentration	 of	 RSV	 that	 produces positive	Alere™	i	RSV	results	approximately $9 5 \%$ of	the	time,	was	identified	by	evaluating	one	RSV A	strain	and	one	RSV	B	strain	for	both	direct	swab	and	swab	eluted	in	VTM	testing	in	Alere™	i	RSV. The	concentrations	identified	as	the	LOD	(or	C95)	levels	for	each	strain	and	testing	method	are	listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestingMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationGenomeEquivalents/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SwabDirect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.82 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.78 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.43 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.15 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 x 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.64 x 102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48 x 105</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY (INCLUSIVITY)

The	following	RSV	strains	were	tested	and	produced	positive	reactions	at	or	near	the	stated	assay limit	of	detection	of	the	Alere™	i	RSV	test:	RSV	A	Long,	RSV	B1	and	RSV	B	18537.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS‐REACTIVITY)

To	 determine	 the	 analytical	 specificity	 of	 Alere™	 i	 RSV,	 40	 commensal	 and	 pathogenic microorganisms	 (21	 bacteria,	 18	 viruses	 and	 1	 yeast)	 that	 may	 be	 present	 in	 the	 nasal	 cavity	 or nasopharynx	 were	 tested.	 	 All	 of	 the	 following	 microorganisms	 were	 negative	 when	 tested	 at concentrations	ranging	from $1 0 ^ { 3 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 1 0 }$ cells/mL	or	CFU/mL	(bacteria), $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { \ T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ ,	and $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cells/mL	(yeast).

# Bacteria

# Viruses

Yeast Adenovirus	Type	1 Candida albicans Adenovirus	type	7 Coxsackievirus	B4 Enterovirus	Type	70 Epstein	Barr	virus Human	Coronavirus	OC43 Human	Coronavirus	229E Human	Cytomegalovirus	(CMV)	(Herpes	V) Human	Echovirus	7,	Strain	Wallace Human	metapneumovirus Influenza	A Influenza	B Measles	virus,	strain	Edmonston Mumps	virus,	strain	Enders Parainfluenza	virus	1 Parainfluenza	virus	2 Parainfluenza	virus	3 Rhinovirus	Type	1A

Bordetella pertussis   
Corynebacterium diptheriae   
Escherichia coli\*   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus plantarum   
Legionella pneumophila   
Moraxella/Branhamella catarrhalis\*   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Neisseria sicca   
Neisseria subflava   
Proteus vulgaris\*   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus Group A   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus salivarius

\*	Some	cross‐reactivity	was	observed	for	E. coli	at	concentrations	greater	than $2 . 7 5 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 9 }$ ,	Moraxella catarrhalis	at	concentrations	greater	than $1 . 5 0 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 9 }$ ,	and	Proteus vulgaris	at	concentrations	greater	than	4.69 $\mathbf { \Delta \mathbf { X } \mathbf { \Lambda } } ^ { 1 0 ^ { 8 } }$ .

In	addition,	in silico	analysis	was	performed	to	determine	whether	there	is	any	significant	overlap between	Alere™	i	RSV	target	nucleic	acid	sequence	and	the	genomes	of	the	following	upper respiratory	tract	microorganism.			None	of	the	organisms	maintained	genomic	sequence	that	was significantly	similar	to	the	Alere™	i	RSV	target	sequences.

# Bacteria

# Viruses

Bordetella bronchiseptica Chlamydia pneumonia Chlamydia trachomatis Neisseria mucosa

Adenovirus	2   
Adenovirus	3   
Adenovirus	4   
Adenovirus	5

Proteus mirabilis

Adenovirus	11   
Adenovirus	14   
Adenovirus	31   
Coronavirus	NL63   
Coxsackievirus	B35   
Echovirus	6   
Echovirus	9   
Echovirus	11   
Enterovirus	71

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The	following	substances,	naturally	present	or	artificially	introduced	into	the	nasal cavity/nasopharynx	were	evaluated	with	Alere™	i	RSV	at	the	concentrations	listed	below	and	were found	not	to	affect	test	performance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NeoSynephrine Cold &amp; Sinus Extra Strength Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin Pump Mist Original</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocean Saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroseptic Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Allergy Relief</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beclomethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.068 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunisolide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Budesonide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.051 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mometasone furoate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone propionate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir (Relenza)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.284 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44 mg/mL</td></tr></table>

# INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

Alere™	i	RSV	test	performance	in	the	presence	of	non‐RSV	respiratory	pathogens	was	evaluated. Vendor	provided	stocks	of	RSV	A	and	B	strains	were	diluted	in	UTM	to	approximately	3	times	the limit	of	detection.	Contrived	RSV	A	and	B	positive	swab	specimens	were	prepared	by	coating	10 microliters	of	virus	dilution	onto	each	swab.	The	following	panel	of	non‐RSV	viruses	was	tested	at the	concentration	provided	in	the	table	below	and	was	found	not	to	affect	test	performance.

<table><tr><td>Virus Panel</td><td>Concentration (TCID50/ml)</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus Type 1</td><td>1.58 x 107</td></tr><tr><td>Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td>1.58 x 107</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A</td><td>5.00 x 107</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B</td><td>1.00 x 108</td></tr></table>

# CARRY‐OVER CONTAMINATION

An	analytical	carry‐over	study	was	performed	to	demonstrate	that	when	recommended	laboratory practices	are	followed,	there	is	little	risk	of	false	positive	results	caused	by	carryover	or	cross‐ contamination	in	the	Alere™	i	RSV	test.		Vendor	provided	stocks	of	RSV	A	and	B	strains	were	diluted in	UTM	to	approximately	30	times	the	limit	of	detection.		Contrived	RSV	A	and	B	positive	swab specimens	were	prepared	by	coating	10	microliters	of	virus	dilution	onto	each	swab.		Testing	of	the contrived	positive	swabs	was	alternated	with	testing	of	a	negative	swab	sample	for	a	total	of	15 rounds.		In	addition,	testing	of	contrived	positive	VTM	samples	was	alternated	with	negative	VTM samples	following	the	test	procedure	for	Nasopharyngeal	Swab	Eluted	in	Viral	Transport	Media	for a	total	of	15	rounds.	No	false	positive	results	were	observed	in	this	study.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A	reproducibility	study	of	Alere™	i	RSV	was	conducted	by	operators	from	3	sites	using	panels	of blind	coded	specimens	containing	negative,	low	positive	(at	the	limit	of	detection),	and	moderate positive	(above	the	limit	of	detection)	RSV	A	and	B	samples.		Participants	tested	each	sample multiple	times	on	5	different	days.		The	percent	agreement	with	expected	results	for	the	RSV	A moderate	positive	and	low	positive	samples	were $1 0 0 \%$ (89/89)	and $9 8 . 9 \%$ (89/90),	respectively. The	percent	agreement	with	expected	results	for	the	RSV	B	moderate	positive	and	low	positive samples	were $9 8 . 9 \%$ (89/90)	and $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90),	respectively.		All	of	the	negative	samples	(90) generated	negative	test	results.		There	were	no	significant	differences	within	run	(replicates	tested by	one	operator),	between	run	(5	different	days),	between	sites	(3	sites),	or	between	operators	(9 operators).

The	results	of	the	analytical	and	clinical	studies	performed	with	Alere™	i	RSV	support	the determination	of	substantial	equivalence	in	accordance	with	the	stated	intended	use	and	device labeling.