# January 12, 2017

BIOMERIEUX, INC.  
KAREN RUSSELL  
STAFF REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST595 ANGLUM ROAD  
HAZELWOOD MO 63042

Re: K161217 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 Gram Negative Ceftriaxone $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 6 4 ~ \mu / \mathrm { m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LON Dated: December 22, 2016 Received: December 23, 2016

Dear Ms. Russell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -A

For Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

20   
8 - Page 1 of   
20   

<table><tr><td colspan="4">antimfcrobfal.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Active in vitro and clinical infections:</td></tr><tr><td>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td>Escherichia coli Proteus mirabilis</td><td>Klebsiella oxytoca Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>In vitro data available but clinical significance is unknown:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Citrobacter koseri (formerly Citrobacter diversus)</td><td></td><td>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan="2">Shigella species</td></tr><tr><td>Providencia species (including Providencia rettgeri)</td><td></td><td>Salmonella species (including Salmonella typhi)</td></tr></table>

20 20   
20 20

20 20 20   

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use 510(k) Number (if known) K161217</td></tr><tr><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>Device Name VITEK 2 Gram Negative Ceftriaxone</td></tr><tr><td>(≤0.25-≥64 μg/mL)</td></tr></table>

20 20 20   
20 20 20 20   
  
K® 2 AST-GN Ceftria itional 510(k) Submis 61217.AIN

# A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: bioMérieux, Inc.

Address:

595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042

Contact Person: Karen Russell Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Phone Number: 314-731-8639 Fax Number: 314-731-8689

Date of Preparation: December 2, 2016

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name: VITEK ${ \mathfrak { P } } _ { 2 }$ Gram Negative Ceftriaxone $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 6 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Classification Name: 21 CFR 866.1645 Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System

Product Code LON

Common Name: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftriaxone

C. Predicate Device: VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { B } } 2$ AST-GN Doxycycline (K121546)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Gram Negative Ceftriaxone is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram-negative bacilli. VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Gram Negative Ceftriaxone is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 and VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. Ceftriaxone has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and clinical infections:   
Enterobacter aerogenes   
Escherichia coli   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Proteus mirabilis

Serratia marcescens

In vitro data available but clinical significance is unknown:   
Citrobacter koseri (formerly Citrobacter diversus)   
Citrobacter freundii   
Shigella species   
Providencia species (including Providencia rettgeri)   
Salmonella species (including Salmonella typhi)

The VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 System for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp., S. pneumoniae, and clinically significant yeast.

The antimicrobial presented in ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-GN Cards is in concentrations equivalent by efficacy to standard method concentrations in $\mathrm { m c g / m l }$ . The VITEK ${ \textsuperscript { \textregistered } } _ { 2 }$ AST Cards are essentially miniaturized versions of the doubling dilution technique for determining the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) microdilution methodology.

The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration in $0 . 4 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 0 . 5 0 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \circledast } \ .$ 2 Compact has a manual filling and sealing operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2$ monitors the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time (up to 18 hours). At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antimicrobial contained on the card.

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftriaxone demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA. Issued August 28, 2009.

The Premarket Notification $( 5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ] )$ presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftriaxone.

An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { B } } 2$ AST-GN Ceftriaxone by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at $1 6 ~ \cdot ~ 2 0$ hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms. VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftriaxone demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 7 . 5 \%$ overall Essential Agreement and $9 9 . 0 \%$ overall Category Agreement with the reference method. A performance limitation will be taken for Proteus vulgaris. Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.