QUEST INTERNATIONAL, INC   
DAVID J. KIEFER, PH.D.   
DIRECTOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 8127 NW 29TH STREET   
MIAMI FL 33122

Re: K162276 Trade/Device Name: SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3305 Regulation Name: Herpes simplex virus serological assays Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MXJ Dated: August 10, 2016 Received: August 12, 2016

Dear Dr. Kiefer:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Stephen J. Lovell -S for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name

SeraQues $^ \mathrm { { \textregistered } }$ HSV Type 1 Specific IgG

Indications for Use (Describe)

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only. The SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG assay is an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) intended for the qualitative detection of human IgG antibodies to type 1 herpes simplex virus (HSV) in human serum. The test is indicated for sexually active individuals and expectant mothers as an aid in the presumptive diagnosis of HSV-1 infection. The predictive value of a positive or negative result depends on the prevalence of HSV-1 infection in the population and the pre-test likelihood of HSV-1 infection.

The test is not FDA cleared for screening blood or plasma donors. The performance of this assay has not been established for immunocompromised patients, pediatric patients or matrices other than human serum.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) Number: k162276   
Purpose for Submission: New Device   
Type of Test: Enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) Measurand: IgG Antibody to Herpes Simplex Virus-1 (HSV-1) Applicant: Quest International, Inc.   
8127 NW $2 9 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Street   
Doral, FL. 33122   
Contact Person: David J. Kiefer, Ph.D.   
Telephone: 305 592-6991   
Telefax: 305 592-6834   
Device: SeraQuest® HSV Type 1 Specific IgG

# Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: Herpes simplex virus serological assays 21 CFR§866.3305   
2. Classification: Class II   
3. Product code: MXJ (Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay, Herpes Simplex Virus, HSV-1)   
4. Panel: Microbiology (83)

Catalogue Number: 01-410

# Intended Use:

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only. The SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG assay is an enzymelinked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) intended for the qualitative detection of human IgG antibodies to type 1 herpes simplex virus (HSV) in human serum. The test is indicated for sexually active individuals and expectant mothers as an aid in the presumptive diagnosis of HSV-1 infection. The predictive value of a positive or negative result depends on the prevalence of HSV-1 infection in the population and the pre-test likelihood of HSV-1 infection.

The test is not FDA cleared for screening blood or plasma donors. The performance of this assay has not been established for immunocompromised patients, pediatric patients or matrices other than human serum.

# Description:

The SeraQuest® HSV Type 1 Specific IgG test is a solid-phase enzyme-linked immunoassay (ELISA), which is performed in microwells, at room temperature, and in three thirty minute incubations. The test detects IgG antibodies which are directed against HSV 1 type-specific antigens in human serum. The Calibrator in the SeraQuest® HSV Type 1 Specific IgG test set has been assigned Index values based on an in-house standard. Test results are reported as Index values. The following table shows the interpretation of results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No HSV-1 IgG antibodies detected. Patient is presumed not tohave had a previous HSV-1 infection.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9&lt;X&lt;1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Obtain an additional sample for re-testing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG antibody to HSV-1 detected.</td></tr></table>

Notes:

1. A single positive result only indicates previous immunologic exposure; the level of antibody response may not be used to determine active infection or disease stage.

2. When equivocal results are obtained, another specimen should be obtained ten to fourteen days later, and tested in parallel with the initial specimen. If the second specimen is also equivocal, the patient is negative for primary or recent infection, and equivocal for antibody status. If the second sample is positive, the patient can be considered to have previous experience with HSV-1 infection.

3. Values obtained with different manufacturer's assay methods may not be used interchangeably. The magnitude of the reported IgG index value cannot be correlated to an endpoint titer. The magnitude of results above the cut-off is not an indicator of total antibody present.

# Principle:

Diluted patient samples are incubated in antigen-coated wells. HSV Type 1 antibodies, if present in the patient sample, are immobilized in the wells by binding to the antigen. Residual sample is eliminated by washing and draining, and conjugate (enzyme-labeled antibodies to human IgG) is added and incubated. If IgG antibodies to HSV-1 are present, the conjugate will be immobilized in the wells. Residual conjugate is eliminated by washing and draining, and the substrate is added and incubated. In the presence of the conjugate, the substrate is converted to a yellow end-product which is read photometrically.

Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Focus HerpeSelect® 1 and 2 Immunoblot IgG

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K000238

Table 1. Comparison with the Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SeraQuest HSV 1 IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Focus HerpeSelect 1 and 2Immunoblot IgG (Predicate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In VitroDiagnostic Use Only. TheSeraQuest HSV Type 1Specific IgG assay is anenzyme-linked immunosorbentassay (ELISA) intended for thequalitative detection of humanIgG antibodies to type 1herpes simplex virus (HSV) inhuman serum. The test isindicated for sexually activeindividuals and expectantmothers as an aid in thepresumptive diagnosis ofHSV-1 infection. Thepredictive value of a positive ornegative result depends on theprevalence of HSV-1 infectionin the population andthe pre-test likelihood of HSV-1 infection.The test is not FDA clearedfor screening blood or plasmadonors. The performance ofthis assay has not beenestablished forimmunocompromisedpatients, pediatric patients ormatrices other than humanserum.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Focus Diagnostics'HerpeSelect 1 and 2Immunoblot IgG test isintended for qualitativelydetecting the presence orabsence of human IgG classantibodies to HSV-1 andHSV-2 in human sera. Thetest is indicated for testingsexually active adults orexpectant mothers for aidingin the presumptive diagnosisof HSV-1 and HSV-2infection. The predictive valueof a positive or negative resultdepends on the population'sprevalence and the pretestlikelihood of HSV-1 and HSV-2 infection.The performance of thisassay has not beenestablished for use in apediatric population, forneonatal screening, fortesting ofimmunocompromisedpatients, for use by a point ofcare facility or for use withautomated equipment.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant HSV gG 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant HSV gG 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Periods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-Labeled Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphataseconjugated goat anti-humanIgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphataseconjugated goat anti-humanIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negative controlsincluded with kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negative controlsincluded with kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme linked immunoassay(ELISA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrocellulose immunoblot</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid Phase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene Microwells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrocellulose membrane</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included with reagent kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not included</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:101</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample incubation duration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Washing Steps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cycles per wash step</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme substrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-nitrophenyl phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromo-chloro-indolylphosphate and nitro bluetetrazolium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substrate Incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 to 30 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stop Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 M Trisodium Phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">De-ionized Water</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stop Reagent Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X2000 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drying Step</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Air dry, 10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Readout</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Index value</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive or negative</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing

# 1. Precision Testing

Six serum specimens (2 negative, 1 equivocal and 3 positive) and the SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG Positive and Negative Controls, were assayed in triplicate, on three separate occasions, at Quest International and at two external independent laboratories. The results are summarized below in Table 2.

Table 2.   
Results of Intra-assay, Inter-assay and Inter-laboratory Precision Tests Performed at Quest International and at Two External, Independent Laboratories. The Means, Standard Deviations and Coefficients of Variation were Calculated from the SeraQuest Index Values.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name of AnalytePanel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanIndex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intra-assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SeraQuest PositiveSerum Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SeraQuest NegativeSerum Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Sample # 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Sample # 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Sample # 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Sample # 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Sample # 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td></tr></table>

# 2. Specificity Testing

A cross-reactivity study was performed to determine if samples from various disease states and other potentially cross-reacting agents interfere with the test results. The samples were determined to be positive for IgG antibodies directed against taxonomically related viruses and other related pathogens by other legally marketed devices. Human Papilloma Virus, Chlamydia trachomitis, and Neisseria gonorrhea samples were from individual patients with confirmed sexually transmitted infections. The samples were also tested for Type 1 HSV antibody by another legally marketed device. Only those samples that tested negative for Type 1 HSV antibody by the legally marketed device were included in the study. The results of this study are shown below in Table 3.

Table 3. Results of SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG Tests of Samples Which Tested Positive for Antibodies Directed Against Taxonomically Related Viruses and Other Viruses and Pathogens but Negative for Type 1 HSV by Other Legally Marketed Devices.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Samples Testing Positive in theSeraQuest HSV 1 Type Specific IgG Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV 2 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMV IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV EBNA IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV VCA IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syphilis IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Papilloma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td></tr></table>

# 3. Interference Testing

The effects of icterus, hemolysis, hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia and hyperproteinemia on the test results were examined. Samples that were negative, weakly positive and moderately positive for antibodies to Type 1 HSV were tested with and without the addition of elevated levels of the following potential interfering substances: hemoglobin $1 8 ~ 9 / \mathrm { d L }$ , glucose $8 0 0 { \mathrm { ~ m g ~ d L } }$ , cholesterol $2 , 7 2 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , globulin $2 8 ~ 9 / \mathrm { d L }$ , unconjugated bilirubin $2 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , conjugated bilirubin $2 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , human albumin $1 2 { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { d } } \mathsf { L }$ and ascorbic acid 3mg/dL.

No significant interference was observed in the presence of abnormally elevated levels of the potentially interfering substances tested, however the use of grossly hemolyzed, icteric or lipemic samples, as well as samples containing particulate matter or exhibiting obvious microbial contamination is not recommended and they should not be tested.

# 4. Comparison with The Predicate Device

One hundred and sixty-four serum samples, from sexually active adults that were submitted for HSV serology to a clinical laboratory in the Southeastern United States, were prospectively collected, masked, archived, and tested using the SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG test and a commercial HSV 1 Immunoblot test. The results of this comparative test are shown in Table 4 below.

Table 4.   
Relative Sensitivity and Specificity of the SeraQuest HSV 1 Type Specific IgG Test in Comparison with an HSV 1 Immunoblot Test for 164 Sexually Active Adults Whose Sera Had Been Submitted for Herpes Simplex Virus Serology.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>SeraQuest HSV 1 Type Specific IgG Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C.I.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV 1 ImmunoblotResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.0 to 96.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2 to 96.2</td></tr></table>

Two hundred and forty-two serum samples, from expectant mothers, that were submitted for HSV serology to clinical laboratories in the Northeastern and Southeastern United States, were prospectively collected, masked, archived, and tested using the SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG test and a legally marketed, HSV 1 Immunoblot test. One hundred and ninety-eight $( 8 2 \% )$ of the specimens were obtained during the first trimester, nineteen $( 8 \% )$ during the second trimester and twenty-five $( 1 0 \% )$ during the third trimester of pregnancy. The results of this comparative test are shown in Table 5 below.

Table 5.   
Sensitivity and Specificity of the SeraQuest HSV 1 Type Specific IgG Test in Comparison with a Commercial HSV 1 Immunoblot Test for 242 Expectant Mothers Whose Sera Had Been Submitted for Herpes Simplex Virus Serology.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Seraquest HSV 1 Type Specific IgG Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% C.I.*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV 1 ImmunoblotResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.3 to 96.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.1 to 93.7</td></tr></table>

# CDC Panel Results

The following information was obtained with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) serum panel for HSV serology assays, which was tested in-house by the SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG test. The results are presented as a means to convey further information on the performance of this assay with a masked, well characterized serum panel. This does not

imply an endorsement by the CDC.

# Percent Agreement with the CDC Panel

The panel consists of 46 HSV-1 IgG positive and 54 HSV-1 IgG negative samples. The results of this study are shown below in Table 7.

Table 6. SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG Results Obtained with the CDC HSV Panel of 100 Sera   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>SeraQuest HSV Type 1 Specific IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CDC HSV 1 Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.