DIASORIN INCORPORATED JOHN C. WALTER   
PRESIDENT   
1951 NORTHWESTERN AVE. STILLWATER, MN 55082

Re: K162969 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON® CMV IgG and LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3175 Regulation Name: Cytomegalovirus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFZ, JJX Dated: October 21, 2016 Received: December 8, 2016

Dear Mr. Walter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

forStephen J. Lovell -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K162969

Device Name   
LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CMV IgG   
LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CMV IgG Serum Control Set

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Tburentimoolectiomationatvehours oncud eviwstruconssea existn dat sours athanmaintai edaa eede d cple an reviw h collecion omation. Sn cments ardig hs burdn timat  ayher of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

SUBMITTED BY:

DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285

CONTACT:

Gagan Gill Regulatory Affairs Associate Email: gagan.gill@diasorin.com

DATE OF PREPARATION:

October 21, 2016

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® CMV IgG LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set

Common Names/Description:

Immunoassay for the detection of IgG antibodies to human Cytomegalovirus (hCMV)

Classification:

Cytomegalovirus serological reagents, 21 CFR 866.3175 Class II (performance standards); Micorobiology (83)

Product Code:

LFZ, JJX

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

DiaSorin LIAISON® CMV IgG (K040290)

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The LIAISON® CMV IgG assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON® Analyzer family\* for the qualitative determination of IgG antibodies to human cytomegalovirus (hCMV) in human serum.

The LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set (negative and positive) consists of liquid ready-touse controls in human serum/defibrinated plasma. The negative control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of negative patient specimens and the positive control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of positive patient specimens.

The controls are designed for use with DiaSorin LIAISON® CMV IgG assay on the LIAISON® Analyzer family.

# INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® CMV IgG assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON® Analyzer family\* for the qualitative determination of IgG antibodies to human cytomegalovirus (hCMV) in human serum. It is intended to be used as an aid in the determination of serological status to CMV.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® CMV IgG assay on the LIAISON®

Analyzer family\*. The performance characteristics of the LIAISON® CMV IgG controls have not been established for any other assay or instrument platforms different from the LIAISON® and $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \textregistered } \rangle$ XL.

\*(LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL).

COMPARISON TO THE PREDICATE (Description of the Modifications to the Legally Marketed Device): The following table provides a summary of the FDA cleared LIAISON® CMV IgG assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LIAISON® CMV IgG assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® CMV IgGK040290, cleared 06/01/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® CMV IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LIAISON® CMV IgG assay useschemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA)technology on the LIAISON® Analyzer family* forthe qualitative determination of IgG antibodies tohuman cytomegalovirus (hCMV) in human serum.It is intended to be used as an aid in thedetermination of serological status to CMV.*(LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology/Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent Immunoassay (CLIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleHandling/AssayProcessing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8° C until ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG antibodies to human cytomegalovirus (hCMV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling (IFU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>References buffer based controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>References serum basedcontrols</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Provided Separately</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr></table>

Changes to the DiaSorin LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set include a $100 \%$ human serum/defibrinated plasma based matrix and the extension of the open use stability claim.

The following table provides a summary of the similarities and differences between the FDA cleared LIAISON® Control CMV IgG and the modified device, LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary of Similarities and Differences LIAISON CMV IgG Serum Control Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® Control CMV IgGK040290, cleared 06/01/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON®CMV IgG SerumControl Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LIAISON® CMV IgG Controls(negative, positive) are used formonitoring substantial reagent failure ofthe LIAISON® CMV IgGchemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA).The LIAISON® CMV IgG quality controlmaterial contains only a 5% serum matrixand may not adequately control theDiaSorin LIAISON® CMV IgG assay forserum specimens. The performance ofthe LIAISON® CMV IgG Controls has notbeen established with any other CMVassay or instrument platforms differentfrom LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiaSorin LIAISON® CMV IgGSerum Control Set is intended for useas assayed quality control samples tomonitor the performance of theLIAISON® CMV IgG assay on theLIAISON® Analyzer family*. Theperformance characteristics of theLIAISON® CMV IgG controls have notbeen established for any other assayor instrument platforms different fromthe LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.*(LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human serum/plasma not reactive forCMV IgG antibodies, diluted in PBSbuffer, BSA, with ProClin® 300 as apreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum/plasma non-reactive forCMV IgG antibodies, 0.1% ProClin®300 and 0.09% sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human serum/plasma reactive forCMV IgG antibodies, diluted in PBSbuffer, BSA, with ProClin® 300 as apreservative and an inert yellow dye.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum/plasma reactive forCMV IgG antibodies, 0.1% ProClin®300 and 0.09% sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentConfiguration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials each level (negative and positive)0.7 mL/vial, ready to use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Use Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable for four(4) weeks when properly stored at 2-8°Cbetween uses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable foreight (8) weeks when properly storedat 2-8°C between uses.</td></tr></table>

ProClin® is a trademark of the Dow Chemical Company (Dow) or an affiliated company of Dow.

# SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA:

Non-clinical verification and validation testing conducted with the $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \textregistered }$ CMV IgG and LIAISON® CMV Serum Control Set demonstrate that the modified device meets predetermined acceptance criteria, supporting equivalency of the modified device to the cleared device. Evidence is demonstrated through the following studies:

Testing of the LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set to validate and verify:

commutability between samples and controls (matrix effe   
precison equivalence between samples and controls o 20 Day Precison   
control value assignment   
control range definition

Real time stability testing conducted on the LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set to support the following product claims:

Shelf-life of 12 months at $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ Eight (8) weeks open use stability when stored at ${ 2 / 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ between uses.

Based on the results from the validation and verification activities, the modifications to the LIAISON® CMV IgG Serum Control Set do not introduce any new risks to the performance of the device.

# CONCLUSION:

As summarized, LIAISON® CMV IgG and LIAISON® CMV Serum Control Set is substantially equivalent to the originally cleared device. The changes to the device do not constitute new intended/indications for use, or changes to the fundamental scientific technology. Performance testing of the device demonstrates that the device functions as intended, meeting the requirements of design specifications. The device was determined to be substantially equivalent to the previously cleared device.

The material submitted in this Special 510(k) is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision. The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR 809.10.