May 1, 2017

REMEL, INC.   
CYNTHIA KNAPP   
DIRECTOR R&D, AST AND PHARMA, MICROBIOLOGY 12076 SANTA FE DRIVE   
LENEXA KS 66215

Re: K162620 Trade/Device Name: Remel Spectra ESBL Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1700 Regulation Name: Culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JSO Dated: March 29, 2017 Received: March 30, 2017

Dear Ms. Knapp:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -A

For

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Indications for Use (Describe)

Remel Spectra ESBL is a selective and differential growth medium for use in primary isolation and presumptive identification of Extended Spectrum $\beta$ Lactamase (ESBL)-producing Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca and Proteus mirabilis to aid in prevention and control of these bacteria in a healthcare setting. Testing may be performed from either perirectal swabs or fresh stool specimens. Remel Spectra ESBL is not intended to diagnose ESBL infection, or to guide or monitor treatment.

Do not report Spectra ESBL positive screening results. Subculture of presumptively positive colonies to nonselective medium (e.g., Tryptic Soy Agar with $5 \%$ sheep blood) is required for organism identification, confirmatory testing for ESBL, susceptibility testing and epidemiological typing.

A lack of growth or the absence of pink, blue-turquoise-green or tan colonies on Spectra ESBL does not preclude the presence of ESBL producing organisms.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Contact Information:

Cynthia Knapp   
Director R&D, AST and Pharma   
Microbiology Division   
Remel Products   
1 Thermo Fisher Way   
Oakwood Village, Ohio 44146   
Phone: 1 (800) 871-8909 ext 332-4117   
Fax: 1(440) 735-4573   
Email: Cindy.knapp@thermofisher.com

# Date Prepared:

April 28, 2017

# Proprietary Name:

Remel Spectra™ ESBL

# Common Name:

Chromogenic ESBL

Device Classification:

21 CFR 866.1700: Culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests.

# Intended Use:

Remel Spectra™ ESBL is a selective and differential growth medium for use in primary isolation and presumptive identification of Extended Spectrum $\beta$ Lactamase (ESBL)-producing Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca and Proteus mirabilis to aid in prevention and control of these bacteria in a healthcare setting. Testing may be performed from either perirectal swabs or fresh stool specimens. Remel Spectra™ ESBL is not intended to diagnose ESBL infection, or to guide or monitor treatment.

Do not report Spectra™ ESBL positive screening results. Subculture of presumptive positive colonies to non-selective medium (e.g. Tryptic Soy Agar with $5 \%$ sheep blood) is required for organism identification, confirmatory testing for ESBL, susceptibility testing and epidemiological typing.

A lack of growth or the absence of pink, blue-turquoise-green or tan colonies on Spectra™ ESBL does not preclude the presence of ESBL producing organisms.

# Device Description

Spectra™ ESBL contains a combination of antibacterial agents which aid in inhibiting non-ESBL Enterobacteriaceae and suppress the growth of some AmpC organisms and other non-ESBL flora. Peptones supply amino acids and essential nutrients which promote the growth of enteric gram-negative bacilli. Sodium chloride is a source of essential electrolytes and maintains osmotic equilibrium. Phosphate buffers are added to maintain the pH.

A mixture of chromogens forms a substrate for two enzymes: $\beta$ - galactosidase and glucuronidase that are differentially expressed in different species of bacteria resulting in blue/turquoise-green or pink colonies. Other ESBL-producing organisms that do not utilize the chromogenic substrates may produce tan colonies through deamination of tryptophan. Non-target organisms generally appear cream colored or are naturally pigmented green or brown.

# Formulation:

# REAGENTS (CLASSICAL FORMULA)\*

Peptone Mix . . 12.0 g Sodium Chloride... . 5.0 g Phosphate Buffers.. . 4.0 g Chromogenic Mix . 4.0 g Antibiotic Mix .. . 0.28 g Agar . . 15.0 g Demineralized Water. . 1000.0 ml

$\mathsf { p H } 6 . 9 \pm 0 . 2 @ 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ \*Adjusted as required to meet performance standards.

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

Predicate K number: K160512, HardyCHROM™ ESBL   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel Spectra™ ESBL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HardyCHROM™ ESBL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.1700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remel Spectra™ ESBL is a selectiveand differential growth mediumfor use in primary isolation andpresumptive identification of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HardyCHROM™ ESBL is a selectiveand differential chromogenicmedium which is intended for thequalitative and presumptive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extended Spectrum B Lactamase(ESBL)- producing Escherichia coli,Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiellaoxytoca and Proteus mirabilis toaid in prevention and control ofthese bacteria in a healthcaresetting. Testing may be performedfrom either perirectal swabs orfresh stool specimens. RemelSpectra™ ESBL is not intended todiagnose ESBL infection, or toguide or monitor treatment.Do not report Spectra™ ESBLpositive screening results.Subculture of presumptivelypositive colonies to non-selectivemedium (e.g. Tryptic Soy Agar with5% sheep blood) is required fororganism identification,confirmatory testing for ESBL,susceptibility testing andepidemiological typing.A lack of growth or the absence ofpink, blue-turquoise-green or tancolonies on Spectra™ ESBL doesnot preclude the presence of ESBLproducing organisms.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">detection from stool specimens of:1) Enterobacteriaceae that arepotentially non-susceptible toceftazidime and cefpodoxime; and2) Extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producingEscherichia coli, Klebsiellapneumoniae and Klebsiellaoxytoca.The test is performed on stoolspecimens from patients at risk ofharboring Enterobacteriaceae thatare non-susceptible to 3rdgeneration cephalosporins orESBL-producing E. coli, K.pneumoniae and K. oxytoca, and isintended as an aid in thedetection, identification ofcolonization and control of thesebacteria in a healthcare setting.HardyCHROM™ ESBL is notintended to diagnose infection orto guide or monitor treatment forinfections. Results can beinterpreted after incubation for18-24 hours. Subculture to non-selective medium is required forconfirming identification,antimicrobial susceptibility testingand epidemiological typing.A lack of growth or the absence ofpink, blue or yellow/gold colonieson HardyCHROM™ ESBL does notpreclude the presence ofEnterobacteriaceae that are non-susceptible to 3rd generationcephalosporins orESBL producing organisms.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalFecal Specimens andPerirectal Swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalFecal Specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigeration at 2-8°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation at 35+/-2°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual, visual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18-24 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organisms Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ESBL producing strains of E. coli, K.pneumoniae, K. oxytoca and P.mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ESBL-producing strains of E. coli, K.pneumoniae, and K. oxytoca3rdgeneration cephalosporin non-susceptible Enterobacteriaceae</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing - Clinical

The performance of Remel Spectra™ ESBL was evaluated at three different clinical hospitals in the United States. A total of 1176 prospective rectal swab (439) and fecal (737) surveillance specimens were evaluated. Results from Spectra™ ESBL at 18-24 hours incubation were compared to those obtained from growth on MacConkey agar with a ${ 1 0 \mu \ g }$ cefpodoxime disk between the $1 ^ { \mathfrak { s t } }$ and $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ quadrants and selection of colonies from within the zone of inhibition, followed by biochemical identification and disk diffusion phenotypic confirmatory antimicrobial susceptibility testing for ESBLs as outlined in the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute document M100-S23.

# Gender and Demographic Summary of Subjects in Spectra™ ESBL Clinical Study

Table 1.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Location</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>409{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1176</td></tr></table>

1 All perirectal swabs 2 408/409 fresh stool 1/409 perirectal swab 3 All fresh stool

# Age and Demographic Summary of Subjects in Spectra™ ESBL Clinical Study

Table 2.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Location</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66-95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>488</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1176</td></tr></table>

1 All perirectal swabs 2 408/409 fresh stool $1 / 4 0 9$ perirectal swab 3 All fresh stool

# Table 3a

# 18/24 Hours Incubation: Clinical isolates Combined Site performance for Remel Spectra™ ESBL

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall 18 hr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Remel Spectra ™ESBL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>928</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>201/204 = 98.5%(95.8-99.5%))</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>925/1032 = 89.6% (87.6-91.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall 24 hr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Remel Spectra ™MESBL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>914</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>916</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>203/205 = 99.0% (96.5-99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>914/1031 = 88.7% (86.6-90.4%)</td></tr></table>

1 Pink, Tan, Blue/Turquoise Green colonies. 2 Colonies other than Pink, Tan, Blue/Turquoise Green, or No Growth $3 9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval Note: For perirectal swabs at both 18 and 24h, sensitivity was $1 1 0 / 1 1 1 = 9 9 . 1 \%$ $( 9 4 . 2 - 9 9 . 8 \% )$ and specificity was $3 1 3 / 3 4 9 = 8 9 . 7 \%$ $( 8 6 . 1 \substack { - 9 2 . 5 \% } )$ . For stool samples after 18h, sensitivity was $9 1 / 9 3 = 9 7 . 8 \%$ $( 9 2 . 5 { - } 9 9 . 4 \% )$ and specificity was $5 1 2 / 6 8 3 = 8 9 . 6 \%$ $( 8 7 . 1 { - } 9 1 . 7 \% )$ while after 24h, sensitivity and specificity were $9 3 / 9 4 = 9 8 . 9 \%$ $( 9 4 . 2 \substack { - 9 9 . 8 \% } )$ and $6 0 1 / 6 8 2 = 8 8 . 1 \%$ $( 8 5 . 5 \substack { - 9 0 . 3 \% }$ ) respectively.

# 18/24 Hours Incubation Organisms recovered on Spectra™ ESBL at Combined sites: comparison of colony color to isolate ID/confirmed ESBL phenotype

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall 18 hr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spectra Colony ID and ESBLPhenotype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Remel Spectra ™ESBL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$105}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>928</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>203/205 = 99.0% (96.5-99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>926/1031 = 89.8% (87.8-91.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall 24 hr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Spectra Colony ID and ESBLPhenotype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Remel Spectra ™ESBL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>916</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>916</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>206/206 = 100.0%(98.2-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>916/1030 = 88.9% (86.9-90.7%)</td></tr></table>

1 Pink, Tan, Blue/Turquoise Green colonies. 2 Colonies other than Pink, Tan, Blue/Turquoise Green, or No Growth $3 9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval 4 ESBL positive E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca or P. mirabilis 5 104/105 Enterobacteriaceae sp. 6 113/114 Enterobacteriaceae sp.

# Interfering Substances:

Substances known to be present in fecal samples and/or perirectal swabs were evaluated for potential interference with the growth and/or chromogenic reaction of target organisms on Spectra™ ESBL. The highest concentration of each substance tested in a liquefied stool matrix at which no interference was observed is shown in Table 4.

Table 4 Substances evaluated for interference with growth and/or colony color on Spectra™ ESBL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at Which NoInterference Was Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56 mg/mL1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bisacodyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% (w/v)^{2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fletcher&#x27;s Castoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycerin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% (w/v)^{2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imodium AD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kaopectate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KY Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% w/v1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56 mg/mL 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Miconazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% w/v^1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mylanta ES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% v/v^1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nanoxynol-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepcid AC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% v/v 1 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% w/v 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation HWipes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% v/v 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prilosec OTC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% v/v 1, 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tagamet HB 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v^{2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56 mg/mL 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% w/v 1</td></tr></table>

1 Shown to be inhibitory at higher concentration 2 1 suppository or tablet dissolved in 10mLPBS, then added to stool

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility study of the Spectra™ ESBL was evaluated by testing nine (9) blinded ESBL and Non-ESBL isolates at three (3) sites. The testing occurred over five (5) consecutive work days with at least two (2) operators at each site and using 2 target levels of each panel member ( $\cdot { 1 0 } ^ { 4 }$ and $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ ) to ensure reproducibility and to document proficiency in the performance of the test (i.e. 9 isolates x 2 operators x 5 days x 3 sites). At both target levels there was $100 \%$ agreement with expected colony color for all the ESBL-producing organisms (210/210) and there were no false positive results with either of the non-ESBL-producing strains (0/60) (Table 5).

Table 5. Reproducibility Study for detection of ESBL producing E. coli (3), K. pneumoniae (3) and K. oxytoca (1) and non ESBL producing E. coli (1) and K. pneumoniae (1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spectra™ESBLpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spectra™ESBLNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# Reactivity

The ability of Spectra™ ESBL to support growth of ESBL producing organisms was evaluated by testing a total of 48 confirmed ESBL-producing strains: $^ { 2 7 } E .$ coli, $8 K .$ pneumoniae, 7 K. oxytoca and 6 P. mirabilis. Each of the strains grew with the expected colony color when diluted in saline and inoculated on Spectra™ ESBL at a concentration of ${ { 1 0 } ^ { 3 } }$ cfu/plate.

# Cross Reactivity

One hundred ten (110) microorganisms including 61 strains of confirmed non-ESBL producing Enterobacteriaceae and 49 strains of non-Enterobacteriaceae species (representing gram negative rods, yeast, fungi, streptococci, enterococci, staphylococci and related organisms) were evaluated with Spectra™ ESBL. Nineteen (19) non-ESBL Enterobacteriaceae isolates grew on Spectra™ ESBL, as well as 3 non-Enterobacteriaceae (2 Acinetobacter spp. and 1 Pseudomonas aeruginosa). All the Enterobacteriaceae that grew had a typical colony color expected for an ESBL isolate, except for

Salmonella spp., which appeared transparent. Of the 22 isolates that exhibited growth, all but 3 had high cephalosporin MIC’s (with or without the clavulanic acid) and would be expected to grow on Spectra™ ESBL. Overall, cross reactivity testing showed that most non-target organisms known to be common fecal flora, will not grow on Spectra™ ESBL. Acinetobacter and other non-Enterobacteriaceae organisms that grew can be differentiated from target organisms by colony color; however, further testing should be performed on well-isolated pink, blue-turquoise-green or tan colonies obtained on Spectra™ ESBL to confirm ID and ESBL status.

# CONCLUSION

The analytical and clinical data demonstrate that Spectra™ ESBL is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device.