DIASORIN INCORPORATED JOHN C. WALTER   
PRESIDENT   
1951 NORTHWESTERN AVE. STILLWATER, MN 55082

Re: K162959 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON® EA IgG and LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3235 Regulation Name: Epstein-Barr virus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: LSE, JJX Dated: October 21, 2016 Received: December 5, 2016

Dear Mr. Walter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

For: Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known) K162959

Device Name   
LIAISON® EA IgG   
LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EA IgG Serum Control Set

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

T bure m rollectionomationtateaverhours  ponseclud evstcinsear existg da surcs atheand aian e da eeed ncp and review he collection nformation. Sendcomments regarding this burden estimate o any other asect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hs.gov

e yc o  pr  q nd  ol information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

SUBMITTED BY:

DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285

# CONTACT:

Sunita Teekasingh Regulatory Affairs Manager Email: sunita.teekasingh@diasorin.com

DATE OF PREPARATION:

October 21, 2016

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® EA IgG LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set

Common Names/Description:

Immunoassay for the detection of IgG antibodies to EBV early antigen-diffuse [EA(D)]

Classification:

Epstein-Barr virus serological reagents, 21 CFR 866.3235; Class I, Microbiology (83)

Product Code:

LSE, JJX

PREDICATE DEVICE:

DiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgG (K060204)

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The LIAISON® EA IgG is an indirect chemiluminescence immunassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON Analyzer family\* for the qualitative determination of IgG antibodies to Epstine-Barr virus (EBV) early antigen-diffuse [ea(D)] in human serum.

The LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set (negative and positive) consists of liquid ready-to-use controls in human serum/defibrinated plasma. The negative control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of negative patient specimens and the positive control is intended to provide an assay response characteristic of positive patient specimens.

The controls are designed for use with DiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgG assay on the LIAISON® Analyzer family.

# INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® EA IgG assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON® Analyzer family\* for the qualitative determination of specific IgG antibodies to Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) early antigen-diffuse [EA(D)] in human serum. This assay uses a 47-kDa recombinant antigen expressed in E. coli DH-1 cells. When performed in conjunction with other EBV markers, this assay can be used as an aid in the clinical laboratory diagnosis of Epstein-Barr Viral Syndrome in patients with signs and symptoms of EBV infection such as infectious mononucleosis.

LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® EA IgG assay on the LIAISON® Analyzer family\*. The performance characteristics of the LIAISON® EA IgG controls have not been established for any other assay or instrument platforms different from the LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.

\*(LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL)

COMPARISON TO THE PREDICATE (Description of the Modifications to the Legally Marketed

The following tables provide a summary of the FDA cleared LIAISON® EA IgG assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LIAISON® EA IgG assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgGK060204, Cleared 10/18/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LIAISON® EA IgG assay useschemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA)technology on the LIAISON® Analyzerfamily* for the qualitative determination ofspecific IgG antibodies to Epstein-Barrvirus (EBV) early antigen-diffuse [EA(D)]in human serum. This assay uses a 47-kDa recombinant antigen expressed in E.Coli DH-1 cells. When performed inconjunction with other EBV markers, thisassay can be used as an aid in theclinincal laboratory diagnosis of Epstein-Barr Viral Syndrome in patients with signsand symptoms of EBV infection such asinfectious mononucleosis.*(LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology/Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent Immunoassay (CLIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleHandling/AssayProcessing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8° C until ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG antibodies to Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)earlly antigen-diffuse [EA(D)].</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling (IFU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>References buffer based controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>References serum basedcontrols</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Provided Separately</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr></table>

Changes to the DiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set include a $100 \%$ serum/defibrinated plasma based matrix and the extension of the open use stability claim.

The following table provides a summary of the similarities and differences between the FDA cleared LIAISON® Control EA IgG Control and the modified device, LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary of Similarities and Differences LIAISON EA IgG Serum Control Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® Control EA IgGK060204, Cleared 10/18/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceDiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgG SerumControl Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LIAISON® EA IgG Controls(negative, positive) are used formonitoring substantial reagent failureof the LIAISON® EA IgGchemiluminescent immunoassay(CLIA). The LIAISON® EA IgGquality control material contains onlya 5% serum matrix and may notadequately control the DiaSorinLIAISON® EA IgG assay for serumspecimens. The performance of theLIAISON® EA IgG Controls has notbeen established with any other EAassay or instrument platformsdifferent from LIAISON® andLIAISON©® XL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiaSorin LIAISON® EA IgGSerum Control Set is intended foruse as assayed quality controlsamples to monitor the performanceof the LIAISON® EA IgG assay onthe LIAISON® Analyzer family*. Theperformance characteristics of theLIAISON® EA IgG controls have notbeen established for any other assayor instrument platforms different fromthe LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL.*(LIAISON® and LIAISON® XL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human serum/defibrinatedplasma not reactive for EA IgGantibodies, diluted in PBS buffer,BSA, with ProClin® 300 as apreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum/defibrinated plasmanon-reactive for EA IgG antibodies,0.1% ProClin® 300 and 0.09%sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Human serum/defibrinatedplasma reactive for EA IgGantibodies, diluted in PBS buffer,BSA, with ProClin® 300 as apreservative and an inert yellow dye.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum/defibrinated plasmareactive for EA IgG antibodies, 0.1%ProClin® 300 and 0.09% sodiumazide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentConfiguration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials each level (negative andpositive) 0.7 mL/vial, ready to use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open UseStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable forfour (4) weeks when properly storedat 2-8°C between uses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once opened controls are stable foreight (8) weeks when properly storedat 2-8°C between uses.</td></tr></table>

ProClin® is a trademark of the Dow Chemical Company (Dow) or an affiliated company.

# SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA:

Non-clinical verification and validation testing conducted with the LIAISON® EA IgG and LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set demonstrate that the modified device meets predetermined acceptance criteria, supporting equivalency of the modified device to the cleared device. Evidence is demonstrated through the following studies:

Testing of the LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set to validate and verify:

Commutability between samples and controls (matrix effect Precison equivalence between samples and controls o 20 Day Precison Control value assignment • Control range definition

Real Time Stability testing conducted on the LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set to support the following product claims:

• Shelf-life of 12 months at $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ Eight (8) weeks open use stability when stored at ${ 2 / 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ between uses

Based on the results from the validation and verification activities, the modifications to the LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set do not introduce any new risks to the performance of the device.

# CONCLUSION:

As summarized, the LIAISON® EA IgG and LIAISON® EA IgG Serum Control Set is substantially equivalent to the originally cleared device. The changes to the device do not constitute new intended/indications for use, or changes to the fundamental scientific technology. Performance testing of the device demonstrates that the device functions as intended, meeting the requirements of design specifications. The device was determined to be substantially equivalent to the previously cleared device.

The material submitted in this Special 510(k) is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision. The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR 809.10.