February 9, 2017

CEPHEID   
SCOTT A. CAMPBELL   
CORPORATE VICE PRESIDENT & CHIEF REGULTORY OFFICER   
904 CARIBBEAN DRIVE   
SUNNYVALE, CA 94089

Re: K162331 Trade/Device Name: Xpert® Xpress Flu/RSV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OOI, JSM Dated: August, 18 2016 Received: August 23, 2016

Dear Dr. Campbell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Cepheid Xpert® Xpress Flu/RSV Assay, performed on the GeneXpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Instrument Systems, is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Xpress $\mathrm { F l u } /$ RSV Assay uses nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus infections in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2015-2016 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Ancillary Collection Kit Indications for Use:

The Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens and to preserve and transport nasal aspirate/wash specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu Assay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

The Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay or the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# CONFIDENTIAL

# 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, CA 90489   
Phone number: (847) 228-3299   
Fax number: (847) 890-6589   
Scott A. Campbell, PhD, MBA   
August 18, 2016

Contact:

Date of Preparation:

Device:

Trade name:

Common name:

Xpert® Xpress Flu/RSV Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay

Type of Test:

Automated, multiplex real-time reverse transcriptionpolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA.

Regulation number/ Classification name/ Product code:

866.3980/Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid   
assay/OCC   
866.2570/Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test   
systems/OOI   
866.2390/Culture Media, Non-propagating   
Transport/JSM

Classification Advisory Panel

Class II Microbiology (83)

Yes

Prescription Use Predicate Devices Assay:

1) For the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV A/B viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab specimens: Xpert® Flu/RSV XC Assay [510(k) #K142045]

2) For the Sample Collection Kits:

Cepheid Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit [510(k) # K151226]

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Device Description:

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is a rapid, automated in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A (Flu A), influenza B (Flu B), and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA directly from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens. The assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems.

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay includes reagents for the simultaneous detection and differentiation of the target viruses. The primers and probes in the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay detect the presence of nucleic acid sequences for Flu A, Flu B, and RSV directly from NP swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are internal controls utilized by the GeneXpert Instrument System platform. The SPC is present in every assay to control for adequate processing of the target viruses and to monitor for the presence of inhibitor(s) in the PCR assay to avoid false-negative results. The PCC verifies reagent rehydration, real-time PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability.

The specimens are collected in viral transport medium and transported to the GeneXpert area. The specimen is prepared according to package insert instructions and transferred to the sample chamber (large opening) of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay cartridge. The GeneXpert cartridge is loaded onto the GeneXpert Instrument System platform, which performs hands-off automated sample processing and real-time RT-PCR for detection of Flu and RSV viral RNA. Summary and detailed test results are obtained in approximately 30 minutes or less. The results are automatically generated at the end of the process in a report that can be viewed and printed.

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Device Intended Use:

The Cepheid Xpert® Xpress Flu/RSV Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay uses nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus infections in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2015- 2016 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Ancillary Specimen Collection Kit

The Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens and to preserve and transport nasal aspirate/wash specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of

# CONFIDENTIAL

respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu Assay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

The Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu $^ +$ RSV Xpress Assay or the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is substantially equivalent to the current Xpert® Flu/RSV XC Assay [510(k) #K142045]. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay detects influenza A, influenza B, and RSV A/B from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens and the Xpert® Flu/RSV XC Assay detects influenza A, influenza B, and RSV from both NP swab specimens and nasal aspirates/washes (NA/W) specimens. Both assays utilize the same technology by determining the presence of the target organisms through real-time RT-PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection. A multicenter clinical study was conducted to determine the performance characteristics of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay relative to the predicate device, which has been FDA cleared for NP swab and NA/W specimens. Discordant results between the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the reference method Prodesse ProFlu $^ +$ Assay [510(k) # K132129] were analyzed by bi-directional sequencing using primers different from those used in the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. The study results showed that the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Table 8-1 shows the similarities and differences between the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the predicate devices.

Table 8-1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Xpress $\mathbf { F l u / R S V }$ Assay with the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert® Flu/RSV XC510(k)# K142045</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, 001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologyPrinciple ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex real time RT-PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV Assay, performed onthe GeneXpert InstrumentSystems, is an automated,multiplex real-time, reversetranscriptase polymerasechain reaction (RT-PCR)assay intended for the in vitroqualitative detection anddifferentiation ofinfluenza A, influenza B, andrespiratory syncytial virus(RSV) viral RNA. The XpertXpress Flu/RSV Assay usesnasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens collected frompatients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection. The Xpert XpressFlu/RSV Assay is intended asan aid in the diagnosis ofinfluenza and respiratorysyncytial virus infections inconjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors.Negative results do not</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid Xpert® Flu/RSVXC Assay is an automated,multiplex real-time, reversetranscriptase polymerase chainreaction (RT-PCR) assayintended for the in vitroqualitative detection anddifferentiation ofinfluenza A, influenza B, andrespiratory syncytial virus(RSV) viral RNA. The XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay usesnasopharyngeal swab andnasal aspirate/wash specimenscollected from patients withsigns and symptoms ofrespiratory infection. TheXpert Flu/RSV XC Assay isintended as an aid in thediagnosis of influenza andrespiratory syncytial virusinfections in conjunction withclinical and epidemiologicalrisk factors.Negative results do not</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Device Predicate</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Cepheid Xpert® Xpress Flu/RSV</td><td>Cepheid Xpert® Flu/RSV XC 510(k)# K142045</td></tr><tr><td>RSV</td><td>preclude influenza virus or infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2015- 2016 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.</td><td>preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2013-2014 influenza season. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert® Flu/RSV XC510(k)# K142045</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection in conjunction withclinical and epidemiologicalrisk factors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Virus, InfluenzaB Virus, and RSV viral RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExtractionMethods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparation integratedin GeneXpert Cartridge andGeneXpert InstrumentationSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpertInstrument Systems; sameCepheid I-core technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Encapsulated (armored) RNApseudovirus as a sampleprocessing control.Available but not provided areinactivated virus controls forinfluenza A/B and RSV asexternal positive controls, andCoxsackie virus as an externalnegative control.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers andprobes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes to detectthe presence of nucleic acidsequences of influenza A,influenza B, and RSV.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes to detectthe presence of influenza A,influenza A subtype H7N9,influenza B and RSV.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaboratoryUsers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory users in moderateand high complexitylaboratory settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained and automatedafter mixed specimen is addedto cartridge. All otherreagents are contained in thecartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers andprobes forinfluenza A,influenza B,and influenzaA subtypeH1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes to detectthe presence of nucleic acidsequences of influenza A,influenza B, and RSV A/B.The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSVAssay contains primers andprobes to detect additionalRNA segments in order toprotect the assay sensitivityand specificity from mutationsin the influenza genome dueto antigenic drifts and shifts.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primers and probes to detectthe presence of nucleic acidsequences of influenza A,influenza B, and RSV A/B.The Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assaycontains primers and probes todetect additional RNAsegments in order to protectthe assay sensitivity andspecificity from mutations inthe influenza genome due toantigenic drifts and shifts.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetSequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A: Matrix protein(MP),basic polymerase (PB2)and acidic protein (PA)Influenza B: Matrix protein(MP) and Non-structuralproteins (NS 1 and NS 2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A and RSV B:Nucleocapsid protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InternalControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processing control(SPC) and probe checkcontrol (PCC).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CombinatorialAssaySelections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, user may selectcombined assay with alltargets or a Flu only assay or aRSV only assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Early assayterminationfunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Flu only or RSV onlyassay selections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert Flu/RSV XC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal aspirate/wash (NA/W)specimens andNasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to obtaintest results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 30 minutes orless for sample preparationand RT-PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 60 minutes orless for sample preparation andRT-PCR</td></tr></table>

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay has the same intended use and technological characteristics as the predicate device. The clinical study demonstrates that the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

The predicate device for the ancillary specimen collection kit, the Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is the Cepheid Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit, [510(k) # K151226]. The similarities and differences are shown in Table 8-2.

Table 8-2: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Nasopharyngeal SampleCollection Kit510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit isdesigned to collect, preserve,and transport nasopharyngealswab specimens and to preserveand transport nasalaspirate/wash specimenscontaining viruses from patientswith signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the Xpert FluAssay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XCAssay. The Xpert®Nasopharyngeal SampleCollection Kit is designed tocollect, preserve, and transportnasopharyngeal swab specimenscontaining viruses from patients with signs and symptoms ofwith signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the XpertFlu+RSV Xpress Assay and theXpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay.The Xpert NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit has beencleared for use only with theXpert Flu Assay, XpertFlu/RSV XC Assay, XpertFlu+RSV Xpress Assay andXpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit is designedto collect, preserve, and transportnasopharyngeal swab specimensand to preserve and transportnasal aspirate/wash specimenscontaining viruses from patientswith signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the Xpert Flu Assayor the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.The Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit is designedto collect,preserve, and transportnasopharyngeal swab specimenscontaining viruses from patientscontaining viruses from patients with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the Xpert Flu+RSVXpress Assay.The Xpert NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit has beencleared for use only with theXpert Flu Assay, Xpert Flu/RSVXC Assay and Xpert Flu+RSVXpress Assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single-use Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport MediumFormulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hank's Balanced Salt SolutionBovine Serum AlbuminL-cysteineGelatinSucroseL-glutamic acidHEPES bufferVancomycinAmphotericin BColistinPhenol red</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 ± 0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 25°C (refrigeratedand room temperature)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glass Beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 3 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic (medical-gradepolypropylene)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Tube in Kit withindividually-wrapped sterileswab.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Xpert NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert NasopharyngealSampleCollection Kit510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=6>For collection, preservationand transport ofnasopharyngeal swabspecimens and to preserveand transport nasalaspirate/wash specimenscontaining viruses frompatients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysiswith the Xpert Flu Assay,Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay,Xpert Flu+RSV XpressAssay and Xpert XpressFlu/RSV Assay.</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>For collection, preservationand transport ofnasopharyngeal swabspecimens and to preserveand transport nasalaspirate/wash specimenscontaining viruses frompatients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysiswith the Xpert Flu Assay,Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay andXpert Flu+RSV XpressAssay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ith the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>e Xpert</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>pert Fl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2> D</td></tr><tr></tr></table>

Both devices have the same general intended use and use the same technology to collect, store and transport clinical specimens, including viruses, to the laboratory for further testing. The prospective component of the multi-center clinical study of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was conducted using Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit [510(k) # K151226] demonstrating that the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# Non-Clinical Studies:

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

Studies were performed to determine the analytical limit of detection (LoD) of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay with two lots of reagents across three testing days. The higher LoD observed per strain and per lot as determined by probit analysis was selected for verification. Verification of the estimated LoD claim was performed on one reagent lot across a minimum of three

# CONFIDENTIAL

testing days. LoD was established using two influenza A H3N2 strains, two influenza A 2009 H1N1 strains, two influenza B strains, two respiratory syncytial virus A (RSV A) strains and two respiratory syncytial virus B (RSV B) strains. Viruses were diluted into negative pooled NP swab clinical matrix for testing. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration (tissue culture infective dose, TCID $5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ ) per sample that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples with $9 5 \%$ confidence or the lowest concentration at which 19 of 20 replicates were positive. Each strain was tested in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus. The LoD values for each strain tested are summarized in Tables 8-3 – 8-7.

Table 8-3 Confirmed LoD (TCID50/mL): Influenza A 2009 H1N1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirusStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConfirmedLoD(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Florida/27/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr></table>

Table 8-4 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ : Influenza A H3N2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirusStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td></tr></table>

Table 8-5 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ : Influenza B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirusStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfluenzaB/Mass/2/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfluenzaB/Wisconsin/01/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr></table>

Table 8-6 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ ) Respiratory Syncytial Virus A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2/Australia/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/Long/MD/56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td></tr></table>

Table 8-7 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ ): Respiratory Syncytial Virus B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmed LoD(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/Wash/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320/MA/77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 44 cultures consisting of 16 viral, 26 bacterial, and two yeast strains representing common respiratory pathogens or those potentially encountered in the nasopharynx. Three replicates of each bacterial and yeast strain were tested at concentrations o $\mathrm { { f } \geq 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \ C F U / m L }$ with the exception of one strain that was tested at $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { \ C F U / m L }$ (Chlamydia pneumoniae). Three replicates of each virus were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { ~ T C I D } 5 0 ^ { \mathrm { / m L } }$ . The analytical specificity was $100 \%$ . Results are shown in Table 8-8.

Table 8-8 Analytical Specificity of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Template Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.87E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.31E+07 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.55E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.16E+07 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.90E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.31E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.31E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human parainfluenza Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human parainfluenza Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.31E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human parainfluenza Type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.55E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Burkholderia cepacia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+05 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium sp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosis(avirulent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

CONFIDENTIAL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria mucosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40E+07 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus(protein A producer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was evaluated against multiple strains of influenza A H1N1 (seasonal pre-2009), influenza A H1N1 (pandemic 2009), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), avian influenza A (H5N1, H5N2, H6N2, H7N2, H7N3, H2N2, H7N9, and H9N2), influenza B (representing strains from both Victoria and Yamagata lineages), and respiratory syncytial virus subgroups A and B (RSV A and RSV B) at levels near the analytical LoD. A total of 53 strains comprised of 48 influenza viruses (35 influenza A and 13 influenza B) and 5 RSV strains were tested in this study with the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. Three replicates were tested for each strain. All Flu and RSV strains tested positive in all three replicates, except for one Flu A H1N1 strain (A/New Jersey/8/76), which tested positive in 2 of 3 replicates at $0 . 1 \mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ .

Results are shown in Table 8-9.

Further in silico analysis was conducted to determine the predicted cross reactivity of additional influenza A 2009 H1N1-like strains. The results showed $100 \%$ sequence homology for all primer target nucleotide sequences analyzed.

Table 8-9 Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">No Template Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">InfluenzaA H1N1(pre-2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/Iowa/15/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mal/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/55/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Soloman Island/3/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">InfluenzaA H1N1(pdm2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/NY/02/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Colorado/14/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Washington/24/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">VirusInfluenza AH3N(Seasonal)InfluenzaA H3N2(Seasonal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/HongKong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Avianinfluenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Hunan/795/2002(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Hubei/327/2004(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Japanese white eye/HongKong/ 1038/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/WI/34/75 (H5N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/CA431/00 (H6N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/LTC-182743/1943(H7N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/NJ/15086-3/94 (H7N3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Target</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Shanghai/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/Korea/38349-p96323/1996 (H9N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/NY/6750/78 (H2N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Allen/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/GL/1739/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Maryland/1/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Panama/45/90c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/07/2004d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/02/06c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/06d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/01/2010d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/2506/04c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A/NY (Clinical unknown)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>VirusRSV A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strai</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A/WI/629-8-2/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A/W/629-11-1/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B/WV14617/85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B/CH93(18)-18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

a. Purified viral RNA in simulated background matrix was used for avian influenza A viruses due to biosafety regulations.   
b. Inactivated avian influenza A (H7N9) viruses without viral titer was diluted 100,000 fold in simulated background matrix and tested due to biosafety regulations.   
c. Known Victoria lineage.   
d. Known Yamagata lineage.

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Potentially Interfering Substances

In a non-clinical study, potentially interfering substances that may be present in the nasopharynx were evaluated directly relative to the performance of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. Potentially interfering substances in the nasopharynx may include, but are not limited to: blood, nasal secretions or mucus, and nasal and throat medications used to relieve congestion, nasal dryness, irritation, or asthma and allergy symptoms, as well as antibiotics and antivirals. Negative samples $( \mathtt { n } = 8 )$ ) were tested per each substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC). Positive samples $( \mathtt { n } = 8 )$ ) were tested per substance with six influenza (four influenza A and two influenza B) and four RSV (two RSV A and two RSV B) strains spiked at 3X the analytical LoD determined for each strain. All results were compared to positive and negative simulated nasal matrix controls. The simulated nasal matrix consisted of $2 . 5 \%$ (w/v) porcine mucin, $1 \% ( \mathrm { v / v } )$ human whole blood in $0 . 8 5 \%$ sodium chloride (NaCl) formulated in 1x PBS solution with $1 5 \%$ glycerol, which was then diluted 1:5 in UTM. The evaluated substances are listed in Table 8-10 with active ingredients and concentrations tested shown. None of the substances caused interference of the assay at the concentrations tested in this study. All positive and negative replicates were identified correctly using the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay.

Table 8-10 Potentially Interfering Substances in the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description/ActiveIngredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simulated nasalmatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-adrenergic bronchodilator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 mg/mL(equivalent to 1dose per day)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD™&quot; Universal ViralTransport System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4RT®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M6®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat lozenges, oralanesthetic and analgesic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified Mucin protein(Bovine or porcinesubmaxillary gland)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasal ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride (0.65%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anefrin Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline,,0.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PHNY Nasal Drops</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine, 0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tamiflu Anti-viral drugs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibacterial, systemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luffa opperculata,Galphimia glauca,Histaminumhydrochloricum Sulfur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone Propionate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Carry-Over Contamination

A study was conducted to demonstrate that single-use, self-contained GeneXpert cartridges prevent carry-over contamination of negative samples when followed by very high positive samples in the same GeneXpert module. The study consisted of a negative sample processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately followed by a very high influenza A sample $( \mathrm { A } / \mathrm { V i c t o r i a } / 3 6 1 / 2 0 1 1 , 2 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ or a very high RSV A sample (A/Long/MD/26, $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ TCID50/mL) spiked into a simulated nasal matrix. This testing scheme was repeated 20 times on two GeneXpert modules for a total of 82 runs resulting in 40 positive and 42 negative specimens for each virus type. All 40 positive samples were correctly reported as Flu A POSITIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE or Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE;RSV POSITIVE. All 42 negative samples were correctly reported as Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE.

# Fresh vs. Frozen Sample Equivalency Study

Fresh and frozen specimen equivalency in the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was evaluated by testing individual influenza and RSV strains at three different concentrations representing low positives (2X LoD), moderate positives (5X LoD), and high positives (10X LoD) in pooled negative NP swab clinical matrix. Negative samples consisted of pooled negative NP swab clinical matrix only. Fresh and frozen specimen equivalency was determined using one seasonal Flu A H3N2 strain (A/Victoria/361/2011), one Flu B strain (B/Mass/2/2012), one RSV A strain (RSVA/2/Australia/61), and one RSV B strain (RSV-B/Wash/18537/62). Replicates of 20 were tested for each specimen type and concentration. All positive and negative specimens were tested fresh, after one freeze- thaw cycle, and after two freeze-thaw cycles. There was no difference in the performance of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay between fresh virus dilutions and two sequential freeze thaw

# CONFIDENTIAL

cycles for positive and negative samples. All positive and negative replicates were correctly identified using the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay.

# Competitive Interference Study

Competitive interference of the assay caused by the presence of two targets in the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was evaluated by testing individual influenza and RSV strains near the LoD in the presence of different influenza or RSV strains at a higher concentration in a simulated nasal matrix. The concentration of each strain at LoD ranged from $0 . 4 5 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ to $1 . 6 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ and the concentration of the competitive strains ranged from $1 0 ^ { 1 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ to $1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . Analytical competitive interference was assessed using one (1) seasonal Flu A H3 strain (H3/Victoria/361/2011), one (1) Flu B strain (B/Mass/2/2012), one (1) RSV A strain (RSV-A/2/Australia/61), and one (1) RSV B strain (RSV-B/Wash/18537/62). Replicates of 20 were tested for each target strain and each competitive strain combination. The normal binomial distribution with 20 replicate samples at LoD is between 17 and 20 positive results based on the binomial distribution with $\Nu { = } 2 0$ , $\mathrm { p } { = } . 9 5$ $( \mathrm { X } { \sim } \mathrm { B i n } ( 2 0 , 0 . 9 5 ) )$ . Therefore, sets of 20 with 16 or less positives would be rare and an indication of a competitive inhibitory effect due to high levels of a competing analyte.

 With Flu A/Victoria/361/2011 at a concentration of $0 . 8 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ no competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012; $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of RSV-A/2/Australia/6; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 4 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ of RSV-B/Wash/18537/62.   
 With Flu B/Mass/2/2012 at a concentration of $0 . 4 5 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011. No competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of RSV-A/2/Australia/6; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } \ T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ of RSV-B/Wash/18537/62.   
 With RSV-A/2/Australia/6 at a concentration of $1 . 1 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu

# CONFIDENTIAL

A/Victoria/361/2011. No competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } \ T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012.

With RSV-B/Wash/18537/62 at a concentration of $0 . 9 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011 or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012. No competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $1 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012. When the concentration of RSV-B/Wash/18537/62 was increased to $1 . 6 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ , no competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 2 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012.

Under the conditions of this study, internal competitive inhibitory effects were observed on the targets (Flu A, Flu B, and RSV) in the presence of two targets for the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. The competitive inhibitory effect on the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV targets is addressed in the Limitations section of the package insert.

# Clinical Studies

# Clinical Comparison Study

Performance characteristics of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay were evaluated at eleven institutions in the U.S. during the 2015-2016 influenza season. Due to the low prevalence of influenza viruses and the difficulty in obtaining fresh influenza and RSVpositive specimens, the specimen population for this study was supplemented with consecutively collected, frozen specimens.

Specimens were collected from the following:

Individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection who provided informed consent for the collection of a NP swab specimen.

# CONFIDENTIAL

Individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and whose routine care called for collection of NP swab specimens for influenza and/or RSV testing. For eligible subjects, aliquots of leftover specimens were obtained for testing with the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and reference testing, and patient management continued at the site per their standard practice.

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay performance was compared to FDA-cleared molecular comparator assay. Bi- directional sequencing was performed on specimens where the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the comparator assay were discrepant, and is provided for informational purposes only.

# Overall Results – NP Swab Specimens

A total of $2 0 6 5 \mathrm { N P }$ swab specimens were tested for influenza A, influenza B and RSV by the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the comparator assay. Of the 2065 NP swab specimens, 1142 were fresh, prospectively collected and 923 were consecutively collected, frozen specimens.

For the fresh, prospectively collected NP swab specimens, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $9 4 . 6 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ , detection of influenza A; $100 \%$ and $9 9 . 1 \%$ for influenza B, respectively; and $100 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ , for RSV, respectively, relative to the comparator assay (Table 8-11).

For the consecutively collected, frozen NP swab specimens, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $100 \%$ and $9 7 . 2 \%$ for the detection of influenza A, respectively; $100 \%$ and $9 8 . 2 \%$ for influenza B, respectively; and $9 7 . 9 \%$ and $9 7 . 7 \%$ for RSV, respectively, relative to the comparator assay (Table 8-11).

For the combined dataset, relative to the comparator assay, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $9 8 . 1 \%$ and $9 8 . 4 \%$ for the detection of influenza A, respectively; $100 \%$ and $9 8 . 7 \%$ for influenza B respectively; and $9 8 . 5 \%$ and $9 8 . 8 \%$ for RSV, respectively (Table 8-11).

# Table 8-11 Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay Performance on NP Swab Specimens

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fresh,prospectivelycollected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ga</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%(CI:82.3-98.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%(CI:98.6-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1090</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(CI:91.6-100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%(CI:98.3-99.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(CI:81.6-100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%(CI:99.0-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Frozen,consecutivelycollected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>830</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(CI:94.7-100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(CI:95.9-98.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>871</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(CI:90.4-100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%(CI:97.1-98.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>855</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(CI:89.1-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%(CI:96.5-98.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%(CI:93.4-99.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%(CI:97.7-98.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1961</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(CI:95.3-100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%(CI:98.1-99.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(CI:91.8-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%(CI:98.2-99.2)</td></tr></table>

a.Testing results by sequencing: 3 of 8 were Flu A Positive;4 of 8 were Flu A Negative; 1 of 8 insufficient specimen for sequencing.   
b Testing results by sequencing: 2 of 2 were Flu A Negative.   
c.Testing results by sequencing: 6 of 10 were Flu B Positive; 3 of 10 were Flu B Negative; 1 of 10 insufficient specimen for sequencing.   
d.Testing results by sequencing: 0 of 5 were RSV Positive;3 of 5 were RSV Negative; 2 of 5 insufficient specimen for sequencing. e.Testing results by sequencing: 8 of 24 were Flu A Positive; 11 of 24 were Flu A Negative; 5 of 24 insufficient specimen for sequencing.   
f. Testing results by sequencing: 7 of 16 were Flu B Positive; 3 of 16 were Flu B Negative; 6 of 16 insufficient specimen for sequencing.   
g.Testing results by sequencing: 3 of 20 were RSV Positive; 8 of 20 were RSV Negative; 9 of 20 insufficient specimen for sequencing.   
h.Testing results by sequencing: 1 of 1 was RSV Negative.   
i. Testing results by sequencing: 11 of 32 were Flu A Positive; 15 of 32 were Flu A Negative; 6 of 32 insufficient specimen for sequencing.   
j. Testing results by sequencing: 13 of 26 were Flu B Positive; 6 of 26 were Flu B Negative; 7 of 26 insufficient specimen for sequencing.   
k.Testing results by sequencing: 3 of 25 were RSV Positive; 11 of 25 were RSV Negative; 11 of 25 insufficient specimen for sequencing l. Nine specimens (8 Flu A FP; 9 Flu B FP; 7 RSV FP) were positive for all three targets.

# CONFIDENTIAL

Of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay runs performed with eligible specimens, $9 8 . 4 \%$ (2038/2071) of these specimens were successful on the first attempt. The remaining 33 gave indeterminate results on the first attempt (20 ERROR, 10 INVALID, and 3 NO RESULT). The initial indeterminate rate was $1 . 5 9 \%$ (33/2071) with the $9 5 \%$ CI $1 . 1 4 \substack { - 2 . 2 3 \% }$ . Thirty of the 33 indeterminate cases were retested, of which 27 yielded valid results upon repeat testing; three specimens were not retested. The overall rate of assay success was $9 9 . 7 \%$ (2065/2071). The overall indeterminate rate after retesting was $0 . 3 \%$ (6/2071) with $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } 0 . 1 3 \ – 0 . 6 3 \%$ .

In addition, there were 102 pre-selected frozen NP swab specimens tested. The results of this testing were analyzed separately and are as follows: the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $100 \%$ and $9 5 . 8 \%$ , for influenza A, respectively; $100 \%$ and $9 4 . 5 \%$ for influenza B, respectively; and $100 \%$ and $9 5 . 7 \%$ , for RSV, respectively, relative to the comparator assay.

# Reproducibility Study

Reproducibility was established in a multi-center, blinded study using a sevenmember specimen panel consisting of a negative control and two each of simulated nasal matrix spiked with influenza A, influenza B or RSV at 1X (low pos) and 2-3X (mod pos) the respective LODs. Testing was performed at three sites (one internal, two external) using the GeneXpert Dx system, the Infinity48 system, and the Infinity-80 system. Two operators at each site tested one panel in duplicate two times per day (equivalent to four replicates per day) over six, not necessarily consecutive days. Three lots of Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV cartridges were used, with each lot representing approximately two days of testing. Results are summarized in Table 8-12.

Table 8-12 Summary of Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1/Infinity-80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2/DX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3/Infinity-48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreement bySamplea</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(21/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(44/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7%(22/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6%(44/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7%(134/143)b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(23/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(23/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(46/46)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(142/142)b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%(137/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%(142/144)c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(21/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(43/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(23/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(47/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(135/143)b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(23/23)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(47/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(143/143)b</td></tr></table>

a. Agreement calculated based on expected result: Negative for Negative (targeted positivity: $0 \%$ ); Positive for Low Pos (targeted positivity: $9 5 \%$ ) and Mod Pos (targeted positivity: $1 0 0 \%$ ) samples. b. Fives samples $2 \mathbf { x }$ indeterminate [Flu A Low Pos (1); Flu A Mod Pos (2); RSV Low Pos (1); RSV Mod Pos (1)] c. Two Flu B Mod Pos samples were positive for all three targets

The reproducibility of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was also evaluated in terms of the fluorescence signal expressed in Ct values for each target detected. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) betweensites, between- days, between-lots and between-operators for each panel member are presented in Table 8-13.

Table 8-13 Summary of Reproducibility Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AssayChannel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B-Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-LowPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-ModPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.