September 25, 2017

BIOMERIEUX, INC.   
NATHAN HARDESTY   
MANAGER, REGULATORY AFFAIRS MICROBIOLOGY 595 ANGLUM RD.   
HAZELWOOD MO 63042

Re: K162950 Trade/Device Name: VITEK MS Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3361 Regulation Name: Mass spectrometer system for clinical use for the identification of microorganisms Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PEX Dated: June 16, 2017 Received: June 19, 2017

Dear Mr. Hardesty:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of July 22, 2017.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kristian M. Roth -S For:

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K162950

Indications for Use (Describe) VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MS is a mass spectrometry system using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization  time of flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) for the identification of microorganisms cultured from human specimens.

The VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MS is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic device indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial, yeast and mould infections.

(See Attached for 'List of Claimed Organisms')

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burde tm r h olectionoation tateavergehourseeponse,incdie time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Abiotrophia defectiva   
Achromobacter denitrificans 1   
Achromobacter xylosoxidans 1   
Acinetobacter baumannii complex   
Acinetobacter haemolyticus   
Acinetobacter junii   
Acinetobacter lwoffii   
Actinomyces meyeri   
Actinomyces neuii   
Actinomyces odontolyticus   
Aerococcus viridans   
Aeromonas hydrophila/caviae 2   
Aeromonas sobria 2 3   
Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans   
Aggregatibacter aphrophilus   
Aggregatibacter segnis   
Alcaligenes faecalis ssp faecalis   
Bacteroides caccae   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Bacteroides ovatus 4   
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron   
Bacteroides uniformis   
Bacteroides vulgatus   
Bordetella parapertussis   
Bordetella pertussis   
Brevundimonas diminuta   
Burkholderia multivorans   
Campylobacter coli   
Campylobacter jejuni   
Candida albicans   
Candida dubliniensis   
Candida famata   
Candida glabrata   
Candida guilliermondii   
Candida haemulonii   
Candida inconspicua   
Candida intermedia   
Candida kefyr   
Candida krusei   
Candida lambica   
Candida lipolytica   
Candida lusitaniae   
Candida norvegensis   
Candida parapsilosis   
Candida pelliculosa   
Candida rugosa   
Candida tropicalis   
Candida utilis   
Candida zeylanoides   
Chryseobacterium indologenes   
Citrobacter amalonaticus   
Citrobacter braaki 5   
Citrobacter freundii 5   
Citrobacter koseri   
Citrobacter youngae 5   
Clostridium clostridioforme   
Clostridium difficile   
Clostridium perfringens   
Clostridium ramosum   
Corynebacterium jeikeium   
Cronobacter sakazakii   
Cryptococcus neoformans   
Edwardsiella hoshinae   
Edwardsiella tarda   
Eikenella corrodens   
Elizabethkingia meningoseptica   
Enterobacter aerogenes   
Enterobacter asburiae 6   
Enterobacter cancerogenus   
Enterobacter cloacae 6   
Enterococcus avium   
Enterococcus casseliflavus   
Enterococcus durans   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Enterococcus faecium   
Enterococcus gallinarum   
Escherichia coli 7   
Escherichia fergusonii   
Escherichia hermannii   
Ewingella americana   
Finegoldia magna   
Fusobacterium necrophorum   
Fusobacterium nucleatum   
Gardnerella vaginalis   
Gemella haemolysans   
Gemella morbillorum   
Granulicatella adiacens   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Haemophilus parahaemolyticus   
Haemophilus parainfluenzae   
Hafnia alvei   
Kingella denitrificans   
Kingella kingae   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Kodamaea ohmeri   
Lactococcus garvieae   
Lactococcus lactis ssp lactis 8   
Leclercia adecarboxylata   
Legionella pneumophila   
Leuconostoc mesenteroides   
Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides   
Listeria monocytogenes   
Malassezia furfur   
Malassezia pachydermatis   
Micrococcus luteus   
Mobiluncus curtisii   
Moraxella (Branhamella) catarrhalis   
Morganella morganii   
Neisseria cinerea   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae 9   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Neisseria mucosa 10   
Ochrobactrum anthropi   
Oligella ureolytica   
Oligella urethralis   
Pantoea agglomerans   
Parvimonas micra   
Pasteurella multocida   
Pediococcus acidilactici   
Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus   
Peptostreptococcus anaerobius   
Pluralibacter gergoviae   
Prevotella bivia   
Prevotella buccae   
Prevotella denticola   
Prevotella intermedia   
Prevotella melaninogenica   
Propionibacterium acnes   
Proteus mirabilis   
Proteus penneri 11   
Proteus vulgaris 11   
Providencia rettgeri   
Providencia stuartii   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Pseudomonas fluorescens   
Pseudomonas putida   
Pseudomonas stutzeri   
Ralstonia pickettii   
Raoultella ornithinolytica   
Raoultella planticola   
Rhizobium radiobacter   
Rhodotorula mucilaginosa   
Rothia mucilaginosa   
Saccharomyces cerevisiae   
Salmonella group 9   
Saprochaete capitata   
Serratia fonticola   
Serratia liquefaciens   
Serratia marcescens   
Serratia odorifera   
Sphingobacterium multivorum   
Sphingobacterium spiritivorum   
Sphingomonas paucimobilis   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus capitis   
Staphylococcus cohnii ssp cohnii   
Staphylococcus cohnii ssp urealyticus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Staphylococcus haemolyticus   
Staphylococcus hominis ssp hominis 12   
Staphylococcus lugdunensis   
Staphylococcus saprophyticus   
Staphylococcus schleiferi   
Staphylococcus sciuri   
Staphylococcus simulans   
Staphylococcus warneri   
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus anginosus   
Streptococcus constellatus   
Streptococcus dysgalactiae   
Streptococcus gallolyticus ssp gallolytic   
Streptococcus infantarius ssp coli   
Streptococcus infantarius ssp infantarius   
Streptococcus intermedius   
Streptococcus mitis/Streptococcus oralis   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus pyogenes   
Streptococcus salivarius ssp salivarius 13   
Streptococcus sanguinis   
Trichosporon asahii   
Trichosporon inkin   
Trichosporon mucoides   
Vibrio cholerae   
Vibrio parahaemolyticus   
Vibrio vulnificus   
Yersinia enterocolitica   
Yersinia frederiksenii   
Yersinia intermedia   
Yersinia kristensenii   
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis 14

# MYCOBACTERIUM

Mycobacterium abscessus   
Mycobacterium avium   
Mycobacterium chelonae   
Mycobacterium fortuitum group: 15 Mycobacterium alvei Mycobacterium farcinogenes Mycobacterium fortuitum Mycobacterium houstonense Mycobacterium peregrinum Mycobacterium porcinum Mycobacterium senegalense   
Mycobacterium gordonae   
Mycobacterium haemophilum   
Mycobacterium immunogenum   
Mycobacterium intracellulare   
Mycobacterium kansasii   
Mycobacterium lentiflavum   
Mycobacterium malmoense   
Mycobacterium marinum   
Mycobacterium mucogenicum   
Mycobacterium scrofulaceum   
Mycobacterium simiae   
Mycobacterium smegmatis   
Mycobacterium szulgai   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex: 16 Mycobacterium africanum Mycobacterium bovis Mycobacterium canettii Mycobacterium microti Mycobacterium pinnipedii Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycobacterium xenopi

# NOCARDIA

Nocardia abscessus Nocardia asteroides Nocardia brasiliensis Nocardia cyriacigeorgica Nocardia farcinica Nocardia nova 17 Nocardia otitidiscaviarum Nocardia paucivorans Nocardia pseudobrasiliensis Nocardia transvalensis Nocardia veterana Nocardia wallacei

# MOULDS

Acremonium sclerotigenum Alternaria alternata Aspergillus brasiliensis Aspergillus flavus/oryzae Aspergillus fumigatus Aspergillus lentulus Aspergillus nidulans Aspergillus niger complex Aspergillus sydowii Aspergillus terreus complex 18 Aspergillus calidoustus Aspergillus versicolor Blastomyces dermatitidis Cladophialophora bantiana Coccidioides immitis/posadasii Curvularia hawaiiensis Curvularia spicifera Epidermophyton floccosum Exophiala dermatitidis

Exophiala xenobiotica 19 Exserohilum rostratum 19 Fusarium oxysporum complex Fusarium proliferatum Fusarium solani complex Histoplasma capsulatum Lecythophora hoffmannii Lichtheimia corymbifera Microsporum audouinii Microsporum canis Microsporum gypseum Mucor racemosus complex 20 Paecilomyces variotii complex Penicillium chrysogenum

Pseudallescheria boydii Purpureocillium lilacinum Rasamsonia argillacea complex 2 Rhizopus arrhizus complex Rhizopus microsporus complex Sarocladium kiliense Scedosporium apiospermum Scedosporium prolificans Sporothrix schenckii complex Trichophyton interdigitale Trichophyton rubrum Trichophyton tonsurans Trichophyton verrucosum Trichophyton violaceum 22

1. Achromobacter denitrificans and Achromobacter xylosoxidans identifications should be considered as a slashline result, Achromobacter denitrificans/ Achromobacter xylosoxidans. The final identification should be confirmed before sending the final selection to the LIS or to the VITEK® 2 for AST results

2. Aeromonas hydrophila/caviae and Aeromonas sobria should be considered as an Aeromonas species group identification.

3. In KB V3.0.0, Aeromonas sobria is displayed as a low discrimination result with Aeromonas veronii but only Aeromonas sobria has been clinically validated.

4. In KB V3.0.0, Bacteroides ovatus is grouped in a slashline with Bacteroides xylanisolvens. It is not possible to distinguish between the two species. B. ovatus is more commonly associated with human infection.

5. Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter braakii and Citrobacter youngae should be considered as Citrobacter freundii complex.

6. Enterobacter cloacae and Enterobacter asburiae identifications should be considered as a slashline result, Enterobacter cloacae/ Enterobacter asburiae. The final identification should be confirmed before sending the final selection to the LIS or to the VITEK® 2 for AST results.

7. Shigella species and $E .$ . coli O157 are identified as Escherichia coli. Confirmatory tests are required to differentiate Escherichia coli from Shigella species or $E$ . coli O157.

8. In KB V3.0.0 Lactococcus lactis ssp lactis is integrated in a new group Lactococcus lactis (with two other subspecies Lactococcus lactis ssp cremoris and Lactococcus lactis ssp hordniae). In the Lactococcus lactis group only subspecies Lactococcus lactis ssp lactis has been clinically validated.

9. Confirmatory tests recommended for Neisseria gonorrhea and Salmonella species.

10. In KB V3.0.0, Neisseria mucosa is grouped in a slashline with Neisseria sicca. It is not possible to distinguish between the two species. Both species have been associated with human infection.

11. Proteus penneri and Proteus vulgaris identifications should be considered as a slashline result, Proteus penneri/ Proteus vulgaris.

12. In KB V3.0.0 Staphylococcus hominis ssp hominis is integrated in a new group Staphylococus.hominis (with another subspecies S. hominis ssp novobiosepticus). In the Staphylococus.hominis group only subspecies Staphylococcus hominis ssp hominis has been clinically validated.

13. In KB V3.0.0, Streptococcus salivarius ssp salivarius is displayed as a low discrimination result with Streptococcus salivarius ssp thermophilus and Streptococcus vestibularis but only Streptococcus salivarius ssp salivarius has been clinically validated.

14. There is a possibility of cross-identification between Yersinia similis and Yersinia pseudotuberculosis

15. The Mycobacterium fortuitum complex or group displayed in VITEK® MS includes the seven most prominent and closely related species. The VITEK® MS group differs from the ones reported in the literature that may include up to 13 species.

16. The Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex displayed in VITEK® MS includes the four most prevalent species based on different worldwide geographic regions. It does not include two additional species Mycobacterium microti and Mycobacterium pinnipedii as reported in the literature.

17. In KB V3.0.0, Nocardia nova is displayed as a low discrimination result with Nocardia africana but only Nocardia nova has been clinically validated.

18. Both Aspergillus alabamensis and Aspergillus niveus are not identified as Aspergillus terreus complex. No identification is expected with either species.

19. All of the no identifications for this organism were from multiple replicates of the same isolate.

20. Mucor racemosus f. sphaerosporus is not identified as Mucor racemosus complex. No identification is expected. The Mucor racemosus complex is comprised of M. racemosus f. brunneus, M. racemosus f. chibinensis, M. racemosus f. racemosus, and $M .$ racemosus f. sphaerosporus.

21. 3 out of the 5 no identifications for this organism were from multiple replicates of the same isolate.

22. All of the discordant identifications for this organism were from multiple replicates of the same isolate.

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® MS

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, SA   
3 Route de Port Michaud   
La Balme les Grottes, 38390 (France)   
Nathan Hardesty   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs Microbiology   
314 -731-8666   
314-731-8689   
October 14, 2016

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name: Classification Name:

VITEK® MS

21 CFR 866.3361, Mass spectrometer system for clinical use for the identification of microorganisms

Common Name: VITEK® MS, VITEK MS

C. Predicate Device: VITEK® MS (DEN130013 / K124067)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK® MS is mass spectrometry system using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization–time of flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) for the identification of microorganisms cultured from human specimens. The VITEK® MS is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic device indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial, yeast and mould infections.

The VITEK® MS is intended for laboratory use by professional users who are trained in microbiology and good laboratory practices.

This 510(k) is an update to the VITEK® MS (Mass Spectrometry) clinical knowledge base (KB v3.0.0) for the purposes of identifying Mycobacterium, Nocardia, and mould isolates. As the VITEK® MS KB v3.0.0 update includes new indications for use on the VITEK® MS system, new clinical data was required to establish safety and effectiveness. To account for the detection of higher mass peaks, relevant for some moulds and Mycobacterium, the VITEK $\textcircled{8}$ MS acquisition station software was optimized (in v1.5.0) .

Microorganism identifications are made via matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization – time of flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) technology, which includes the three basic principles of ionization, separation, and detection. Depending on the isolate culture, the analyte sample may be directly spotted to a target slide, or for Mycobacterium, Nocardia and mould it must be processed/inactivated before adding to the target slide. Once spotted to the target slide, a matrix is added for the purpose of easy sublimation and strong absorbance in the laser wavelength employed by the instrument.

The slide is then loaded onto the instrument, where a laser targets the sample spot and pulses the isolate spot, resulting in vibrational excitation of matrix and analyte molecules. The matrix transfer protons to the analyte resulting in a positive charge. The ionized molecules are then accelerated in an electromagnetic field and a grid electrode in the ionization chamber. The velocity of the molecules depends on the mass-to-charge $( \mathsf { m } / z )$ ratio of the analyte, with heavier molecules having a higher moment of inertia resulting in a lower velocity.

The time of flight is measured precisely by the ions arrival at a particle detector. Based on the time of flight, the m/z ratio of each particle can be determined, and a mass spectrum of the analyte sample mixture is generated. The mass spectrum displays results as a series of peaks (spectrum) which correspond to the ionized proteins derived from the analyte sample. The mass spectra are sufficiently distinctive to allow taxonomic characterization at the genus and species.

Clinical performance testing for he VITEK® MS v3 / KB v3.0.0 was conducted at five sites, for the purpose of an expanded intended use for Mycobacterium, Nocardia, and moulds. Performance testing included a total of 2,695 Mycobacteria, Nocardia and mould isolates, and evaluation of performance was a comparison of the VITEK MS identification results to molecular sequencing methods (i.e. the reference method). Testing Mycobacteria isolates included samples from both solid and liquid culture media.

Clinical strains for all isolates tested from solid and liquid media at all sites combined show an acceptable agreement rate of $9 4 . 6 \%$ (correct single choice identification plus a low discrimination correct genus result), as well as with each organism group [moulds $( 9 2 . 7 \% )$ , mycobacteria $( 9 6 . 5 \% )$ and Nocardia $( 9 7 . 9 \% ) ]$ . A combined very low error rate of $0 . 7 \%$ (19/2695) was obtained with all isolates tested, and the combined no identification rate was acceptable at $4 . 7 \%$ (127/2695).

When excluding No ID results, clinical strains for all isolates tested from solid and liquid media at all sites combined show a high agreement rate of $9 9 . 3 \%$ (correct single choice identification plus a low discrimination correct genus result), as well as high agreement with each organism group [moulds $( 9 9 . 1 \% )$ ), mycobacteria $( 9 9 . 6 \% )$ and Nocardia $( 9 9 . 2 \% ) ]$ . A very low error rate of $0 . 7 \%$ (19/2568) was obtained with all isolates combined.

One hundred well-characterized challenge strains included 50 moulds, 35 mycobacteria and 15 Nocardia strains. Three trial sites tested the mould challenge strains, and three trial sites tested the mycobacteria and Nocardia challenge strains. $9 5 . 7 \%$ (287/300) of Challenge results were correct one choice, and $1 . 0 \%$ (3/300) of results were low discrimination correct genus, for a combined agreement of $9 6 . 7 \%$ (290/300), for the mould, mycobacteria and Nocardia challenge isolates tested at all sites combined. No misidentifications were obtained, and no identification was obtained with 10 $( 3 . 3 \% )$ of all challenge isolates tested at all sites combined.

When excluding the No ID Challenge results, $9 9 . 0 \%$ (287/290) of results were correct one choice, and $1 . 0 \%$ (3/290) of results were low discrimination correct genus, for a combined agreement of $100 \%$ (290/290) for the mould, mycobacteria and Nocardia challenge isolates tested at all clinical trial sites combined.

Quality control strains Mycobacterium smegmatis, ATCC 19420, and Nocardia farcinica, ATCC 3308, showed $100 \%$ agreement, the quality control strain Aspergillus brasiliensis, ATCC 16404, showed $9 7 . 5 \%$ agreement, and the negative control showed $9 9 . 7 \%$ agreement.