Sara Hallowell, M.S. Regulatory Affairs Specialist Alere Scarborough, Inc. 10 Southgate Road Scarborough, Maine 04074

Re: K162642 Trade/Device Name: Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Card 2 and AlereTM Reader Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3328 Regulation Name: Influenza virus antigen detection test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSZ Dated: February 7, 2017 Received: February 9, 2017

Dear Ms. Hallowell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Card 2 and AlereTM Reader

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Card 2 is an in vitro immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative detection of influenza A and B nucleoprotein antigens in nasopharyngeal (NP) swab and nasal swab specimens. It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. Negative test results are presumptive and should be confirmed by cell culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative test results do not preclude influenza viral infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Card 2 must be read by the Alere™ Reader.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2015-2016 influenza season when influenza A/H3N2 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k)	SUMMARY

This	summary	of	510(k)	safety	and	effectiveness	information	is	being	submitted	in	accordance	with	the	requirements	of	SMDA 1990	and	21	CFR	807.92.

The	assigned	510(k)	number	is: K162642

# SUBMITTER

Alere	Scarborough,	Inc.   
10	Southgate	Road   
Scarborough,	Maine	04074   
Establishment	Registration	Number:	1221359

# PRIMARY CONTACT PERSON

Sara	Hallowell (207)	730‐5786	(office) (207)	730‐5767	(FAX) sara.hallowell@alere.com	(email)

# SECONDARY CONTACT PERSON

Angela	Drysdale (207)	730‐5737	(office) (207)	730‐5767	(FAX) angela.drysdale@alere.com	(email)

DATE PREPARED April	4,	2017

TRADE NAME   
Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2   
AlereTM	Reader   
COMMON NAME   
BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	2,	BinaxNOW®	Card	2,	Alere	Influenza	A	&	B	2,	BinaxNOW®	Flu	Card	2/   
Reader,	Lateral	Flow	Reader,	Card	Test	Analyzer

CLASSIFICATION NAME Influenza	Virus	Antigen	Detection	Test	System	(per	21	CFR	866.3328)

CLASSIFICATION Class	II

PRODUCT CODE PSZ					Devices	Detecting	Influenza	A,	B,	and	C	Virus	Antigens

PANEL Microbiology	(83)

# PREDICATE DEVICE

BD	Veritor	System	for	Rapid	Detection	of	Flu $\mathsf { A } { + } \mathsf { B }$ ,	K160161.

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	is	an	immunochromatographic	membrane	assay	that	detects	influenza	type	A and	B	nucleoprotein	antigens	in	respiratory	specimens.	Influenza	specific	antibodies	and	a	control	antibody	are	immobilized onto	a	membrane	support	as	three	distinct	lines	and	combined	with	other	reagents/pads	to	construct	a	test	strip.	This	test strip	is	mounted	inside	a	cardboard,	book‐shaped	hinged	test	card.

Swab	specimens	require	a	sample	preparation	step,	in	which	the	sample	is	eluted	off	the	swab	into	elution	solution.	Sample	is added	to	the	top	of	the	test	strip	and	the	test	card	is	closed.	Test	results	are	interpreted	at	15	minutes	based	on	the	presence or	absence	of	Sample	Lines.	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	test	results	must	be	read	by	the	AlereTM	Reader.

The	AlereTM	Reader	is	provided	separately	for	result	interpretation.	The	AlereTM	Reader	enables	direct	data	entry	of	User	ID, Subject	ID,	and	retention	of	test	results,	but	is	intended	for	result	interpretation	only.	All	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B Card	2	assay	steps	are	performed	outside	of	the	reader	and	the	card	assay	is	inserted	at	the	15	minute	read	time.

The	AlereTM	Reader	is	an	easy	to	use	bench	top	instrument	that	can	be	used	near	patient	and	in	laboratory	settings	which	will interpret,	capture	and	transmit	test	results.	The	AlereTM	Reader	is	a	camera	based	instrument	that	detects	the	presence	and identity	of	a	completed	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	assay,	analyzes	the	intensity	of	the	sample	and	control	line and	displays	the	results	(positive,	negative	or	invalid)	on	a	display	screen.	The	screen	is	intended	as	a	means	of	user	interface informing	the	user	how	to	operate	the	reader	and	to	display	test	result,	including	any	errors.	Data	can	be	retrieved	and downloaded	by	the	operator	at	any	time	after	testing	and	uploaded	to	the	hospital	LIS/LIM	system,	if	desired.	Operator	ID	and Subject	ID	can	be	entered	manually	or	via	the	provided	barcode	scanner.	An	external	printer	can	be	attached	via	USB	to	the AlereTM	Reader	to	print	test	results.

# INTENDED USE

The	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	is	an	in vitro immunochromatographic	assay	for	the	qualitative	detection	of influenza	A	and	B	nucleoprotein	antigens	in	nasopharyngeal	(NP)	swab	and	nasal	swab	specimens.	It	is	intended	to	aid	in	the rapid	differential	diagnosis	of	influenza	A	and	B	viral	infections.	Negative	test	results	are	presumptive	and	should	be confirmed	by	cell	culture	or	an	FDA‐cleared	influenza	A	and	B	molecular	assay.	Negative	test	results	do	not	preclude	influenza viral	infection	and	should	not	be	used	as	the	sole	basis	for	treatment	or	other	patient	management	decisions.	Alere BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	test	results	must	be	read	by	the	AlereTM	Reader.

Performance	characteristics	for	influenza	A	were	established	during	the	2015‐2016	influenza	season	when	influenza	A/H3N2 and	A/H1N1	pandemic	were	the	predominant	influenza	A	viruses	in	circulation.	When	other	influenza	A	viruses	are	emerging, performance	characteristics	may	vary.

If	infection	with	a	novel	influenza	A	virus	is	suspected	based	on	current	clinical	and	epidemiological	screening	criteria recommended	by	public	health	authorities,	specimens	should	be	collected	with	appropriate	infection	control	precautions	for novel	virulent	Influenza	viruses	and	sent	to	state	or	local	health	department	for	testing.	Viral	culture	should	not	be	attempted in	these	cases	unless	a	BSL $3 +$ facility	is	available	to	receive	and	culture	specimens.

# TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	and	the	predicate	device,	BD	Veritor	System	for	Rapid	Detection	of	Flu $\mathtt { A + B }$ ,	have	the same	intended	use,	indications	for	use,	and	utilize	similar	basic	principles	of	operation.	They	are	both	chromatographic	tests for	the	qualitative	detection	of	influenza	A	and	B	viral	antigens.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	was	compared	to	the	legally	marketed	predicate	device,	the	BD	Veritor	System	for Rapid	Detection	of	Flu $\mathrm { A } { + } \mathrm { B }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A &amp; BCard 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of FluA+B (K160161)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PSZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A and B nucleoprotein antigens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A &amp; B Card 2 isan in vitro immunochromatographic assay forthe qualitative detection of influenza A and Bnucleoprotein antigens in nasopharyngeal (NP)swab and nasal swab specimens. It is intendedto aid in the rapid differential diagnosis ofinfluenza A and B viral infections. Negative testresults are presumptive and should beconfirmed by cell culture or an FDA-clearedinfluenza A and B molecular assay. Negative testresults do not preclude influenza viral infectionand should not be used as the sole basis fortreatment or other patient managementdecisions. Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A &amp; BCard 2 test results must be read by the AlereTMReader.Performance characteristics for influenza Awere established during the 2015-2016influenza season when influenza A/H3N2 andA/H1N1 pandemic were the predominantinfluenza A viruses in circulation. When otherinfluenza A viruses are emerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteriarecommended by public health authorities,specimens should be collected with appropriateinfection control precautions for novel virulentInfluenza viruses and sent to state or localhealth department for testing. Viral cultureshould not be attempted in these cases unless aBSL 3+ facility is available to receive andculture specimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of FluA+B is a rapid chromatographic immunoassayfor the direct and qualitative detection ofinfluenza A and B viral nucleoprotein antigensfrom nasal and nasopharyngeal swabs ofsymptomatic patients. The BD Veritor System forRapid Detection of Flu A+B (also referred to asthe BD Veritor System and BD Veritor System FluA+B) is a differentiated test, such that influenzaA viral antigens can be distinguished frominfluenza B viral antigens from a singleprocessed sample using a single device. The testis to be used as an aid in the diagnosis ofinfluenza A and B viral infections. A negative testis presumptive and it is recommended that theseresults be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay.Outside the U.S., a negative test is presumptiveand it is recommended that these results beconfirmed by viral culture or a molecular assaycleared for diagnostic use in the country of use.FDA has not cleared this device for use outside ofthe U.S. Negative test results do not precludeinfluenza viral infection and should not be usedas the sole basis for treatment or other patientmanagement decisions. The test is not intendedto detect influenza C antigens.Performance characteristics for influenza A andB were established during January throughMarch of 2011 when influenza viruses A/2009H1N1, A/H3N2, B/Victoria lineage, andB/Yamagata lineage were the predominantinfluenza viruses in circulation according to theMorbidity and Mortality Weekly Report from theCDC entitled &quot;Update: Influenza Activity —United States, 2010-2011 Season, andComposition of the 2011-2012 InfluenzaVaccine.&quot; Performance characteristics may varyagainst other emerging influenza viruses.If infection with a novel influenza virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteria recommendedby public health authorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulent influenza virusesand sent to the state or local health departmentfor testing. Virus culture should not be attemptedin these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is availableto receive and culture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use, in a medical laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use, in a medical laboratory orpoint-of-care</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlereTM Reader used in conjunction with device.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor System Reader</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A &amp; BCard 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor System for Rapid Detection of FluA+B (K160161)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Information</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal and nasal swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatographic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The camera based instrument detects thepresence and identity of a completed AlereBinaxNOW® Influenza A &amp; B Card 2 assay,analyzes the intensity of the sample and controlline and reports the results (positive, negativeor invalid) on a display screen.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An optoelectronic instrument that uses areflectance-based measurement method toevaluate the line signal intensities at each of thespatially defined test and control line positions,interprets the results using a scoring algorithm,and reports a positive, negative, or invalid resulton the LCD screen based on pre-set thresholds.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL	STUDY

The	clinical	performance	of	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	was	established	in	a	multi‐center,	prospective	clinical study	conducted	at	twelve	(12)	U.S.	study	centers	during	the	2015‐2016	respiratory	season.

A	total	of	twelve	(12)	investigational	sites	throughout	the	U.S.	participated	in	the	study.	To	be	enrolled	in	the	study,	patients had	to	be	presenting	at	the	participating	study	centers	with	flu‐like	symptoms.	Either	two	nasopharyngeal	swabs	or	two	nasal swabs	were	collected	from	one	nostril	from	each	patient	with	flu‐like	symptoms	using	standard	collection	methods	and	tested using	the	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	assay.	An	FDA	cleared	influenza	real‐time	Polymerase	Chain	Reaction	(RT‐ PCR)	assay	was	utilized	as	the	comparator	method	for	this	study.

At	all	sites,	one	nasal	or	nasopharyngeal	swab	was	eluted	in	elution	solution	and	the	other	swab	was	eluted	in	1mL	of	viral transport	media	(VTM).	The	swab	eluted	in	elution	solution	was	tested	on	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2,	according to	product	instructions.	All	twelve	(12)	sites	shipped	the	VTM	sample	to	a	central	testing	laboratory	for	RT‐PCR.

A	total	of	585	evaluable	specimens	were	evaluated	with	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	with	results	read	by	the AlereTM	Reader.	Of	the	585	specimens,	565	specimens	had	valid	test	results.

Of	the	total	specimens	collected,	fifty‐six	percent $( 5 6 \% )$ of	the	samples	were	from	females	and	forty‐four	percent $( 4 4 \% )$ from males.	Twenty‐seven	percent $( 2 7 \% )$ of	the	population	tested	was $\leq 5$ years	of	age,	twenty‐eight	percent $( 2 8 \% )$ was	6‐21	years of	age,	and	forty‐five	percent $( 4 5 \% )$ was $> 2 1$ years.

Compared	to	the	comparator	method,	the	performance	of	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	for	influenza	A	and influenza	B	are	provided	below.

# Performance of Alere BinaxNOW® Influenza A & B Card 2 Against the Comparator Method

Influenza Type A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere BinaxNOWInfluenza A &amp; B Card 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>565</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $1 1 3 / 1 3 4 = 8 4 . 3 \%$ (95%	CI:	77.2%,	89.5%)

Specificity: $4 0 8 / 4 3 1 = 9 4 . 7 \%$ (95%	CI:	92.1%,	96.4%)

Influenza Type B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere BinaxNOW®Influenza A &amp; B Card 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>565</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $5 1 / 5 7 = 8 9 . 5 \%$ (95%	CI:	78.9%,	95.1%)

Specificity: $5 0 5 / 5 0 8 = 9 9 . 4 \%$ (95%	CI:	98.3%,	99.8%)

# ANALYTICAL	STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

Alere	BinaxNOW® Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	limit	of	detection	(LOD	or $\mathrm { C } _ { 9 5 _ { \it c } }$ ),	defined	as	the	concentration	of	influenza	virus	that produces	positive	Alere	Binax ${ \mathsf { N O W } } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathrm { { R } } \right) } }$ Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	results	approximately $9 5 \%$ of	the	time,	was	identified	by evaluating	different	concentrations	of	five	(5)	strains	of	influenza	A	and	three	(3)	strains	of	influenza	B.	The	concentrations identified	as	the	LOD	(or $\mathrm { C } _ { 9 5 _ { \circ } }$ )	levels	for	each	strain	are	listed	below.

# Limit of Detection (LoD) Study Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Subtype orInfluenza B Genetic Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Anhui/2013 (Inactivated)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H7N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Indiana/10/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/2009 H1N1 (pdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.94 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Puerto Rico/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Massachusetts/02/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B Yamagata Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47 x 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.72 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.27 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

Note: $1 0 \mu \mathrm { l }$ of	each	virus	dilution	was	coated	onto	a	swab. \*The	LOD	is	reported	as	a	dilution	factor	from	the	inactivated	stock.	The	concentration	of	the	virus	stock prior	to	inactivation	was $1 0 ^ { 1 0 . 9 } \mathrm { E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY (INCLUSIVITY)

The	following	influenza	A	and	B	strains	were	tested	(3/3)	and	produced	positive	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	test results	at	concentrations	ranging	from $1 0 ^ { 0 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ $\Gamma \mathrm { C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Subtypeor Influenza BGenetic Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.35 x 101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/4/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1 (pdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.68 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Maryland/04/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1 (pdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07 x 102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08 x 102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Jersey/8/1976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04 x 101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New York/18/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1 (pdm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41 x 102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Solomon Islands/3/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.28 x 101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WSN/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 x 102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Texas/018/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.90 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Texas/002/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Aichi/2/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.90 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.68 x 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41 x 101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Texas/50/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 x 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/3/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 x 101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11 x 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.63 x 101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Bangladesh/3333/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.41 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.97 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Maryland/1/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.90 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Montana/05/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51 x 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Ohio/1/2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Russia/69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.93 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/06/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47 x 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Victoria/304/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Victoria/504/2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yamagata Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45 x 104</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS‐REACTIVITY)

To	determine	the	analytical	specificity	of	Alere	Binax $\mathrm { N O W ^ { \textregistered } }$ Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	test,	58	commensal	and	pathogenic microorganisms	(41	bacteria,	16	viruses	and	1	yeast)	that	may	be	present	in	the	nasal	cavity	or	nasopharynx	were	tested. All	of	the	following	microorganisms	were	negative	when	tested	at	concentrations	ranging	from $1 0 ^ { 3 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 1 0 }$ cells/mL	or $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ (bacteria), $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ or $\mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ (viruses),	and $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cells/ $\mathrm { m L }$ (yeast).

Bacteria   
Acinetobacter calcoaceticus   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Bordetella pertussis   
Chlamydia pneumoniae   
Corynebacterium diptheriae   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli   
Gardnerella vaginalis   
Haemophilus influenza   
Haemophilus parainfluenza   
Klebsiella pneumonia   
Lactobacillus casei   
Lactobacillus plantarum   
Legionella pneumophilia   
Listeria monocytogenes1   
Moraxella/Branhamella catarrhalis   
Mycobacterium avium   
Mycobacterium intracellulare   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycoplasma pneumonia5   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Neisseria meningitides   
Neisseria mucosa2   
Neisseria sicca3   
Neisseria subflava   
Peptostreptococcus anaerobius   
Proteus mirabilis   
Proteus vulgaris   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Serratia marcescens4   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumonia   
Streptococcus salivarius   
Streptococcus sanguinis   
Streptococcus Group A   
Streptococcus sp. Gp. B   
Streptococcus sp. Gp. C   
Streptococcus sp. Gp. F   
Streptococcus sp. Gp. G   
1Flu	A	positive	result	obtained	at $7 . 2 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 9 }$

# Viruses

Adenovirus	type	1   
Adenovirus	type	7   
Cytomegalovirus6A   
Human	Coronavirus	OC43   
Human	Coronavirus	229E6B   
Enterovirus/Coxsackievirus	B4   
Human	Cytomegalovirus	strain	AD‐1696C   
Human	metapneumovirus   
Rhinovirus	type	1A   
Measles	virus,	strain	Edmonston   
Mumps	virus,	strain	Enders   
Parainfluenza	virus	1   
Parainfluenza	virus	2   
Parainfluenza	virus	3   
Respiratory	Syncytial	virus,	type	B,	strain	18537   
Epstein	Barr	virus,	strain	P‐3

Yeast Candida albicans

cells/mL;	concentration	diluted	to $7 . 2 3 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cells/mL	and	generated	a	negative	result. 2Flu	A	positive	result	obtained	at $9 . 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 9 }$ cells/mL;	concentration	diluted	to $9 . 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cells/mL	and	generated	a	negative	result.

4Flu	A	positive	AlereTM	Reader	result	obtained	at $6 . 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ cells/mL;	concentration	diluted	to $6 . 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ cells/mL	and	generated	a	negative	result.   
5Mycoplasma pneumonia	103	was	the	maximum	cfu/mL	that	could	be	achieved	for	growth.

Viruses	were	tested	at	concentrations	lower	than	the	recommended $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { p f u / m l }$ ,	reflect	the	stock	concentration	received	from	the	vendor.	Viral	stocks	were ested	at	the	highest	achievable	titer	allowed	by	the	vendor	stock	concentration.

‐	6A	Cytomegalovirus	at $8 . 8 9 { \mathrm { x } } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ‐	6B	Human	Coronavirus	229E	at $2 . 8 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ‐	6C	Human	Cytomegalovirus	strain	AD‐169	at $8 . 8 9 { \mathrm { x } } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The	following	substances,	naturally	present	in	respiratory	specimens	or	artificially	introduced	into	the	nasal	cavity/ nasopharynx	were	evaluated	with	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	at	the	concentrations	listed	below	and	were	found not	to	affect	test	performance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sinus Buster Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NeoSynephrine Cold &amp; Sinus Extra Strength Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Extreme Congestion Relief</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-acetamidophenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>652 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine Succinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunisolide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol glycerol ether (pseudoephedrine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relenza</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rebetol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rimantadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tamiflu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.102 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A	reproducibility	study	of	Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2		was	conducted	by	operators	from	three	(3)	sites	using panels	of	blind	coded	specimens	containing	negative,	high	negative	(below	the	limit	of	detection),	low	positive	(at	the	limit	of detection),	and	moderate	positive	(above	the	limit	of	detection)	influenza	A	and	B	viral	samples.	Participants	tested	the	sample panels	over	five	(5)	different	days.

The	percent	agreement	with	expected	results,	across	the	three	sites,	for	the	influenza	A	moderate	positive,	low	positive,	and high	negative	samples	were $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90), $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90)	and $9 6 . 6 \%$ (86/89),	respectively.	The	percent	agreement	with expected	result	for	the	influenza	B	moderate	positive,	low	positive,	and	high	negative	samples	were $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90), $1 0 0 \%$ (89/89)	and $9 7 . 8 \%$ (88/90),	respectively.	All	of	the	true	negative	samples	(90)	generated	negative	test	results.

There	were	no	significant	differences	observed	within	run	(replicates	tested	by	one	operator),	between	run	(five	different days),	between	sites	(three	sites),	or	between	operators	(six	operators).

Site‐To‐Site Qualitative Results – Percent Agreement with Expected Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall% Agreementwith ExpectedResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>huzunnaA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(29/29)1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(28/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%(86/89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Iuunna</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(29/29)2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(89/89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(28/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%(88/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td></tr></table>

1One	sample	generated	an	invalid	result	and	was	not	re‐tested. 2One	sample	generated	a	positive	Flu	A	and	Flu	B	result,	was	considered	invalid	and	was	not	re‐tested.

# INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	test	performance	in	the	presence	of	non‐influenza	respiratory	pathogens	was evaluated.	Vendor	provided	stocks	of	influenza	A	and	B	strains	were	diluted	in	UTM	to	approximately	2	times	the	limit	of detection.	Contrived	influenza	A	and	B	positive	swab	specimens	were	prepared	by	coating	10	microliters	of	virus	dilution	onto each	swab.	The	following	non‐influenza	viruses	were	tested	(3/3)	at	the	concentration	provided	in	the	table	below	and	were found	not	to	affect	test	performance.

<table><tr><td>Virus Panel</td><td>Concentration (TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus Type 1</td><td>1.58 x 107</td></tr><tr><td>Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td>1.58 x 108</td></tr><tr><td>Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Type B, Strain 18537</td><td>8.89 x 105</td></tr></table>

# INHIBITION BY HIGH LEVELS OF INFLUENZA A AND B

Alere	BinaxNOW®	Influenza	A	&	B	Card	2	test	performance	in	the	presence	of	high	levels	of	influenza	A	and	B	was	evaluated. Vendor	provided	stocks	of	influenza	A	and	B	strains	were	diluted	in	UTM	to	approximately	2	times	the	limit	of	detection. Contrived	influenza	A	and	B	positive	swab	specimens	were	prepared	by	coating	10	microliters	of	virus	dilution	onto	each swab.	To	create	the	co‐infection	swabs,	diluted	influenza	A	(at	a	concentration	approximately	20	times	the	LoD)	was	added	to