# October 25, 2016

QUIDEL CORPORATION   
RONALD LOLLAR   
SENIOR DIRECTOR, CLINICAL REGULATORY, SCIENTIFIC AFFAIRS   
2005 EAST STATE STREET, SUITE 100   
ATHENS OH 45701

Re: K162274 Trade/Device Name: Solana Strep Complete Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. nucleic acid-based assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PGX Dated: August 10, 2016 Received: August 12, 2016

Dear Mr. Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

For Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.Ribhi Shaw   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K162274

Device Name Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Strep Complete Assay

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 – Corporate number   
740-589-3373 – Desk phone   
858-552-6451– Fax   
Ron.Lollar@quidel.com

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

August 10, 2016

A. 510(k) Number:

K162274

B. Purpose for Submission:

To obtain substantial equivalence for the Solana® Strep Complete Assay when performed on the Solana® instrument

# C. Measurand:

DNase B (sdaB) sequence of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A Streptococcus) Protein G gene of Streptococcus dysgalactiae (pyogenic Group C and G $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus)

# D. Type of Test:

Helicase-dependent amplification (HDA)

# E. Applicant:

Quidel Corporation

F. Proprietary and Established Names: Solana® Strep Complete Assay

G. Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PGX - Groups A,C and G Beta-HemolyticStreptococcusNucleic AcidAmplification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II (Non-exempt)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.2680 - Streptococcusspp. Nucleic Acid-Based Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology(83)</td></tr></table>

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended Use(s):

The Solana® Strep Complete Assay is a rapid in vitro diagnostic test, using isothermal amplification technology (helicase-dependent amplification, HDA), for the qualitative detection and differentiation of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus) and Streptococcus dysgalactiae (pyogenic Group C and G $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus) nucleic acids isolated from throat swab specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. The Solana® Strep Complete Assay is intended for use only with the Solana® instrument.

2. Indication(s) for Use: Same as intended Use

3. Special conditions for use statement(s):

For in vitro diagnostic use only For prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements:

Solana® instrument

# I. Device Description:

The Solana Strep Complete Assay amplifies, detects and differentiates Streptococcus pyogenes DNA and Streptococcus dysgalactiae DNA present in throat swab specimens obtained from symptomatic patients.

The assay consists of two major steps: 1) specimen preparation, and 2) amplification and detection of target sequence specific to S. pyogenes (GAS) and S. dysgalactiae (C/G) using isothermal Helicase-Dependent Amplification (HDA) in the presence of target-specific fluorescence probe.

Patient specimen on a throat swab is transferred to a Lysis Tube and subjected to heattreatment at $9 5 \pm ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 5 minutes. The heat-treated sample is added to a Dilution Tube, and then transferred to two Reaction Tubes, GAS Reaction Tube and Strep C/G Reaction Tube. GAS Reaction Tube contains white lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes specific for the amplification and detection of S. pyogenes target sequence, while C/G Reaction Tube contains blue lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes specific for the amplification and detection of S. dysgalactiae target sequence. Once rehydrated with the diluted sample, the Reaction Tubes are placed in a Solana Instrument for amplification and detection of the target sequences. In Solana, the target sequences are amplified by specific primers and detected by a specific fluorescence probe included in each Reaction Tube. Two competitive process controls (PRCs) are included in the Lysis Tube to monitor sample processing, inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent failure or device failure for each target. PRCs are amplified by the target-specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. Upon annealing to target or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of the fluorophore from the quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal for each Reaction Tube, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana then reports the test results for each Reaction Tube to the user on its display screen, and optionally prints out the results via a printer.

# Materials Provided:

48 Tests per Kit   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep Complete Lysis Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit 0.5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep Dilution Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit 0.5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Reaction Tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep C/G Reaction Tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8</td></tr></table>

# Materials required but not provided:

External controls for Group A Streptococcus (e.g. Quidel Molecular $\mathsf { A } + \mathsf { G }$ Streptococci Control Set #M111, which contains positive and negative controls, serves as an external processing and extraction control) • Sterile DNase-free filter-blocked or positive displacement micropipettor tips • Micropipettor • Stopwatch or timer • Scissors or a blade • Heat block capable of $9 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ temperature • Solana workflow tray and transfer rack • Solana Instrument • Thermometer

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Lyra® Direct Strep

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K133883

3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay(k133883)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Solana® StrepComplete Assay is a rapid invitro diagnostic test, using</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lyra Direct StrepAssay is a Real-Time PCRin vitro diagnostic test for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">isothermal amplificationtechnology (helicase-dependent amplification,HDA), for the qualitativedetection anddifferentiation ofStreptococcus pyogenes(Group A β-hemolyticStreptococcus) andStreptococcus dysgalactiae(pyogenic Group C and G β-hemolytic Streptococcus)nucleic acids isolated fromthroat swab specimensobtained from patients withsigns and symptoms ofpharyngitis, such as sore</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">the qualitative detectionand differentiation ofGroup A β-hemolyticStreptococcus(Streptococcus pyogenes)and pyogenic Group Cand G β-hemolyticStreptococcus nucleicacids isolated fromthroat swab specimensobtained from patientswith signs and symptomsof pharyngitis, such assore throat. The assaydoes not differentiatebetween pyogenicGroups C and G β-hemolytic Streptococcus.All negative test resultsshould be confirmed bybacterial culture,because negative resultsdo not preclude Group A,C or G Strep infectionand should not be usedas the sole basis fortreatment.The assay is intended foruse in hospital, reference,or state laboratorysettings. The device is notintended for point-of-careuse.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">throat. The Solana® Strep</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nemolytic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Complete Assay is intendedfor use only with the</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® instrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay(k133883)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat swab specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Heat Lysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Technique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatically detectsfluorescence afterdissociation of fluorophorefrom quencher duringamplification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyra™ Direct Strep Assay(k133883)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA AmplificationTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicase-dependentamplification (HDA); self-contained</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real time polymerasechain reaction</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABI 7500 Fast DXThermocycler</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Sequence Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78 base pair (bp) sequenceS. pyogenes genome,resident in the DNase B(sdaB) gene67 base pair (bp) sequenceProtein G gene of S.dysgalactiae (pyogenicGroup C and G β-hemolyticStreptococcus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS - 99bp product in theputative competence(comX1.1) genePyo GCS/GGS - 188bpproduct in the tagatose-6-phosphate kinase (lacC)gene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 -70 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS* Sensitivity:98.8%[95% CI: 97.3% to99.4%]Pyo GCS/GGS* S.dysgalactiae Sensitivity:100%[95% CI: 95.3% -100%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS* Sensitivity:96.5%[95% CI: 91.3% -98.6%]Pyo GCS/GGS* Sensitivity:95.7%[95% CI: 88.1% -98.5%]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS* Specificity:98.9%[95% CI: 98.3% to99.2%]Pyo GCS/GGS* S.dysgalactiae Specificity:99.5%[95% CI: 99.1% -99.7%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GAS* Specificity:98.0%[95% CI: 97.0% -98.6%]Pyo GCS/GGS* Specificity:98.3%[95% CI: 97.4% -98.9%]</td></tr></table>

\*GAS = Group A Streptococcus; Pyo GCS/GGS $=$ Pyogenic Group C/G Streptococcus

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Not applicable

# L. Test Principle:

Patient specimen on a throat swab is transferred to a Lysis Tube and subjected to heattreatment at $9 5 ^ { \circ } \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 5 minutes. The heat-treated sample is added to a Dilution Tube, and then transferred to two Reaction Tubes, GAS Reaction Tube and Strep C/G Reaction Tube. GAS Reaction Tube contains white lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes specific for the amplification and detection of S. pyogenes target sequence, while C/G Reaction Tube contains blue lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes specific for the amplification and detection of S. dysgalactiae target sequence. Once rehydrated with the diluted sample, the Reaction Tubes are placed in a Solana Instrument for amplification and detection of the target sequences. In Solana, the target sequences are amplified by specific primers and detected by a specific fluorescence probe included in each Reaction Tube. Two competitive process controls (PRCs) are included in the Lysis Tube to monitor sample processing, inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent failure or device failure for each target. PRCs are amplified by the target-specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. Upon annealing to target or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of the fluorophore from the quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal for each Reaction Tube, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana then report the test results for each Reaction Tube to the user on its display screen, and optionally prints out the results via a printer.

# M. Performance Characteristics:

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Reproducibility

In order to confirm the reproducibility of the Solana Strep Complete Assay a blinded and randomized study panel containing both Streptococcus pyogenes and Streptococcus dysgalactiae negative and positive samples (3x, 1x, 0.3x LOD) were tested at three (3) test sites (one in-house laboratory and two (2) clinical sites) with three (3) instruments. Each site tested a reproducibility panel and Assay Controls for five (5) days in triplicate. Testing was done by two operators at each site. Each operator ran the panel once a day using one lot of Solana Strep Complete Assay. A total of five hundred forty (540) specimens were tested (including controls). The Solana Strep Complete Assay generated reproducible results in this study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>StreptococcuspyogenesCategory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>SITE</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Overall PercentPositive</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive /#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive /#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive /#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27% to 47%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% to 4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GAS Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% to 4%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>StreptococcusdysgalactiaeCategory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>SITE</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Overall PercentPositive</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive /#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive /#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected:#positive /#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C/G High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16% to 33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C/G Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C/G Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C/G Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% to 4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C/G Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C/G Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% to 4%</td></tr></table>

The results suggest that there are no significant differences between different users using different instruments at different sites on different days.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable – This assay is qualitative.   
c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): Traceability: Not applicable. This assay is qualitative.

Specimen Stability:

A study was performed to determine the stability of samples collected in a number of routinely used swab systems: nylon flocked swabs in Amies media, Rayon swab in Amies media, polyester swab in Amies media, Rayon swab in Stuart media, polyester swab in Stuart media, and Rayon in Amies gel.

Freshly grown stocks of Streptococcus pyogenes and Streptococcus dysgalactiae, of known titer, were used to spike the swabs listed above. The spiked samples were stored at $2 5 ^ { \circ } C \pm 2 ^ { \circ } C$ for 2 days and then at $2 ^ { \circ }$ to ${ } 8 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ for up to 6 more days prior to being tested in the Solana® Strep Complete Assay. A separate study was performed where the spiked samples were stored at ${ \le } { - } 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ or $\le - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for a minimum of 32 days before testing.

Based on this study, specimens collected using various collection/transport systems listed above can be stored at $2 5 ^ { \circ } C \pm 2 ^ { \circ } C$ for 2 days and then at 2 to ${ } ^ { 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ for up to 6 more days before testing or at ${ \le } { - } 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ or $\le - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for up to 32 days before testing.

# Controls:

External Controls (Quidel Molecular $\mathsf { A } + \mathsf { G }$ Streptococci Control Set #M111, which contains positive and negative controls, serves as an external processing and extraction control) were run on the Solana® Strep Complete Assay each day of testing.

The assay controls are described as follows:

a. The process control is used to monitor sample processing, to detect HDA inhibitory specimens and to confirm the integrity of assay reagents and Solana instrument functionality. The process control is included in the Lysis Buffer tube.

b. The external positive control may be treated as a patient specimen. The control should be sampled and tested as if it were a specimen and processed as described in the Assay Procedure. The external positive control is intended to monitor substantial reagent and instrument failure.

c. The external negative control may be treated as a patient specimen. The control should be sampled and tested as if it were a specimen and processed as described in the Assay Procedure. The external negative control is used to detect reagent or environmental contamination (or carry-over) by Streptococcus pyogenes or Streptococcus dysgalactiae DNA or amplicon.

d. Detection limit:

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LOD) of the Solana® Strep Complete Assay was determined using quantified $( \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ cultures of two (2) Streptococcus pyogenes and two (2) Streptococcus dysgalactiae strains by serially dilution. Analytical sensitivity (LOD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

The LOD for the two (2) Streptococcus pyogenes strains tested were $1 . 5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ (ATCC #19615) and $8 . 5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } { \subset } \mathsf { F U / m L }$ (ATCC #12344). The LOD for the two (2) Streptococcus dysgalactiae strains were $5 . 7 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ (ATCC #12394) and $7 . 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ CFU/mL (ATCC #10009).

Based on this data the reported LOD for Streptococcus pyogenes and Streptococcus dysgalactiae using the Solana® Strep Complete Assay is $8 . 5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ and $7 . 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ $C F U / \mathsf { m L }$ , respectively.

e. Analytical specificity:

# Cross Reactivity:

An in silico BLAST analysis of primers used in the Solana® Strep Complete Assay against sixty-one (61) potential interfering organisms (see below) did not show evidence of cross-reactivity.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human adenovirus F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human adenovirus G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides sp.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Branhamella sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human enterovirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter sp.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human enterovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human enterovirus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human enterovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpesvirus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacterio phage MS2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpesvirus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpesvirus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial virus Type B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human adenovirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza virus4a and 4b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponema sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human adenovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza virus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human adenovirus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza virus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human adenovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza virus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella oralis4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human adenovirus E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parvimonas micra{</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the Solana® Strep Complete Assay in the presence of forty-five (45) microorganisms commonly found in throat specimens. Each potentially interfering microorganism was tested in the presence of $_ { 2 \times }$ LOD Streptococcus pyogenes and Streptococcus dysgalactiae (2 strains each) in the presence of clinically relevant levels of viruses $( 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { p f u } / \mathsf { m l } )$ and bacteria $( 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { c f u / m L ) }$ or higher. All strain combinations were spiked on to swabs. The strains included in the cross-reactivity study are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis MRSE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gordonii (Virdans type)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenza type A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactococcus lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella jordanis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella micdadei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus suis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 11 (Slobitski)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria subflava</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus micros (aka Parvimonasmicra)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 4B (VR-1377)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 15 (1734)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus MRSA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

Of the 45 microorganisms tested that might be found in throat specimens, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Serratia marcescens and Enterococcus faecalis each cross-reacted once out of six times tested (triplicate testing was repeated for each cross-reactive strain) with the Solana® Strep Complete Assay.

# Interference:

A study was conducted using two strains of Streptococcus pyogenes (ATCC 19615 and 12344) and Streptococcus dysgalactiae strains (ATCC 12394 and ATCC 10009) tested near LOD to evaluate the Solana® Strep Complete Assay for potential interference using a panel consisting of twenty-eight (28) common biological and chemical substances found in throat samples. Substances were introduced into the swabs at concentrations which were medically relevant. Each of the strains was tested for each substance. None of the substances tested were found to interfere with the Solana® Strep Complete Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference? (Y/N)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Children&#x27;s Dimetapp DM Cold &amp; CoughElixir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloraseptic Max: Sore Throat Relief</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BreathSavers 3 Hour Mint-Spearmint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepacol Sore Throat: Cherry Flavor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Robitussin Cough &amp; Cold-CF Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ricola Mountain Herb Throat Drops-Sugar Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Saliva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Robitussin Nighttime Cold, &amp; Flu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crest Pro-Health Night Mint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVS Tussin CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloraseptic Throat Cherry lozenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Halls Cherry Mentholyptus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tic Tac Freshmints</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam® Oral Mist</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.625% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sucrets Complete-Vapor Cherry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benadryl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crest® Complete Toothpaste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contac® Cold + Flu Caplets Night</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Children&#x27;s Wal-Tap Elixir Cold &amp; Allergy(Dimetap Children&#x27;s Cold and Allergy)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Children&#x27;s Wal-Tap DM Elixir Cold &amp;Cough</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Robitussin Nighttime Cough, Cold, &amp; Flu(peak cold)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Halls Mentholyptus (not cherry flavor)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listerine Cool Mint Antiseptic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin (Bovine Submaxillary Gland, type I-S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity):

The inclusivity of the Solana® Strep Complete Assay was further evaluated by functional testing of organisms in addition to those strains used in the LOD study. Seven (7) strains of Streptococcus pyogenes (GAS) and twenty five (25) Streptococcus dysgalactiae (C/G) strains were tested at concentrations at a LOD of $8 . 5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ and $7 . 1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } ,$ , respectively.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain Detected (Yes/No)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCIMB 13285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 33061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 33409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 39158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 53553</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 6644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9542</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35666</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 1483</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 6713</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 15679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 15680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 21557</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^fr}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 24070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 26147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilisgroup G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27483</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies dysgalactiae group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27658</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies dysgalactiae group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27659</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies dysgalactiae group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 27664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies dysgalactiae group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 28115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies dysgalactiae group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 28116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 28238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies equisimilis group G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 33802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. dysgalactiae subspecies dysgalactiae group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 48477</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>7.1x10r}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

f. Assay cut-off:

Not applicable.

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: Not applicable

b. Matrix comparison:

A comparison study was conducted between negative clinical matrix and the contrived negative matrices used in the analytical studies in order to validate their use. The matrix comparison study results are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived NegativeMatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pooled NegativeClinical Matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StreptococcuspyogenesATCC 19615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StreptococcusdysgalactiaeATCC 12394</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

These studies demonstrate that the contrived negative matrices do not alter the performance of the device in the context of these analytical studies.

3. Clinical studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity:

Performance characteristics of the Solana Strep Complete Assay were established during a prospective study during the winter through summer of 2016 (February to July). Two thousand six hundred eighty-eight (2688) fresh throat swab specimens were included in this study at four (4) external and one (1) internal laboratories across the United States using the same swab that was plated for the culture. A single specimen was collected per patient. Samples were collected on Polyester or Rayon Swab with liquid Amie’s, Polyester Swab or Rayon swab with liquid Stuart’s or nylon swab with liquid Amies.

A composite result of directly cultured patients’ throat swabs combined with the culture. Cultured isolates were typed by latex agglutination. $\beta$ -hemolytic isolates that were typed as Group C or G were subcultured and the species were determined using an FDA-cleared MALDI TOF assay. Swab transport fluid was also tested using another FDA cleared nucleic acid amplification test (NAAT) and cultured at a central reference laboratory. Results from culture and NAAT were used to calculate assay sensitivity and specificity. Each site cultured the swabs prior to performing the Solana Strep Complete Assay. The swab specimens were processed and tested with Solana Strep Complete Assay. The leftover swab transport media was shipped to the central location for an additional culture and NAAT testing.

A specimen was recorded as positive for either Streptococcus pyogenes or Streptococcus dysgalactiae if either the culture or the FDA-cleared NAAT was positive, respectively.

Two thousand six hundred eighty-eight (2688) fresh throat swab specimens were tested using the algorithm described above (dual culture, FDA-cleared NAAT and Solana Strep Complete Assay). Two (2) specimens were repeatedly invalid when tested with the Solana® Strep Complete Assay $( 0 . 0 7 \% )$ . These specimens have been removed from additional analysis. The table below details the combined results for Streptococcus pyogenes for the remaining two thousand six hundred eighty-six (2686).

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Combined Clinical Sites' Results for Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">475</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2186</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">481</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2205</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2686</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">475/481</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.3% to 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2180/2205</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3% to 99.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 1- Streptococcus pyogenes Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">679</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">681</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">683</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">775</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.4% to 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">679/683</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.5% to 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 2 - Streptococcus pyogenes Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">511</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">516</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">601</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84/85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.6% to 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510/516</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.5% to 99.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 3- Streptococcus pyogenes Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">492</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">495</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">495</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">598</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100/103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.8% to 99.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">492/495</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2% to 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 4- Streptococcus pyogenes Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">254</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">254</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">349</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83/83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.6% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">254/266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.3% to 97.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 5- Streptococcus pyogenes Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">245</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">245</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">245</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.8% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">245/245</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.5% to 100%</td></tr></table>

Two thousand six hundred eighty-eight (2688) fresh throat swab specimens were tested using the algorithm described above (dual culture, FDA-cleared NAAT and Solana Strep

Complete Assay). Two (2) specimens were repeatedly invalid when tested with the Solana® Strep Complete Assay $( 0 . 0 7 \% )$ . The table below details the combined results for Streptococcus dysgalactiae for the remaining two thousand six hundred eighty-six (2686).

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Combined Clinical Sites' Results for Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2594</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2594</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2608</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2686</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78/78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.3% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2594/2608</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1% to 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 1 - Streptococcus dysgalactiae Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">739</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">739</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">743</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">775</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32/32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89.3% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">739/743</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6% to 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 2 - Streptococcus dysgalactiae Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">580</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">580</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">585</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">601</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.6% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">580/585</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0% to 99.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 3- Streptococcus dysgalactiae Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">568</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">568</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">572</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">598</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26/26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.1% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">568/572</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2% to 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 4- Streptococcus dysgalactiae Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana® Strep CompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">347</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">347</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">347</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">349</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">347/347</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Site 5- Streptococcus dysgalactiae Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Combined Culture and NAAT Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SolanaStrepCompleteAssay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">361</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2% to 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360/361</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.4% to 100%</td></tr></table>

All pyogenic Group C and Group G streptococcal species found during this assay were Group C and G S. dysgalactiae.

b. Clinical specificity: See Section 3a.   
c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not applicable

4. Clinical cut-off: Not applicable

5. Expected values:

The prevalence of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus) and Streptococcus dysgalactiae (pyogenic Group C and G $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus) with the Solana Strep Complete Assay has been calculated based on the age of the patient.

Two (2) specimens were invalid when tested with the Solana® Strep Complete Assay $( 0 . 0 7 \% )$ (in both the initial and repeat test no process control was detected) and have been removed from the Expected Values table. The table below presents the data for the remaining two thousand six hundred eighty-six (2686) specimens.

The overall incidence of Streptococcus pyogenes or Streptococcus dysgalactiae in patients tested during this study based on culture results alone was $1 6 . 0 \%$ (431/2686) for Streptococcus pyogenes and $2 . 4 \% ( 6 5 / 2 6 8 6 )$ for Streptococcus dysgalactiae. The overall incidence of Streptococcus pyogenes or Streptococcus dysgalactiae in patients tested during this study based on a combination of culture results and another FDAcleared NAAT assay was $1 7 . 9 \%$ (481/2686) for Streptococcus pyogenes and $2 . 9 \%$ (78/2686) for Streptococcus dysgalactiae.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Combined Study Prevalence (2686)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 to 12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>336</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 22 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>783</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>783</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr></table>

# N. Other Supportive Instrument Performance Characteristics Data Not Covered In The “Performance Characteristics” Section above:

Instrument: Solana™ Instrument

# O. System Descriptions:

# 1. Modes of Operation:

The Solana instrument heats each reaction tube to $6 4 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . If present, the target sequence is amplified by S. pyogenes and/or S. dysgalactiae specific primers and detected by S. pyogenes and/or S. dysgalactiae specific fluorescence probes included in the Reaction Tube. Each probe has a florescent dye of specific wavelength. The target probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. In addition, the target probes carry a ribonucleic acid. Upon annealing to the respective amplicons, the fluorescence probes are cleaved by RNaseH2 and the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. The Solana instrument measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana instrument will then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results via a printer.

# 2. Software:

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and software development processes for this line of product types:

Yes X No

# P. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10, 21 CFR 801.109, and the special controls.