# +VMZ

GREAT BASIN SCIENTIFIC, INC.  
SUZETTE CHANCE  
SENIOR DIRECTOR OF CLINICAL AFFAIRS2441 S. 3850 WEST  
SALT LAKE CITY UT 84120

Re: K163571 Trade/Device Name: Great Basin Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PCI, PCH Dated: December 16, 2016 Received: December 19, 2016

Dear Dr. Chance:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S GPS

Uwe Scherf, M.S., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Great Basin Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel is a multiplexed, qualitative test for the detection and enatiretaci aesolBcal es  tt acids from:

Campylobacter (C. coli/C. jejuni)   
Salmonella   
Shiga toxin 1 (stx1)   
Shiga toxin 2 (stx2)   
Escherichia coli serotype 0157   
Shigella

Shiga toxin genes are found in Shiga toxin-producing strains of E. coli (STEC/EHECVTEC) and Shigella u hn

The Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel is performed directly from Cary Blair or C&S Medium preserved stool t  nol the Portrait™ Analyzer.

Tl og ow u o oen wih yo ti auspt. il uy agents is desired.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELC

Teburenoolectioationate vehours p nc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection information. Sendcomments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect normationcollection cludiuggestions r educnghis burd

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 5.0 510(k) Summary – Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel

# A. Submitted by:

Great Basin Corporation 2441 South 3850 West Salt Lake City, Utah 84120

# Contact Information

Suzette Chance, PhD Senior Director of Clinical Affairs Great Basin Scientific 2441 S. 3850 West Salt Lake City, Utah 84120 Phone: 385-215-3369 Email: schance@gbscience.com

# B. Name of Device

Proprietary Name: Great Basin Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel   
Common or Usual Names: Stool Bacteria Pathogens Panel SBPP GI Panel

# C. Regulatory Information:

a. Regulation Section:

21 CFR 866.3990, Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay 21 CFR 862.2570 – Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems

b. Classification:

Class II (Stool Bacterial Pathogen Panel; non-exempt); Class II (PA500 Portrait Analyzer System)

c. Classification panel: Product Code:

Microbiology Devices, OIVD (83) Microbiology   
PCI Gastrointestinal Bacterial Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid  
Based Assay System   
PCH Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel Multiplex Nucleic   
Acid-Based Assay System   
OOI Real-Time Nucleic Amplification System

# D. Intended use(s)/Indications for Use:

The Great Basin Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel is a multiplexed, qualitative test for the detection and identification of DNA targets of enteric bacterial pathogens. The Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel detects nucleic acids from:

• Campylobacter (C. coli/C. jejuni)   
• Salmonella   
• Shiga toxin 1 (stx1)   
• Shiga toxin 2 (stx2)   
• Escherichia coli serotype O157   
• Shigella

Shiga toxin genes are found in Shiga toxin-producing strains of E. coli (STEC/EHEC/VTEC) and Shigella dysenteriae. The E. coli O157 test result is only reported if a Shiga toxin gene (stx1 and/or stx2) is also detected.

The Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel is performed directly from Cary Blair or C&S Medium preserved stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis, or colitis and is performed on the Portrait™ Analyzer.

The test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological information; however, it is not to be used to monitor these infections. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms and may not be the definitive cause of patient illness. Negative test results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test, or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease. Concomitant culture is necessary if organism recovery or further typing of bacterial agents is desired.

# Device Description

# Test Principle:

The Great Basin Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel on the PA500 Portrait™ System utilizes automated, hot-start PCR amplification technology to amplify specific nucleic acid sequences that are then detected using hybridization probes immobilized on a modified silicon chip surface, in a single-use, self-contained test cartridge.

An aliquot of the specimen (stool preserved in stool transport media) is first processed using the Sample Preparation Device (SPD). An aliquot of the eluate obtained from the SPD is loaded into the sample port of the SBPP Test Cartridge.

Genomic DNA is extracted from microbial cells and diluted to reduce potential inhibitors of the PCR. During the PCR process, biotin-labeled primers direct the amplification of specific nucleic acid sequences within a conserved region for identification of: a bacterial sample processing control (SPC), Campylobacter coli/Campylobacter jejuni, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., Shiga toxin 1, Shiga toxin 2, and E. coli serotype O157.

Following PCR, biotin-labeled, amplified target DNA sequences are hybridized to sequence specific probes immobilized on the silicon chip surface, and incubated with anti-biotin antibody conjugated to the horseradish peroxidase enzyme (HRP). The unbound conjugate is washed away, and tetramethylbenzidine (TMB) is added to produce a colored precipitate at the location of the probe/target sequence complex. The resulting signal is detected by the automated Portrait™ Optical Reader within the PA500 Portrait™ Analyzer System. The SPC undergoes the same extraction, amplification, and detection steps as the sample in order to monitor for inhibitory substances, as well as process inefficiency due to instrument or reagent failure. No operator intervention is required once the sample is loaded into the sample port, and the Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel cartridge is loaded into the Portrait™ Analyzer.

# Test Device:

The PA500 Portrait™ Analyzer System is a fully automated system that includes: the Portrait™ Analyzer, single-use Stool Bacterial Pathogen Panel Cartridges, and the Portrait™ Data Analysis Software Program. The Portrait™ System is designed to perform automated sample preparation, PCR, and optical chip-based detection with integrated data analysis in less than two hours. The Portrait System was granted 510(k) clearance for the Portrait Toxigenic C. difficile Assay (K113358), Portrait GBS Assay (K143312), Staph ID/R Blood Culture Panel (K152470) and the Shiga Toxin Direct Test (K152955).

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

Predicate Device: Nanosphere Verigene $\textcircled{8}$ Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test (K140083)

The following table provides a comparison of the Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel and the predicate device:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features/Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel(SBPP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceVerigene® EP (K140083)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Great Basin Scientific, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nanosphere</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Great Basin Stool Bacterial PathogenPanel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verigene Enteric Pathogen NucleicAcid Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K140083</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative/Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Great Basin Stool BacterialPathogens Panel is a multiplexed,qualitative test for the detection andidentification of DNA targets of entericbacterial pathogens. The StoolBacterial Pathogens Panel detectsnucleic acids from:Campylobacter (C. coli and C. jejuni)SalmonellaShiga toxin 1 (stx1)Shiga toxin 2 (stx2)Escherichia coli serotype 0157ShigellaShiga toxin genes are found in Shigatoxin-producing strains of E. coli(STEC/EHEC/VTEC) and Shigelladysenteriae. The E. coli O157 testresult is only reported if a Shiga toxingene (stx1 and/or stx2) is alsodetected.The Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel isperformed directly from Cary Blair orC&amp;S Medium preserved stoolspecimens from symptomatic patientswith suspected acute gastroenteritis,enteritis, or colitis and is performed onthe Portrait™ Analyzer.The test is intended for use as an aid inthe diagnosis of specific agents ofgastrointestinal illness in conjunctionwith clinical and epidemiologicalinformation. Positive results do not ruleout co-infection with other organismsand may not be the definitive cause ofpatient illness. Negative test results inthe setting of clinical illness compatiblewith gastroenteritis may be due toinfection by pathogens that are notdetected by this test, or non-infectiouscauses such as ulcerative colitis,irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn'sdisease. Concomitant culture isnecessary if organism recovery orfurther typing of bacterial agents isdesired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Verigene® Enteric PathogensNucleic Acid Test (EP) is a multiplexed,qualitative test for simultaneousdetection and identification of commonpathogenic enteric bacteria, viruses,and genetic virulence markers fromliquid or soft stool preserved in Cary-Blair medium, collected from individualswith signs and symptoms ofgastrointestinal infection. The test isperformed on the automatedNanosphere Verigene System utilizingreverse transcription (RT), polymerasechain reaction (PCR), and arrayhybridization to detect specificgastrointestinal microbial nucleic acidgene sequences associated with thefollowing pathogenic bacteria andviruses:Campylobacter Group (composed ofC. coli, C. jejuni, and C. lari)Salmonella speciesShigella species (including S.dysenteriae, S. boydii, S. sonnei, andS. flexneri)Vibrio Group (composed of V.cholerae and V. parahaemolyticus)Yersinia enterocoliticaNorovirus GI/GIlRotavirus AIn addition, EP detects the Shiga toxin1 gene and Shiga toxin 2 genevirulence markers. Shiga toxinproducing E. coli (STEC) typicallyharbor one or both genes that encodefor Shiga toxins 1 and 2.EP is indicated as an aid in thediagnosis of specific agents ofgastrointestinal illness, in conjunctionwith other clinical, laboratory, andepidemiological information; however,is not to be used to monitor theseinfections. EP also aids in the detectionand identification of acute</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">gastroenteritis in the context ofoutbreaks.Due to the limited number of positivespecimens collected for certainorganisms during the prospectiveclinical study, performancecharacteristics for Yersiniaenterocolitica, Vibrio Group andShigella species were primarilyestablished with contrived specimens.Concomitant culture is necessary fororganism recovery and further typing ofbacterial agents.EP results should not be used as thesole basis for diagnosis, treatment, orother patient management decisions.Confirmed positive results do not ruleout co-infection with other organismsthat are not detected by this test, andmay not be the sole or definitive causeof patient illness. Negative EP results inthe setting of clinical illness compatiblewith gastroenteritis may be due toinfection by pathogens that are notdetected by this test or noninfectiouscauses such as ulcerative colitis,irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn'sdisease.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Stool sample preserved in CaryBlair or C&amp;S Preservation andTransport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Stool sample preserved inCary-Blair Medium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Lysis and DNAExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated sample lysis and DNAextraction in a self-contained cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex polymerase chain reaction(PCR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reserve transcription (RT) polymerasechange reaction (PCR)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric target specifichybridization to probe on a chipsurface, optical reader, automatedsoftware with built-in resultinterpretation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gold/Silver nanoparticle probedetection of bacterial-specific DNA oncomplementary oligo-microarray.Optical light scatter detection of gold-silver aggregates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One internal processing control (wholeorganism) - complete assay control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two internal processing controls(hybridization control andextraction/assay control)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA500 Portrait ™ Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verigene Reader and Processor SP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;2 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~2 hours</td></tr></table>

The following summarizes the differences and similarities between the Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel and the predicate device:

The Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel (SBPP) is similar to the Verigene® Enteric Pathogens (EP) Nucleic Acid Test in the following ways:

The SBPP and the EP have similar Intended Uses and both detect the following analytes: Campylobacter coli, jejuni, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., Shiga toxin 1 and Shiga toxin 2 The SBPP and the EP use the same sample type (preserved human stool) The SBPP and the EP are both qualitative, automated, multiplex nucleic acid based tests

The Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel differs from the Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Enteric Pathogens Nucleic Acid Test in the following:

The EP detects additional analytes not detected in the SBPP (Campylobater lari, Vibrio Group,   
Yersinia enterocolitica, Norovirus GI/GII, Rotovirus A)   
The SBPP detects E. coli Serotype O157 whereas EP does not

# F. Performance Summary – Analytical Studies

# a. Analytical Sensitivity

The limit of detection (LoD) of the SBPP was assessed by testing 10 bacterial strains which included all the target organisms detected in the SBPP. Preparation of E. coli, Salmonella and Shigella included overnight incubations of each bacterial stock in Tryptic Soy Broth. The broths were serially diluted into a pool of preserved negative clinical stool and plated onto Tryptic Soy Agar plates to determine the cell concentrations.

Preparation of Campylobacter spp. included incubation in Campy-Thioglycollate Broth (using cells obtained from a Campy CVA agar plate). The broths were serially diluted into a pool of preserved negative clinical stool and plated onto blood agar plates to determine the cell concentrations.

The LoDs for each strain tested is shown in Table 1.

Table 1. SBPP Limit of Detection (LoD)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SBPP TargetGene Present</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43486</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cadF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49943</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cadF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1, stx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1, stx2, 0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonellaa bongori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>invA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>invA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ipaH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ipaH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td></tr></table>

# b. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the SBPP was assessed by testing an additional 91 well characterized bacterial strains representing the organisms detected in the SBPP. The strains were obtained from the ATCC and contained the following:

5 Campylobacter coli,   
• 6 Campylobacter jejuni,   
• 16 Escherichia coli (stx1+ and/or $\mathfrak { s t x } 2 +$ )   
• 8 Escherichia coli $\mathit { s t x 1 + }$ and/or $\mathfrak { s t x } 2 +$ , with serotype $0 1 5 7 +$   
• 3 Shigella dysenteriae serotype 1 $( s t x 1 + )$ strains 33 Salmonella spp. 20 Shigella spp.

Organisms were grown as described in the LoD studies and were diluted to a concentration of 2X LoD into pooled negative preserved clinical stool matrix. At least 3 replicates per strain were tested. The results for are shown in Tables 2 through 5.

Table 2. Analytical Reactivity Campylobacter spp.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration2X LoD(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectSBPPResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43486</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51729</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43434</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni subsp. doylei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49943</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>n=11</td></tr></table>

Table 3. Analytical Reactivity Salmonella spp.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration2X LoD(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectSBPPResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Typhi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6539</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Newport</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6962</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Choleraesuis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Stanley</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Heidelberg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Muenchen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Paratyphi B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8759</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Bareilly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Kentucky</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Saint Paul</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Tennessee</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10722</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Paratyphi A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Typhimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Choleraesuis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica arizonae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Typhimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Dublin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica houtenae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15788</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Newport</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica diarizonae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Newington</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. salamae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. diarizonae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. houtenae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella bongori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. indica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Virchow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51955</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Agona</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Bristol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Montevideo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. salamae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Infantis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica Mississippi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2739</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>n=33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>* This set of test runs also contained 1 &quot;Invalid&quot; Run</td></tr></table>

Table 4. Analytical Reactivity: Shiga toxin 1, Shiga toxin 2 and E. coli Serotype O157   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga ToxinGene(s)Present</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Expected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration2X LoD(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectSBPPResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga-toxin producing E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ducing E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGlowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>cYanmaGellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGaYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700840</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0111:H8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDShiga Toxin 2 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>026:H11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>021:H19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O26:H11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=4>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>045:H2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>045:H2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0123:H25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0103:H2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0103:H11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>091:H21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=4>Shiga Toxin 2 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0113:H21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0145:H28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0145:H25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0121:H19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0104:H4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDShiga Toxin 2 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:H7:K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+/stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>Shiga Toxin 2 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0157:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>n=24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Shiga-toxin producing Shigella dysenteriae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9361</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>n=3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>* This set of test runs also contained 1 &quot;Invalid&quot; Run</td></tr></table>

Table 5. Analytical Reactivity: Shigella   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration2X LoD(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectSBPPResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii Serotype 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii Serotype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8702</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii Serotype 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii Serotype 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri Serotype 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri Serotype 2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri Serotype 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri Serotype 1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri Serotype 2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29903</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae Serotype 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae Serotype 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae Serotype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae Serotype 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae Serotype 13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>n= 20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>* This set of test runs also contained 1 &quot;Invalid&quot; Run</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The SBPP correctly identified all 91 organisms tested in the Inclusivity Study indicating that the SBPP can detect additional strains of Campylobacter coli, Campylobacter jejuni, Shigella, Salmonella and Shiga toxin producing Escherichia coli.

# c. Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The potential for cross-reactivity was evaluated in an Exclusivity Study, by testing non-target organisms commonly found in stool, in the SBPP. The study included 100 organisms phylogenetically related to targeted organisms as well as other bacteria, fungi/yeast, parasites, viruses, and human genomic DNA (84 bacterial strains, 3 yeast, 3 parasites, 9 viruses and human genomic DNA). For those isolates that were classified as Biosafety level III, or unable to be cultured via standard clinical microbiology techniques, genomic DNA was tested in place of whole organism.

Each non-target organism or nucleic acid was prepared in pooled, preserved, negative, clinical stool matrix. All bacterial and yeast strains were tested at concentrations $\ge 1 . 0 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL. Genomic DNA templates, viral strains, and parasites, were tested at $\ge 1 ~ \mathsf { u g } / \mathsf { m L }$ , ${ \ge } 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies/mL, or $\geq 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ $\mathsf { T C } \mathsf { I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ , respectively. A minimum of 3 replicates were tested for each organism evaluated for cross-reactivity.

In addition, in silico analysis was performed on the SBPP primers and probes against the six (6) published complete Norovirus genomes in the NCBI data base (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov /assembly/?term $\mid =$ norovirus). Based on low $\%$ Match Scores, low sequence similarities, and sequence alignments, it is highly unlikely that any of the Noroviruses would be amplified or detected by the SBPP primer-probe set.

The results of the study, including the specific concentrations at which each organism was evaluated are provided in Table 6.

Table 6. Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity) Study Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Input Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SBPPNEGATIVEResult</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC19606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.6 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35654</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.7 x 108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35098</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14579</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteriodes fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23745</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteriodes vulgatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8482</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15703</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium bifidum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 11863</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium longum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15707</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter curvus (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1459D-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter fetus fetus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.65 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter fetus venerealis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33561</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter hyointestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35217</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.75 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.95 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter upsaliensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49816</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter amalonaticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25406</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.47 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43594</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium histolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9714</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15038</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.43 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.33 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus cecorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43918</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19434</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.85 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EAEC Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29552</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.53 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23544</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EIEC Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43892</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 x 104 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EIEC Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43893</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 x 104 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EIEC Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12806</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 x 104 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ETEC Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 31703</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.37 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35469</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.47 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia hermannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33650</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.57 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium varium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27725</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.53 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter fennelliae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35683</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter pylori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49503</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneurmoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13883</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4356</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus casei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 393</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leminorella grimonti</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria grayi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria innocua</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15313</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25829</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.72 x 108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27337</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51903</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27908</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenicus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25845</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25933</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus penneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33519</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6896</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9886</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49762</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas putida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ruminococcus bromii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27592</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.17 x 107CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13880</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.27 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6538</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.37 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/7a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13637</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13813</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.43 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43078</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27335</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4543</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/6b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus uberis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9927</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trabulsiella guamensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49492</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10790</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholera</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 55188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17802</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio vulnificus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27562</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48 x 108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia bercovieri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.57 x 108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49397</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.81 x 108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia pseudotuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia rohdei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43380</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.92 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 18804</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida catenulata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10565</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saccharomyces boulardii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-796</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 x 106 CFU/mL#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viruses and Parasites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 2 (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-846D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 µg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus type 40, strain Dugan (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-931D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus type 41, strain Tak (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-930D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 µg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackie B4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-184</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium parvum (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-67D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 µg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30459DQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1775DQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50803D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GI (synthetic RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3234SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GIl (synthetic RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3235SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1546</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus A (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-2018DQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche 11691112001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 1 μg/mL9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"># Concentration estimated based on OD600</td></tr></table>

\*This set of test runs also contained 1 'INVALID' run a 'Salmonella DETECTED' for $1 / 4$ replicates. An additional 3 replicates were run and the expected NEGATIVE result obtained for all replicates. b One out of 3 replicates gave a 'Salmonella DETECTED' result. An additional 3 replicates were run, and the expected NEGATIVE result obtained for all replicates.

Conclusion: All of the organisms shown in Table 6 gave the expected “Not Detected” result indicating that there was no cross-reactivity with the SBPP. The only exceptions were the three Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC) strains which were “Detected” in the SBPP (0/3 SBPP Negative Results for each). This cross-reactivity was expected since the gene target used to detect Shigella spp. (ipaH) is also present EIEC (see Limitations in the Package Insert).

# d. Competitive Inhibition

To evaluate potential for competitive interference in the SBPP, combinations of the 8 SBPP target organisms, representative of potential dual infections, were tested. The organisms included: C. coli (ATCC 43486), C. jejuni (ATCC 49943), E. coli (ATCC BAA-2196 stx1+/stx2+), E. coli (ATCC 43895 $s t x 1 + / s t x 2 + /  { \mathsf { O } } 1 5 7 + )$ , S. bongori (ATCC 43975), S. enterica (ATCC 13311), S. flexneri (ATCC 25929), and S. sonnei (ATCC 29930). The panels were designed such that one organism of each bacterial species was present at a low titer (2X LoD) with a second organism present at a high titer $( \geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ ). The samples were generated by spiking previously frozen and quantified enriched broth cultures of all bacterial species, into pooled, negative, preserved clinical stool at the required concentration. This resulted in 48 unique combinations, each of which were tested in triplicate in the SBPP. The combinations and concentrations tested along with the study results are shown in Table 7.

Table 7. Competitive Inhibition Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism at Low Titer(2X) LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Organisms at High Titer: ≥106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli(ATCC)43486)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. jejuni (ATCC49943)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli(stx1+/stx2+/non-O157)(ATCC BAA-2196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli(stx1+/stx2+/157+(ATCC 43895)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. bongori(ATCCTC)43975)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. entericaATC)1131)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. flexneri(ATCC25929)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. sonnei(ATCC29930)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli (ATCC 43486)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni (ATCC 49943)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli(tx1+stx2+/0157-(ATCC BAA-2196)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (stx1+/stx2+/0157+)(ATCC 43895)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella bongori (ATCC 43975)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica (ATCC 13311)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7/9b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/19c</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6d</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri (ATCC 25929)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei (ATCC 29930)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>additional 3 replicates were teste and the expected result was obtained or both analytes,inall repliates.result was obtained for both analytes, in all replicates.Salmonella in replicates.Anaditional 6 replicates were tested and 16 detected ow tterSalela replicates. The expected result was obtained for both analytes, in all replicates.3 replicates were tested, and the expected result obtained for both analytes, in all replicates.</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: Competitive inhibition was only observed for Salmonella when E. coli $( s t x 1 + / s t x 2 + / 0 1 5 7 + )$ was present at concentrations $\geq$ 1 x $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL. No other combinations of organisms showed competitive inhibition.

# e. Interfering Substances

Potential interference in the SBPP from 19 different substances that are common stool contaminants, or likely to be present in patients with diarrhea were evaluated in an Interfering Substances Study. Each substance was added to a positive stool prepared by adding a single SBPP target organism to pooled, negative, preserved clinical stool at $\leq 3 \times$ LoD. The organisms tested represented each analyte detected by the SBPP and included: C. coli (ATCC 43486), C. jejuni (ATCC 49943), E. coli (ATCC BAA-2196 $s t x 1 + / s t x 2 +$ ), E. coli (ATCC 43895 $s t x 1 + / s t x 2 + /  { \mathsf { O } } 1 5 7 +  { \mathrm { \Omega } } )$ , S. bongori (ATCC 43975), S. enterica (ATCC 13311), S. flexneri (ATCC 25929), and S. sonnei (ATCC 29930).

A clinical, negative, un-spiked stool matrix was also tested as a control to evaluate potential interference with the internal assay control in the absence of analyte. A minimum of 3 replicates were tested for each substance. Samples for which 1 or more of the replicates gave unexpected results were re-tested. If 1 or more replicates still gave the unexpected result, the substance was considered to demonstrate interference in the SBPP at the concentration tested. The concentration at which each substance was tested along with the SBPP results are summarized in Table 8.

Table 8. Interfering Substances Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Potentially Interfering Substances andInput Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacterpcoli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacterejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia colis1+/stx2+157+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli(stx1+/stx2+on-0157)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalmonellaSbongori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonellaennterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigellasonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeStool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 43486S3X LoD(3.6 x 103)FFU/ML)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49943</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 2196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplesAAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3X LoD(2.6 X 103)CFU/ML)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3X LoD(3.2x 10)FFU/mML)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3X LoD (2x 104FF/ML)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3X LoD(7.5 x 1 10)CF/mML)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3X LoD(.x 104)FU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3X LoD(1.6 x 10)CF/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 3X LoD(2.8x 10)FU/mML)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlDETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacitracin Zinc ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium chloride,ethanol (moist towelettes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kaopectate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Milk of Magnesia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/6b   3/3c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral Oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pork Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

\* This set of test runs also contained 1 "Invalid" run. a.One replicate in this set correctly identified Shiga toxin 1/Shiga toxin 2, but additionally detected Shigella. b Four Salmonella bongori (ATCC 43975, $7 . 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ in stool with Milk of Magnesia $( 5 \%$ v/v) the SBPP did not detect Salmonella in $^ { 2 / 3 }$ replicates. An additional 3 replicates were tested and similarly, 2/3 replicates did not detect Salmonella. C The concentration of Milk of Magnesia was decreased to $2 . 5 \%$ v/v. The SBPP detected Salmonella in all replicates tested

# f. Microbial Interference

The potential for cross-reactivity in a mixed infection was evaluated in a Microbial Interference Study. A panel of non-target gastrointestinal pathogens commonly encountered in stool were tested in the presence of each of the analytes detected in the SBPP. The panel of non-target organisms tested was a subset of 29 of the organisms used in the Exclusivity Study and were commercially purchased at a given concentration, or previously frozen broth cultures, for which concentration was measured at the time of growth.

Similar to the Exclusivity Study, the non-target bacterial and yeast strains were prepared using previously frozen and enumerated aliquots of liquid cultures. Potentially interfering bacteria/fungi, viruses, and DNA were added at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL, ≥1 x $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies/mL, and $\geq 1 \ | | { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { m } } |$ , respectively, to pooled, negative, preserved, clinical stool with a single SBPP target analyte added at $\leq 3 \times$ LoD. The following 8 strains representing all SBPP targets were tested in the presence of the 29 interfering organisms: C. coli (ATCC 43486), C. jejuni (ATCC 49943), E. coli (ATCC BAA-2196 $s t x 1 + / s t x 2 +$ , $E .$ . coli (ATCC 43895 $s t x 1 + / s t x 2 + /  { \lvert { 0 1 5 7 + } \rangle }$ ), S. bongori (ATCC 43975), S. enterica (ATCC 13311), S. flexneri (ATCC 25929), and S. sonnei (ATCC 29930). In total, 21 unique bacterial strains, 2 yeast, 2 parasites, 3 viruses and human genomic DNA were tested for microbial interference with the 8 SBPP target strains.

A minimum of 3 replicates of each sample were tested. The specific concentrations at which each organism was evaluated along with the results are shown in Table 9.

Table 9. Microbial Interference Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Input Tested</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>C. coliATCC 43486≤ 3X LOD(.6 X  103)F/mL)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>C. jejuniATCC 49943S3X LOD(.6  6103)F/mML)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>E. coli(stx1+stx2+on-0157)ATCC 2196SX LoD (2x 104CFV/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli(stx1+/stx2+157+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonellabongori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonellaenterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flxneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigellasonnei</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATOCO 3X LoD(3.. x 104F/mML)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC3975≤ 3X LOD(.  7.5103)CFV/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC13311≤ 3X LOD(.. 104)FU/ML)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC25929</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCO 3X LOD(. 8 x 104CFF/mML)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD(1.6x 104F/ML)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYelowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGelob</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYelowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGelow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYelowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35654</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23745</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides vulgatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 8482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium bifidum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 11863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile (toxinA/B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 CFU/mML</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (non-STEC O157)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700728</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29552</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 31703</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Helicobacter pylori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 4356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25845</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 6538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 55188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49397</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n=21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yeasts, Parasites, Viruses and DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 18804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saccharomyces boulardii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-796</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica (gDNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 30459DQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1 x10 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis (gDNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 50803D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71 (RNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1775DQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1 x106 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus G1 (synthetic RNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-3234SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1 x106 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus (RNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-2018DQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1 x10 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human genomic DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Cat No.1169112001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>n=8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\*This set of tests also contained 1 "Invalid" run a One replicate in this set correctly identified Salmonella, but additionally detected Shigella.   
Conclusion: No interference from non-target organisms was observed at the concentrations indicated in Table 9 in the mixed Microbial Interference Study.

# g. Carry-over/Cross Contamination

To evaluate potential carry-over/cross-contamination of the SBPP a Carry-over Study was conducted. Briefly a contrived stool sample containing a high concentration of an analyte was alternated with a clinical negative stool sample in 10 consecutive testing rounds. The high positive sample was generated by adding previously frozen and quantified enriched broth cultures into pooled negative, preserved, clinical stool at a final concentration ≥ 1 x $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL. The organisms used in this study were C. coli (ATCC 43486), E. coli (ATCC $4 3 8 9 5 \thinspace { \mathrm { s } } t x 1 + / { \mathrm { s } } t x 2 \substack { + / \mathrm { O } } 1 5 7 + )$ , S. bongori (ATCC 43975), and S. flexneri (ATCC 25929). The negative sample was stool from symptomatic patients that previously tested negative for all SBPP targets.

The alternating pattern of 10 test rounds of high positive and negative samples were performed in direct succession on 4 different analyzers. In total, 80 SBPP tests were performed: 40 tests of a high positive sample and 40 tests of a negative sample. The concentrations tested along with the study results are shown in Table 10.

Table 10. Carry-over/Cross Contamination Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Sample Type (AlternatingPositive/Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Stool Bacterial Pathogens Panel Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PortraitAnalyzer5.315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Portrait Analyzer5.106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PortraitAnalyzer5.382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PortraitAnalyzer5.072</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli/jejuniDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDShiga Toxin 2 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalmonellaETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ShigellaDETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 5 - 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 9 - 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli/jejuniDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDShiga Toxin 2 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalmonellaDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ShigellaDETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 13 - 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 17 - 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli/jejuniDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDShiga Toxin 2 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalmonellaDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ShigellaDETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 21 - 24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 25 - 28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli/jejuniDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDShiga Toxin 2 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalmonellaDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ShigellaDDETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 29 - 32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 33 - 36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli/jejuniDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga Toxin 1 DETECTEDShiga Toxin 2 DETECTEDSerotype O157 DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalmonellaDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ShigellaDETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs 37 - 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: No carry-over or cross contamination was observed in the SBPP.

# h. Reproducibility

A Reproducibility Study was conducted at 3 clinical study sites; 2 external and 1 internal. The study incorporated several variables including 6 different operators (2 per site), 70 different Portrait Analyzers and 10 different cartridge lots.

A panel consisting of 7 different samples was tested in triplicate over 5 non-consecutive days by each operator. Each analyte detected in the SBPP was included as a low positive (1.5X LoD) and a moderate positive (3X LoD) in the reproducibility panel. A single negative was also included.

# Analysis of Positive Results

For each analyte, there were 90 possible positive results. However, due to circumstances which required additional runs, some samples have greater than 90 results which is explained below.

For Sample RP-03 two (2) of the three (3) replicates obtained by Operator 4 on Day 3 gave unexpected negative results for all 3 analytes that were supposed to be present in RP-03 (Shiga toxin 1, Shiga toxin 2, and E. coli O157 at $1 . 5 \mathsf { X } \mathsf { L o D } )$ . It was suspected that the negative results were due to a mix up with the sample ID. The third replicate was an aborted run (“Test Incomplete”) and didn’t produce any results. All 3 replicates were repeated. The original results along with the repeat test results were included in the analysis for a total “n” of 92 for each analyte in sample RP-03.

For Sample RP-04 one (1) of the replicates obtained by operator 5 gave positive results for all analytes detected in the SBPP (Sample RP-04 should only contain Shiga toxin 1, Shiga toxin 2, and E. coli O157 at 3X LoD). It was suspected that this sample was contaminated by the operator. Another aliquot of this sample was tested. The original result was included in the analysis along with the repeat test results giving a total “n” of 91 for the analytes in sample RP-04. The total number of replicates for all other samples was 90.

The percent agreement of the positive results is presented separately for each analyte and concentration, by operator, by site and in total, and is shown in Tables 11 through 16.

Table 11. Campylobacter Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectPositiveResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>dds Jaeqokce</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>1.5XLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3 X LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 12. Salmonella Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectPositiveResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Sklocma</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>1.5XLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>87/9096.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>93.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3 X LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/90100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 13. Shiga toxin 1 Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectPositiveResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>S o tit</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>1.5XLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/9297.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/32</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>93.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3 X LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>91/91100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31/31</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 14. Shiga toxin 2 Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectPositiveResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Z xo ebiis</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>1.5XLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>88/9295.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>29/32</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3 X LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>91/91100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31/31</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 15. E. coli Serotype O157 Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectPositiveResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>L eo </td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>1.5XLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/9297.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/32</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>93.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3 X LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>91/91100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31/31</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 16. Shigella Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectPositiveResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Sklbae</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>1.5XLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/90100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>3 X LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/90100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# Analysis of Negative Results

To assess negative results a single negative stool sample (RP-05) was tested. All analytes in the SBPP should give negative “Not Detected” results for this sample except for E. coli O157. Since E. coli O157 is not evaluated when Shiga toxin 1 and or 2 are “Not Detected” the reported result for O157 is “Not Tested”. Therefore, the SBPP will generate 5 negative results per replicate tested. Each operator tested 15 replicates of RP-05 for a total of 75 negative results per operator. The percent agreement of the negative results is presented by operator, by site and in total, and is shown in Table 17.

Table 17. Negative Sample Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectNegativeResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectNegativeResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectNegativeResus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Neebab</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>150/150</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>450/450100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>150/150</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>150/150</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

The overall results of the Reproducibility Study are summarized in Table 18. There $\mathsf { v a s } \ge \mathsf { g } 5 \%$ agreement of positive results for analytes that were present in low concentrations in the samples (1.5X LoD) and $100 \%$ agreement of positive results for analytes present at moderate concentration $( 3 \mathsf { X } \mathsf { L o D } )$ . The was $100 \%$ agreement of negative results from the negative sample.

Table 18. Summary of Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Campylobactercolijejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% (87/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shiga toxin 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (90/92)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (91/91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shiga toxin 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7% (88/92)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (91/91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>E. coliSerotype 0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (90/92)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% 91/91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (450/450)</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The study demonstrated acceptable reproducibility of the SBPP.

# i. Specimen Stability and Storage

A sample stability study was conducted to determine the allowable storage conditions (time and temperature) for clinical specimens. The study included the following organisms prepared at a concentration of 2X LoD: C. coli (ATCC 43486), C. jejuni (ATCC 49943), E. coli (BAA-2196), E. coli (ATCC 43895), S. bongori (ATCC 43975), S. enterica (ATCC 13311), and S. sonnei (ATCC 29930), at 2X LoD.

Each sample was tested in triplicate after storage at the times and temperatures shown in Table 19.

Table 19. Specimen Stability Study Time/Temperature Storage Conditions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time Point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time tested and Storage Condition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hr:Freshly prepared</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hr:Room temperature storage (20°- 25°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hr:2-8°C storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hr:2-8°C storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 hr:2-8°C storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 hr:2-8°C storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 hr: 2-8°C storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hr Room temperature (20°- 25°C) + 120 hr 2-8°C storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 hr Room temperature (20°- 25°C) + 144 hr 2-8°C storage</td></tr></table>

The results demonstrated $100 \%$ agreement with the expected results supporting the specimen storage claims in the Product Insert.

# G. Performance Summary – Clinical Studies

The clinical evaluation of the SBPP consisted of both a Prospective Sample and a Frozen Retrospective Sample Study. An additional study using selected fresh positive Salmonella samples was also performed (Selected Sample Study).

A prospective method comparison study was conducted to compare the performance of the SBPP to standard stool culture-based methods for identification of Campylobacter jejuni /Campylobacter coli, Escherichia coli serotype O157 Salmonella spp., Shiga toxin 1 Shiga toxin 2, and Shigella spp. The study was conducted at four external, geographically-diverse U.S. clinical study sites (Midwest, Northeast, Southwest and West) from July, 2016 through November, 2016. The specimens enrolled in the study were excess remnants of preserved stool samples collected from symptomatic individuals suspected of gastrointestinal infection that were processed according to routine standard care. A total of 1506 samples were collected for all four sites combined. Subsequent to enrollment, 24 samples were excluded from the data set leaving 1479 samples included in the analysis.

In addition, frozen archived de-identified specimens that were previously characterized as positive or negative by the standard of care method used at the institution (historical result) were obtained. The historical result for each sample was first confirmed by an FDA cleared Nucleic Acid Amplification Test (NAAT) prior to enrolling the sample in the study. A total of 150 frozen samples were included in the panel. The SBPP results were compared to the historical result.

To further increase the number of positive Salmonella samples evaluated, additional fresh samples selected as positive by the standard of care method used by the clinical study site were collected and tested. Intermountain Healthcare (IMC) in Salt Lake City, UT was also added as a sample collection site and testing samples from IMC was performed internally at Great Basin Scientific.

The positive (PPA) and negative (NPA) percent agreement for each of the three studies (Prospective Study; All sites Combined, Frozen Retrospective Sample study and Selected Sample Study) along with the $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals are shown in Table 20.

Table 20. Summary of Clinical Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Specimen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cemqogdcer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4%(82.3-99.4)27/28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(98.6-99.5)1439/1451</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Slocel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%(55.2-95.3)10/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%(99.1-99.8)1461/1467</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreshSelected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9%(77.4-98.0)26/28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(81.9-98.5)34/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(97.8-100.0)170/170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ho⊥ </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(20.7-100.0)1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%(99.0-99.8)1471/1478</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(88.3-100.0)29/29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(97.9-100.0)177/177</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2i tue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(20.7-100.0)1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%(98.8-99.71469/1478)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(89.0-100.0)31/31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(97.9-100.0)175/175</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SdPoeor4910E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(51.0-100.0)4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%(46.8-91.1)9/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(81.6 -100.0)17/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(89.0-100.0)31/31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sh!le</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(56.6-100.0)5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%(98.4-99.4)1460/1474</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%(75.4-99.1)18/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.0-100.0)187/187</td></tr></table>

As shown in Table 20, in the SBPP Prospective Study the point estimate achieved for PPA was $\geq$ $9 5 \%$ $( 9 6 . 4 \% \cdot 1 0 0 \% )$ for all analytes, except for Salmonella which was $8 3 . 3 \%$ . Due to the low number of co-positive samples, the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI was $< 8 0 \%$ for all analytes, except for Campylobacter which was $8 2 . 3 \%$ . The point estimate for NPA was still $\geq 9 5 \%$ $( 9 9 . 1 \% - 9 9 . 6 \% )$ for all analytes except E. coli O157 which was $7 5 . 0 \%$ .

Samples with discrepant results for the Campylobacter, Salmonella, Shigella and E. coli Serotype O157 analytes were investigated by further testing in the BioFire Film Array GI Panel (K140407). Samples with discrepant results for Shiga toxin 1 and/or 2 were investigated by further testing in the Nanosphere Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EP test (K140083). The results are shown in Table 21.

Table 21. Summary Table – Prospective Study Discrepant Results Resolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False NegativesResolved byNAAT ReferenceMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False PositivesResolved byNAAT ReferenceMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/7a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>stx2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/9b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli O157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td></tr></table>

a The one false positive not concordant with Verigene $\circled{8}$ EP (negative for stx1 in the Verigene $\circled{8}$ EP) was positive for stx1/2 in the BioFire GI Panel.

b The one false positive not concordant with Verigene $\circled{8}$ EP (negative for stx2 in the Verigene $\circled{8}$ EP) was positive for stx1/2 in the BioFire GI Panel.

As shown in Table 21, the majority of the false positive results were found to be concordant (resolved) with the FDA cleared NAAT that was used in the investigation of the discrepant results (BioFire GI Panel or Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EP).

The results from the Frozen Retrospective Study which utilized frozen archived samples further support the acceptable performance of the SBPP. As shown in Table 20, in the SBPP Frozen Retrospective Study the point estimate achieved for PPA was $\geq 9 0 \%$ $( 9 4 . 4 \% \textit { - } 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ for all analytes detected in the SBPP. The lower bound $9 5 \%$ CI for the PPA was $\geq 8 0 \%$ for all analytes except Shigella which was $7 5 . 4 \%$ . The point estimate for NPA was $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ for all analytes evaluated. The lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ CI was $\geq 9 5 \%$ for all analytes except for E. coli O157 which was $89 . 0 \%$ (due to the low sample size of the negatives). In the Frozen Retrospective study, there was one (1) false negative result for Shigella. This sample was further investigated and was also negative in the Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EP test. There were two (2) false negative results for Salmonella which were further investigated. One (1) sample was positive and one (1) sample was negative in the BioFire GI Panel.

The results from the Selected Sample Study are also summarized in Table 20 and provide further support of the performance for the detection of Salmonella using fresh samples. The point estimate was obtained for PPA was $9 2 . 9 \%$ $( 7 7 . 4 \% - 9 8 . 0 \% )$ . There were two (2) false negative results which were further investigated by testing in the Verigene $\textcircled{8}$ EP. One (1) of these was also negative in the Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EP and the other was positive for Salmonella in the Verigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EP.

Conclusion: The method comparison studies conducted as part of the clinical studies demonstrated acceptable performance of the SBPP and support the Intended Use of this product.

# H. Overall Conclusion

The submitted information in this 510(k) pre-market notification is complete and supports substantial equivalence.