February 14, 2017 FOCUS DIAGNOSTICS, INC.: DBA DIASORIN MOLECULAR LLC IRENE M. GUZMAN SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 11331 VALLEY VIEW STREET CYPRESS CA 90630

Re: K163085 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa C. difficile Direct; Simplexa C. difficile Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3130 Regulation Name: Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OZN Dated: January 12, 2017 Received: January 17, 2017

Dear Ms. Guzman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -A

For Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.Ribhi Shawar -   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K163085

Device Name Simplexa C. difficile Direct Simplexa C. difficile Positive Control Pack

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Simplexa C. difficile Direct   
The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct assay is intended for use on the Integrated Cycler instrument for the detection of Clostridium difficile toxin B gene (tcdB) present in liquid or unformed stool samples from individuals suspected of C. difficile infection (CDI). This test aids in the diagnosis of illness resulting from CDI.   
The assay is for professional and prescription use only. Simplexa C. difficile Positive Control Pack   
The Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct kit.   
This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant

Focus Diagnostics, Inc.   
DBA DiaSorin Molecular LLC 11331 Valley View Street   
Cypress, California 90630   
USA   
2023365

# Establishment Registration No. Contact Person

Irene M. Guzman tel 562.240.6133 fax 562.240.6529 irene.guzman@diasorin.com

Summary Date Proprietary Name

February 10, 2017   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct and   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack   
C. difficile RT PCR

Generic Name

Classification

21 CFR 866.3130 Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay   
Class II Special Controls   
BD MAX CDIFF ASSAY (K130470)

Predicate Device

# Intended Use

Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct (MOL2950)

The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct assay is intended for use on the Integrated Cycler instrument for the detection of Clostridium difficile toxin B gene (tcdB) present in liquid or unformed stool samples from individuals suspected of C. difficile infection (CDI). This test aids in the diagnosis of illness resulting from CDI.

The assay is for professional and prescription use only.

# Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack (MOL2960)

The Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct kit.

This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# Device Description

The Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct assay system is a real-time PCR system that enables the direct amplification and detection of toxigenic C. difficile DNA from unprocessed liquid or unformed stool specimens that have not undergone nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct assay, the Integrated Cycler (with Integrated Cycler Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct assay, bi-functional fluorescent probe-primers are used together with corresponding reverse primers to amplify C. difficile and DNA internal control targets. The assay targets a sequence which is in a well conserved region of C. difficile toxin B gene (tcdB). A DNA internal control is used to detect PCR failure and/or inhibition

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX™M Cdiff(K130470)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Focus Diagnostics Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct assay is intended for useon the Integrated Cycler instrument for the detection of Clostridium difficile toxinB gene (tcdB) present in liquid or unformed stool samples from individualssuspected of C. difficile infection (CDl). This test aids in the diagnosis of illnessresulting from CDI.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD MAX™ CdiffAssay performed on the BD MAX™ System is an automated invitro diagnostic test for the direct, qualitative detection of the Clostridium difficiletoxin B gene (tcdB) in human liquid or soft stool specimens from patients suspectedof having C. difficile infection (CDl). The test, performed directly on the specimen,utilizes real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of C. difficiletoxin B gene DNA and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization probes for thedetection of the amplified DNA. The BD MAX™ Cdiff Assay is intended to aid in thediagnosis of CDI.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile toxin B gene (tcdB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile toxin B gene (tcdB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid or unformed stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid or soft stool specimen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Methods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Simplexa C. difficile Direct assay incorporates direct, qualitative detectionof toxigenic C. difficile DNA from clinical specimens in human stool specimensusing the Integrated Cycler. The assay utilizes real-time PCR technology withfluorescently labeled, bifunctional primer-probes that amplify and detect aconserved region of the toxin B (tcdB) gene.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD MAX™ Cdiff Assay performed on the BD MAX™ System is an automated invitro diagnostic test for the direct, qualitative detection of the Clostridium difficiletoxin B gene (tcdB) in human liquid or soft stool specimens from patients suspectedof having C. difficile infection (CDl). The test, performed directly on the specimen,utilizes real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of C. difficiletoxin B gene DNA and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization probes for thedetection of the amplified DNA. The BD MAX™ Cdiff Assay is intended to aid in thediagnosis of CDI.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionTechniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real time PCR with bifunctional fluorescent primer-probes using the IntegratedCycler.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test, performed directly on the specimen, utilizes real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) for the amplification of C. difficile toxin B gene DNA and fluorogenictarget- specific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified DNA.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Bacterial Strain        LoD Concentration (CFU/mL)ATCC 43255                    0.95NAP1A                          0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain_ Toxinotype_ LoD in CFU per-loopATCC® 43255       0     265 (95% CI: 140, 502)ATCC® 9689        0     156 (95% CI: 82. 298)ATCC® BAA-i1805   III    205 (95% CI: 102, 412)ATCC® 43598      VIII    125 (95% Cl: 66, 235)</td></tr></table>

# K163085

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960   
February 10, 2017   
Page 3 of 20

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct</td><td>BD MAX™M Cdiff (K130470)</td></tr><tr><td>Reproducibility</td><td>Low Positive 100% (90/90)</td><td>For Site-to-Site Reproducibility, the overall percent agreement was 100% for MP, LP and Neg categories, with 92.2% and 50.0% negative agreement for HN1:100 and</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Medium Positive 100% (89/89)</td><td>HN1:10 categories, respectively. For Lot-to- Lot Reproducibility, the overall percent agreement was 100% for MP, LP and Neg categories, with 96.7% and 64.4%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>High Negative 98.9% (89/90)</td><td>negative agreement for HN1:100 and HN1:10 categories, respectively. Second Derivative Peak Abscissa (SDPA), an internal criteria used to determine a final assay</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>No Template Control (NTC) 98.9% (89/90)</td><td>result, was selected as an additional means of assessing assay reproducibility.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ATCC 43255 - LP*</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>54.4% (49/90) Positive 95% CI: 44.2 to 64.3%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ATCC 43255 - LP** 100.0% (90/90) Positive</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>95% Cl: 95.9 to 100%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ATCC 43255 - MP 100.0% (90/90) Positive</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>95% Cl: 95.9 to 100.0%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negative 100% 100.0% (90/90) Negative</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>95% Cl: 95.9 to 100.0%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Positive Control</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>100.0% (90/90) Positive 95% Cl: 95.9 to 100.0%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>NAP1A - LP</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>98.9% (89/90) Positive 95% CI: 94.0 to 99.8%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>NAP1A - MP 100.0% (90/90) Positive</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>95% Cl: 95.9 to 100.0%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>*Lower percent detection of C. difficile is related to qualified underperformance of matrix during original build as determined in LoD study.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>**Reformulated with a different matrix</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# METHOD COMPARISON

Two thousand three hundred and fifty one (2351) samples were prospectively collected from five (5) geographically diverse sites between December 3, 2015 and June 10, 2016 from patients with signs and symptoms of C. difficile infection. Of the 2351 specimens, 2330 were evaluable on Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct $\&$ the Direct Culture method and 2336 were evaluable on Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct & the Combination of Direct/Enriched Culture methods. Of the combination culture evaluable specimens, 1232 $( 5 2 . 7 \% )$ were collected from females and 1104 $( 4 7 . 3 \% )$ were collected from males. The patient ages ranged from less than one year old to 106 years old, and 2198 $( 9 4 . 1 \% )$ were 22 years old or older.

Samples were tested on Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct at the collection sites and the comparator culture method was performed at one (1) central laboratory. The initial invalid rate of the clinical prospective study using Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct was $0 . 6 4 \%$ (15/2351 samples). After repeat testing, $\mathfrak { 3 } / 1 5$ samples remained invalid, thus resulting in a final invalid rate of $0 . 1 3 \%$ (3/2351 samples). Discrepant analysis was performed using FDA cleared nucleic acid amplification test (NAAT) results provided by the sites.

Positive Controls and No Template Controls were tested daily at each site during the clinical studies. A total of 458 Positive Controls and 459 No Template Controls were tested across all sites and produced valid expected initial results for 456 $( 9 9 . 6 \% )$ Positive Controls and 451 $( 9 8 . 3 \% )$ No Template Controls. After QC re-testing, $100 \%$ of the unexpected QC results were resolved by repeat.

Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct versus Direct Toxigenic Culture Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Direct Culture + Toxin Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1902</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2330c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7% (265/277)95% CI: 92.6% to 97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1% (1890/2053)95% CI: 90.8% to 93.2%</td></tr></table>

a 116/163 discrepant samples were positive, 46/163 were negative, 1/163 was indeterminate for C. difficile Toxin B gene DNA when tested using a FDA cleared molecular test. b 8/12 discrepant samples were negative and $4 / 1 2$ were positive for C. difficile Toxin B gene DNA when tested using a FDA cleared molecular test. c Direct culture results were not available from 6 specimens due to plating errors. Overall results were obtained by enriched culture for the 6 samples and are tabulated in the Combined Culture.

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960   
February 10, 2017   
Page 5 of 20

Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct versus Combined Direct and Enriched Toxigenic Culture Methods   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Combined Culture (Direct &amp; Enriched) + Toxin Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>336</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1849</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1904</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2336</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.9%(336/391)95% Cl: 82.1% to 89.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%(1849/1945)95% CI: 94.0% to 95.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8%(336/432)95% Cl: 73.6% to 81.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%(1849/1904)95% Cl: 96.3% to 97.8%</td></tr></table>

a 59/96 discrepant samples were positive and 37/96 were negative for C. difficile Toxin B gene DNA when tested using a FDA cleared molecular test. b 43/55 discrepant samples were negative and 12/55 were positive for C. difficile Toxin B gene DNA when tested using a FDA cleared molecular test.

In addition, samples from the multi-site investigational study were also tested with three (3) commercially available FDA cleared molecular NAAT assays, and the performance of the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct assay was compared to the cleared assays. A total of 2326 specimens were tested across 5 external sites. The Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) was calculated for the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct versus each of the NAAT comparators.

Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct versus Nucleic Acid Amplification Test 1 (NAAT-1)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NAAT1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>683</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>691</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>707</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>829</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4% (114/122)95% Cl: 87.6% to 96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6% (683/707)95% CI: 95.0% to 97.7%</td></tr></table>

Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct versus Nucleic Acid Amplification Test 2 (NAAT-2)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NAAT-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>629</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>776</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9% (138/147)95% CI: 88.8% to 96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0% (591/629)95% CI: 91.8% to 95.6%</td></tr></table>

Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct versus Nucleic Acid Amplification Test 3 (NAAT-3)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NAAT-3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>584</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>604</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>721</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.8% (112/132)95% CI: 77.8% to 90.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2% (584/589)95% CI: 98.0% to 99.6%</td></tr></table>

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Reproducibility for Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct was performed at three sites on at least five non-consecutive days per site. A total of seven sample panel members were tested to evaluate reproducibility of the assay.

The panel included a positive control (PC), a negative control (TE-stool matrix without analyte) and four contrived samples spiked into a negative stool - TE matrix. The four contrived samples consisted of a low positive (LP) and a medium positive (MP) for C. difficile. Each contrived sample was prepared by spiking a specific concentration of the strain(s) into negative stool - TE matrix. Combined results for all sites are presented in the table below. The invalid rate for the reproducibility study using Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct was $0 . 2 4 \%$ (2/819 samples). After repeat testing, 0/2 samples remained invalid, thus resulting in a final invalid rate of $0 . 0 \%$ (0/819 samples).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43255 -LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%((0/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%((0/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43255 - MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(030)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3030)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAP1A - LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(330/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% (229/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%(89/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0% to 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAP1A-MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(990/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to 100.0%</td></tr></table>

1 Expected results of negative sample is “Negative” for C. difficile.

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

The Limit of Detection (LoD) for Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct was determined using a panel consisting of negative stool-TE matrix spiked with 2 strains of C. difficile bacterial stock. The stock was serially diluted. A total of 32 replicates were tested. The lowest concentration level of C. difficile where at least $9 5 \%$ of the replicates were detected as ${ } ^ { " } C .$ . difficile” was determined to be the LoD of the strain.

# K163085

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960   
February 10, 2017   
Page 7 of 20

The following table shows Limit of Detection (LoD) value in terms of CFU/mL for two C. difficile bacterial strains.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Bacterial Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAP1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY

SimplexaTM C. difficile Direct was evaluated for analytical reactivity to ${ } ^ { 3 2 } \thinspace C .$ . difficile strains not tested in the Limit of Detection (LoD) study.

Analytical reactivity samples were prepared by spiking one of the 32 regrown and re-titered strains into negative stool-TE matrix at $_ { 2 - 4 } \times$ LoD. Each sample was tested in triplicate. The strain was initially spiked at a $2 { - } 4 \times \mathsf { L o D }$ . If at least one of three replicates was negative for C. difficile, a higher concentration was tested until all three replicates were detected.

All 32 strains were detected positive for C. difficile at or below 512 CFU/mL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ribotype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 17857</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 17858</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>054</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A-B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 51695</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 700792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>027</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIlb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>027</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1871</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1872</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td></tr></table>

# K163085

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960   
February 10, 2017   
Page 8 of 20

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ribotype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1873</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>053</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1874</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile BAA-1875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile CCUG 8864 (CCUG 20309)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A-B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile IS81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>034</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium diffcile R1880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>086</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R7771</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A-B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R8366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R8637</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>019</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R9367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>070</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium diffcile R9385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R10456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>058</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R10725</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R10842</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>045</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R10870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XIV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile R12425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>||</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)

The cross-reactivity study for SimplexaTM C. difficile Direct was evaluated using 127 organisms for potential cross reactivity.

The samples were prepared at one internal site. Cross-reactivity samples were prepared by spiking each of the 127 organisms at clinically relevant concentrations into negative stool-TE matrix. Clinically relevant concentration is defined as ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL for bacteria and fungus and $\geq 1 \bar { 0 } ^ { 5 } \mathsf { T C l D 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ $( \mathsf { P F U / m L } )$ for viruses. If $\mathsf { T C } \mathsf { I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ (PFU/mL) or CFU/mL were not available, clinically relevant concentrations were prepared using industry accepted units. After preparation, all the samples were stored at $. 7 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or below until testing. Each cross-reactivity sample was tested at least in triplicate. If at least one of the three signals was detected, an additional five replicates of the same cross reactant was tested. Baseline samples were tested in five replicates per instrument with four baseline references based on batch testing of organisms.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile QualitativeResults: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. Faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus ATCC 11778</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus ATCC 13472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 6CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides caccae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

# K163085

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile QualitativeResults: % Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides merdae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides stercoris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium longum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campvlobacter jejuni1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida catenulate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cedecea davisae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter amalonaticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00X10 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter sedlakii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium beijerinckii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium bifermentans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium bolteae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium butyricum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium chauvoei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium fallax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium haemolyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium histolyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium innocuum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium methylpentosum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium nexile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium novyi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5% (1/8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium paraputrificum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium ramosum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium scindens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sepiticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cell/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sordellii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sphenoides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium spiroforme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sporogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium symbiosum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium tertium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium tetani</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collinsella aerofaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960 February 10, 2017 Page 9 of 20

# K163085

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile QualitativeResults: % Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 16 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus AD-169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 103 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edwardsiella tarda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eggerthella lenta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus cecorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus gallinarum vanC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus hirae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ATCC 11775</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ATCC 23511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ATCC 25922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O157:H7 (ATCC 700927)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia fergusonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia hermannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flavonifractor plautii (deposited as Clostridium orbiscindens)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium varium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gemella morbillorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hafnia alvei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Helicobacter fennelliae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Helicobacter pylori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. Pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactococcus lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leminorella grimontii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria grayi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria innocua</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00X10 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus G2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960 February 10, 2017 Page 10 of 20

# K163085

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile QualitativeResults: % Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus penneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia rettgeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas putida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus, strain Wa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. Arizonae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. Enterica serovar Choleraesuis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. Enterica serovar Typhimimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia liquefaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens subsp. marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CcFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus uberis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trabulsiella guamensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Veillonella parvula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Blood Cells (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 WBC/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia bercovieri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia rohdei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

1 Campylobacter jejuni was tested during validation. However, it is unknown if subspecies jejuni was tested. In silico NCBI BLAST analysis was performed for C. jejuni subsp jejuni and it did not show cross reactivity with the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct kit based on in silico analysis.

# INTERFERENCE

A total of 33 substances (endogenous & exogenous) were tested for potential interference with SimplexaTM C. difficile Direct using two bacterial strains of C. difficile – ATCC 43255 & NAP1A.

The following table summarizes the qualitative results for C. difficile for all 33 potentially interfering substances.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstanceConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C. difficile QualitativeDetection: %Detection(#Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline hydrochloride0.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacid and Anti-gas generic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aluminum hydroxide/Magnesiumhydroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anusol Plus (Pramoxine HCL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pramoxine hydrochloride 1% andzinc sulfate monohydrate 0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium sulfate (98% forsuspension)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium (Towlettes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium chloride, Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Hormones, Enzymes,lons, Iron, etc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colace1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ducosate sodium USP 100 mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5% (5/8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5% (7/8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dramamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimenhydrinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dulcolax²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bisacodyl USP 5 mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v) forATCC 43255 &amp;0.3125% (w/v) forNAP1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gynol II, Nonoxynol 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonoxynol 9 (4.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamide hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KY Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycerin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine rectal suspension(4 g/60 mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Milk of Magnesia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium hydroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5% (5/8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral Oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# K163085

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950   
Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960   
February 10, 2017   
Page 13 of 20

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstanceConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C. difficile QualitativeDetection: %Detection(#Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monistat 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Miconazole nitrate 2% (100 mg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoglobulins, Lysozyme,Polymers, etc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen³3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000 USPunits/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palmitic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palmitic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bismuth subsalicylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.175 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPF 30 Sunscreen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avobenzone 3%, homosalate 8%,octisalate 5%, octocrylene 4%, andoxybenzone 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPF 50 Sunscreen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avobenzone 3%, homosalate 13%,octisalate 5%, octocrylene 7%, andoxybenzone 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stearic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stearic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tums</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vagisil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine USP (20% - Externalanalgesic), Resorcinol (3% -External analgesic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White petrolatum USP (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Witch hazel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Witch hazel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid from 1 wipe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

1 Colace tested at two higher concentrations $10 \%$ and $5 \%$ w/v) produced “Invalid” results in all replicates. 2 Dulcolax also tested at $10 \%$ , $5 \%$ , $2 . 5 \%$ , and $1 . 2 5 \%$ w/v produced “Invalid” results for all replicates of strain NAP1A. Dulcolax at $0 . 6 2 5 \%$ w/v produced “Invalid” results in five out of eight replicates and a “Not Detected” result in one replicate of strain NAP1A. 3 Naproxen also tested at $1 4 ~ { \mathrm { m g / m L } }$ produced “Not Detected” results in seven out of eight replicates of strains NAP1A and ATCC 43255.

# INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct was evaluated by testing the ability to identify C. difficile when potentially inhibitory organisms are present.

130 organisms were evaluated for potential interference when the concentration of C. difficile in the sample was at a low/medium concentration $( \sim 2 \ – 4 \times \mathsf { L o D } )$ using two bacterial strains of C. difficile (NAP1A & ATCC 43255). A total of 127 organisms were tested during this study, and in silico NCBI BLAST analysis was performed for 3 organisms to determine microbial interference.

Microbial inhibition samples were prepared by spiking each of the 127 organisms at clinically relevant concentrations into negative stool-TE matrix. If $\mathsf { T C } \mathsf { I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ (PFU/mL) or CFU/mL were not available, clinically relevant concentrations were prepared using industry accepted units. Each microbial inhibition sample was tested in at least in triplicate. If at least one of the three signals was not detected, an additional five replicates of the same inhibitor was tested.

All replicates of baseline sample and microbial inhibition samples were positive for C. difficile. No evidence of microbial inhibition was observed for the 127 organisms at the tested concentrations. Below are the results of the study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain:ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile StrainNAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (5/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (5/5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0% (6/8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10f}$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. Faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10® CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus ATCC 11778</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus ATCC 13472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides caccae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides merdae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides stercoris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# K163085

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Page 15 of 20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain:ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile StrainNAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium longum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida catenulate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cedecea davisae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter amalonaticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter sedlakii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium beijerinckii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium bifermentans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium bolteae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium butyricum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium chauvoei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile ATCC 43593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium diffcile ATCC 43601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium fallax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium haemolyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium histolyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium innocuum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960 February 10, 2017

# K163085

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Page 16 of 20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain:ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile StrainNAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium methylpentosum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium nexile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium novyi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium paraputrificum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10® CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium ramosum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium scindens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sepiticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5% (7/8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sordellii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5% (7/8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sphenoides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium spiroforme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sporogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium symbiosum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium tertium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10® CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium tetani</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collinsella aerofaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10f$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10}$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edwardsiella tarda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eggerthella lenta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960 February 10, 2017

# K163085

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Page 17 of 20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain:ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile StrainNAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes Z052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus cecorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus gallinarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus hirae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ATCC 11775</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ATCC 23511 O16:K1L:NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ATCC 25922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O157H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia fergusonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia hermannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flavonifractor plautii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium varium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gemella morbillorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hafnia alvei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Helicobacter fennelliae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960 February 10, 2017

# K163085

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Page 18 of 20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain:ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile StrainNAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Helicobacter pylori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. Pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactococcus lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leminorella grimontii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria grayi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria innocua</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus G2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis Z050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus penneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia rettgeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas putida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960 February 10, 2017

# K163085

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Page 19 of 20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain:ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile StrainNAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus Strain Wa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. Arizonae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. Enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp. Enterica serovarTyphim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia liquefaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens subsp. marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), ATCC 700699</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis (MRSE), ATCC29887</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus uberis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trabulsiella guamensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Veillonella parvula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Blood Cells (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 WBC/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia bercovieri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960 February 10, 2017

# K163085

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct Catalog No. MOL2950 Simplexa™ C. difficile Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2960

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain:ATCC 43255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile StrainNAP1A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileQualitative Results:% Detection (#Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia rohdei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

1 Campylobacter jejuni was tested during validation. However, it is unknown if subspecies jejuni was tested. In silico NCBI BLAST analysis was performed for C. jejuni subsp jejuni and it did not show cross reactivity with the Simplexa™ C. difficile Direct kit based on in silico analysis.