# 0DUPCFS

QUIDEL CORPORATION  
JENNIFER RIAL  
DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS  
12544 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE, SUITE 200  
SAN DIEGO CA 92130

Re: K163713 Trade/Device Name: Sofia Lyme Fia, Sofia Lyme Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3830 Regulation Name: Treponema pallidum treponemal test reagents Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LSR Dated: May 17, 2017 Received: May 19, 2017

Dear Ms. Rial:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kristian M. Roth -S

'PS

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K163713

Device Name Sofia Lyme FIA Sofia Lyme Control Set

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Sofia Lyme FIA employs immunofluorescence for the rapid differential detection of human IgM and IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi from serum and plasma specimens from patients suspected of B. burgdorferi infection. This qualitative test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of Lyme disease. A negative result does not preclude infection with B. burgdorferi. All positive results for IgM and/or IgG should be further tested by a corresponding second-tier western blot assay. Test results are to be used in conjunction with information obtained from the patient’s clinical evaluation and other diagnostic procedures.

The Sofia Lyme Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control materials to verify the performance of the Sofia Lyme FIA test system.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

5. 510(K) SUMMARY

# 5.1. Submitter

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# 5.2. Submission Contact

Jennifer S. Rial

# 5.3. Date Prepared/Updated

October 18, 2017

# 5.4. Proprietary and Established Names

Sofia Lyme FIA Sofia Lyme Control Set

# 5.5. Common Name

Lyme IgG and Lyme IgM test and assayed external controls

# 5.6. Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3830</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology andMicrobiology Devices</td></tr></table>

# 5.7. Predicate Device

Vidas Lyme IgG and Vidas Lyme IgM

# 5.8. Device Description

The Sofia Lyme FIA is an immunofluorescence-based, lateral flow assay for detection of IgM and/or IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi in patient specimens. Reagents for the assay are ready-to-use and provided in the kit.

The assay uses a bidirectional test strip format to detect both IgM and IgG antibodies to $B .$ . burgdorferi. One side of the test strip detects IgM antibodies to $B .$ . burgdorferi and the other side of the test strip detects IgG antibodies to B. burgdorferi.

To perform the test, the patient specimen ( $3 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ serum/plasma) is added to a pre-filled Reagent Vial. $1 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the diluted sample is then dispensed into the round sample well located near the center of the Test Cassette. The Test Cassette is loaded into Sofia for an automatically defined development time (WALK AWAY Mode) or pre-incubated on the bench top prior to loading into Sofia (READ NOW Mode). Sofia scans the test strip, analyzes the fluorescent signal, and then displays two (2) test results: IgM (positive, negative or invalid) and IgG (positive, negative or invalid). As an option, the results are automatically printed on the integrated printer.

Each Sofia Lyme FIA kit will contain one Positive and one Negative Control—each provided in separate dropper bottles. The external controls will be provided separately as well in a Sofia Lyme Control Set. The Positive and Negative QC controls are formulated with patient Lyme IgM and IgG positive serum that are diluted into 1X PBS and $0 . 3 \%$ Microcide is added to the solution as an antimicrobial. The External Controls will be tested by adding 2 drops to the test cassette.

# 5.9. Intended Use

Sofia Lyme FIA:

The Sofia Lyme FIA employs immunofluorescence for the rapid differential detection of human IgM and IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi from serum and plasma specimens from patients suspected of $B$ . burgdorferi infection. This qualitative test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of Lyme disease. A negative result does not preclude infection with $B .$ . burgdorferi. All positive results for IgM and/or IgG should be further tested by a corresponding second-tier western blot assay. Test results are to be used in conjunction with information obtained from the patient’s clinical evaluation and other diagnostic procedures.

Sofia Lyme Control Set: The Sofia Lyme Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control materials to verify the performance of the Sofia Lyme FIA test system.

# 5.10. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate Device Name: Vidas Lyme IgM and Vidas Lyme IgG

2. Predicate 510(k) Numbers: K122979 and K122986

# Comparison with Predicate

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate IgM Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate IgG Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Sofia Lyme FIA withSofia</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Biomerieux Vidas LymeIgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux Vidas LymeIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Intended Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Sofia Lyme FIA:The Sofia Lyme FIAemploysimmunofluorescence forthe rapid differentialdetection of human IgMand IgG antibodies toBorrelia burgdorferi fromserum and plasmaspecimens from patientssuspected of B.burgdorferi infection. Thisqualitative test is intendedfor use as an aid in thediagnosis of Lyme disease.A negative result does notpreclude infection with B.burgdorferi. All positiveresults for IgM and/or IgGshould be further tested bya corresponding second-tier western blot assay.Test results are to be usedin conjunction withinformation obtained fromthe patient's clinicalevaluation and otherdiagnostic procedures.Sofia Lyme Control Set:The Sofia Lyme ControlSet is intended for use asassayed quality controlmaterials to verify theperformance of the SofiaLyme FIA test system.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">The VIDAS Lyme IgMassay is an automatedqualitative enzymeimmunoassay intended foruse on the instruments of theVIDAS family in thepresumptive detection ofhuman IgG antibodies toBorrelia burdorferi inhuman serum or plasma. Itshould be used to testpatients with a historyand/or symptoms ofinfection with B.burgdorferi. All VIDASLyme IgG positivespecimens should be furthertested with a Western BlotIgG assay to obtainsupportive evidence of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">The VIDAS Lyme IgGassay is an automatedqualitative enzymeimmunoassay intended foruse on the instruments of theVIDAS family in thepresumptive detection ofhuman IgG antibodies toBorrelia burdorferi inhuman serum or plasma. Itshould be used to testpatients with a historyand/or symptoms ofinfection with B.burgdorferi. All VIDASLyme IgG positivespecimens should be furthertested with a Western BlotIgG assay to obtainsupportive evidence ofinfection with B.burgdorferi.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">infec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">infecti</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Sofia</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">VIDAS and miniVIDAS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIDAS and miniVIDAS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Human IgM and IgGantibodies against B.burgdorferi proteins</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Human IgM antibodiesagainst B. burgdorferiproteins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgG antibodiesagainst B. burgdorferiproteins</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomatedAnalysis</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate IgM Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate IgG Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Lyme FIA withSofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux Vidas LymeIgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux Vidas LymeIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrumentscreen or print withoptional printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result report is printed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result report is printed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read ResultTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 Minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunofluorescenceDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral-flow Bi-directionalTest Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-linked fluorescentassay (ELFA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-linked fluorescentassay (ELFA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AntibodiesUsed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal anti-humanIgG and polyclonal anti-human IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-human IgM antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-human IgG antibodies</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigens Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant Proteins andsynthetic peptides of B.burgdorferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant proteins of B.burgdorferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant proteins of B.burgdorferi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene microparticlesdyed with Europiumhelate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase/4-MUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase/4-MUP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature (15-30°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RunningBufferSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One pre-filled vialcontaining PBS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample diluent and washbuffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample diluent and washbuffer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControlFeatures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in features include:Built-in proceduralcontrol zone scannedby the analyzer todetermine whetheradequate flowoccurred on the IgGside of the assay.Built-in referencecontrol line scannedby the analyzer todetermine whetheradequate flowoccurred on the IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One positive and onenegative control areincluded and must betested after opening anew kit to monitorreagent failure.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•One positive and onenegative control areincluded and must betested after opening anew kit to monitorreagent failure.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SofiaLymeFIAwithSofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux VidasLymeIgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux VidasLymeIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">side of the assay.• Analyzer preventsused or expiredcartridge from beingread by the reader• Cassette must beproperly inserted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# 5.11. Performance Data

Numerous studies were undertaken to document the performance characteristics of Sofia Lyme FIA and the Sofia Lyme Control Set, as well as to compare the performance between Sofia Lyme and the Vidas IgG and IgM tests. The studies included the following:

a. Various Analytical Studies Analytical studies included Limit of Detection, cross-reactivity, interfering substances, specimen collection and handling, operating temperature, and various flex studies. All studies demonstrated good performance.   
b. Precision This study evaluated the within laboratory precision / repeatability of the Sofia Lyme FIA using serum samples. The total precision results for $\mathrm { I g M }$ and IgG were not significantly different within-run, within-day, between day and total when tested with the negative (C0), high negative (C5), low positive (C95) and moderate positive (2- 3X LOD) samples.   
c. CDC Reference Panel When testing the CDC reference panel, the overall agreement for Clinical Status of IgG and IgM samples between Sofia Lyme FIA and Western Blot was good.   
d. Sensitivity Study This study evaluated the clinical sensitivity of the Sofia Lyme FIA device using wellcharacterized clinically or culture confirmed Lyme disease samples. The clinical sensitivity was compared to a $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ cleared test and the performance was comparable.   
e. Specificity Study This study evaluated the analytical specificity of the Sofia Lyme FIA using serum obtained from asymptomatic (healthy, normal) populations in both endemic and nonendemic regions. The overall specificity of the Sofia Lyme FIA was very good.

# f. Method Comparison

This study demonstrated that Sofia Lyme FIA has comparable performance to the Vidas Lyme IgG and Vidas Lyme IgM tests when testing prospectively collected serum specimens from subjects suspected of having Lyme disease.

# g. Reproducibility

This study demonstrated intra- and inter-laboratory reproducibility with a panel of test samples at various concentrations of IgM and $\mathrm { I g G }$ antibodies to $B$ . burgdorferi. The operators and laboratories obtained accurate results with the Sofia Lyme FIA.

# 5.12. Conclusion

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the Sofia Lyme FIA to the Vidas Lyme IgG and Vidas Lyme IgM tests. Such studies are a critical element in establishing the fundamental safety and effectiveness of the product and its appropriateness for commercial distribution.