ALERE SCARBOROUGH, INC.   
ANGELA DRYSDALE   
VP REGULATORY AFFAIRS - INFECTIOUS DISEASE 10 SOUTHGATE RD   
SCARBOROUGH ME 04074

Re: K163266 Trade/Device Name: Alere i Influenza A & B, Alere i Influenza A & B Control Swab Kit, Alere i Instrument Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OZE, OOI Dated: November 18, 2016 Received: November 21, 2016

Dear Ms. Drysdale:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

# Sincerely yours, Himani Bisht -S 2016.12.21 14:36:55 -05'00'

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K163266

Device Name AlereTM i Influenza A & B

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alere™ i Influenza A & B assay performed on the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection and discrimination of influenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2012-2013 and the 2014-2015 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K)	SUMMARY

This	 summary	 of $5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ]$ safety	 and	 effectiveness	 information	 is	 being	 submitted	 in	 accordance	 with	 the requirements	of	SMDA	1990	and	21	CFR	807.92.

The	assigned $5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ]$ number	is:	K163266

# SUBMITTER

Alere	Scarborough,	Inc.   
10	Southgate	Road   
Scarborough,	ME		04074   
Establishment	Registration	Number:		1221359

# CONTACT PERSON

Angela	Drysdale (207)	415‐1393	(Office) (207)	730‐5767	(FAX) angela.drysdale@alere.com	(email)

DATE PREPARED 11/18/2016

TRADE NAME Alere™	i	Influenza	A	&	B

COMMON NAME Alere™	i	flu,	Alere™	i,	Alere™	Influenza	A	&	B

CLASSIFICATION NAME Respiratory	Viral	Panel	Multiplex	Nucleic	Acid	Assay	(per	21	CFR	866.3980) Instrumentation	for	Clinical	Multiplex	Test	Systems	(per	21	CFR	862.2570)

CLASSIFICATION Class	II

PRODUCT CODE OCC,	OZE,	OOI

PANEL Microbiology	(83)

PREDICATE DEVICES Alere™	i	Influenza	A	&	B,	K151464

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Alere™	 i	 Influenza	 A	 &	 B	 is	 a	 rapid,	 instrument‐based	 isothermal	 tests	 for	 the	 qualitative	 detection	 and differentiation	of	influenza	A	and	influenza	B	from	nasal	swabs	and	nasal	or	nasopharyngeal	swabs	eluted in	viral	 transport	media	 from	patients	presenting	with	signs	and	symptoms	of	respiratory	infection.  The Alere™	i	Influenza	A	&	B	system	utilizes	isothermal	nucleic	acid	amplification	technology	and	is	comprised of:

 Sample	Receiver	–	single	use,	disposable	containing	the	elution	buffer Test	 Base	 –	 single	 use,	 disposable	 comprising	 two	 sealed	 reaction	 tubes,	 each	 containing	 a lyophilized	pellet Transfer	 Cartridge	 –	 single	 use,	 disposable	 for	 transfer	 of	 the	 eluted	 sample	 to	 the	 Test	 Base, and   
 Alere™ i	Instrument	–	repeat	use	reader

The	reaction	tubes	in	the	Test	Base	contain	the	reagents	required	for	amplification	of	the	target	nucleic	acid and	an	internal	control.		Alere™	i	 Influenza	A	&	B	utilizes	a	pair	of	 templates	 (similar	 to	primers)	 for	 the specific	 amplification	 of	 RNA	 from	 influenza	 A	 and	 B	 and	 a	 	 fluorescently	 labeled	 molecular	 beacon designed	to	specifically	identify	the	amplified	RNA	targets.

Alere™	 i	 Influenza	 A	 &	 B	 is	 performed	 within	 the	 confinement	 of	 the	 Test	 Base,	 and	 no	 other	 part	 of	 the Alere™	i	Instrument	has	contact	with	the	sample	during	the	amplification	process.		This	reduces	the	risk	of instrument	contamination	and	sample	carry‐over	between	measurements.

To	perform	the	assay,	the	Sample	Receiver	and	Test	Base	are	inserted	into	the	Alere™	i	Instrument	and	the elution	buffer	is	automatically	heated	by	the	instrument.		The	sample	is	added	to	the	Sample	Receiver	and transferred	 via	 the	 Transfer	 Cartridge	 to	 the	 Test	 Base,	 resuspending	 the	 lyophilized	 pellets	 contained within	 the	Test	Base	and	initiating	 target	amplification.		Heating,	mixing	and	detection	by	 fluorescence	is provided	by	the	instrument,	with	results	automatically	reported.

Results	 are	 displayed	 by	 the	 Alere™	 i	 Instrument	 and	 are	 also	 stored	 in	 an	 on‐board	 archive	 and	 are assigned	 to	 a	 sample	 ID	 that	 has	 been	 entered	 into	 the	 Alere™	 i	 Instrument	 by	 the	 operator,	 and	 the date/time	the	test	was	performed.		Data	can	be	retrieved	and	downloaded	by	the	operator	at	any	time	after testing.		An	external	Alere™	Universal	Printer	can	be	attached	via	USB	to	the	Alere™	i	Instrument	to	print test	results.

# INTENDED USE

The	 Alere™	 i	 Influenza	 A	 &	 B	 assay	 performed	 on	 the	 Alere™	 i	 Instrument	 is	 a	 rapid	 molecular	 in vitro diagnostic	 test	 utilizing	 an	 isothermal	 nucleic	 acid	 amplification	 technology	 for	 the	 qualitative	 detection and	discrimination	of	influenza	A	and	B	viral	RNA	in	direct	nasal	swabs	and	nasal	or	nasopharyngeal	swabs eluted	 in	 viral	 transport	 media	 from	 patients	 with	 signs	 and	 symptoms	 of	 respiratory	 infection.	 It	 is intended	 for	use	as	an	aid	in	 the	differential	diagnosis	of	influenza	A	 and	B	 viral	infections	in	humans	in conjunction	with	clinical	and	epidemiological	risk	factors.	The	assay	is	not	intended	to	detect	the	presence of	influenza	C	virus.

Negative	 results	 do	 not	 preclude	 influenza	 virus	 infection	 and	 should	 not	 be	 used	 as	 the	 sole	 basis	 for diagnosis,	treatment	or	other	patient	management	decisions.

Performance	 characteristics	 for	 influenza	 A	 were	 established	 during	 the	 2012‐2013	 and	 the	 2014‐2015 influenza	seasons	when	influenza	A/H3	and	A/H1N1	pandemic	were	the	predominant	influenza	A	viruses in	circulation.		When	other	influenza	A	viruses	are	emerging,	performance	characteristics	may	vary.

If	 infection	 with	 a	 novel	 influenza	 A	 virus	 is	 suspected	 based	 on	 current	 clinical	 and	 epidemiological screening	 criteria	 recommended	 by	 public	 health	 authorities,	 specimens	 should	 be	 collected	 with appropriate	 infection	 control	 precautions	 for	 novel	 virulent	 Influenza	 viruses	 and	 sent	 to	 state	 or	 local health	department	for	testing.	Viral	culture	should	not	be	attempted	in	these	cases	unless	a	BSL $3 +$ facility is	available	to	receive	and	culture	specimens.

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Alere™	 i	 Influenza	 A	 &	 B	 is	 an	 instrument‐based,	 molecular	 in vitro	 diagnostic	 test	 utilizing	 isothermal nucleic	acid	amplification	technology	for	the	qualitative	detection	of	influenza	A	and	B	viral	RNA.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

Alere	 Scarborough,	 Inc.	 is	 submitting	 this	 Special $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ submission	 due	 to	 a	 modification	 of	 Alere™	 i Influenza	A	&	B	in	which	an	additional	molecular	beacon	was	added	to	address	an	identified	mismatch	with certain	Flu	B	strains	and	the	sugar	excipient	was	modified	to	enable	more	efficient	lyophilization.

Alere™	 i	 Influenza	 A	 &	 B	 incorporating	 the	 assay	 modifications	 (modified	 device)	 was	 compared	 to	 the legally	marketed	predicate	device,	the	510(k)	cleared	Alere™	i	Influenza	A	&	B	test.

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B (Modified Device)</td><td>Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B (K151464)</td></tr><tr><td>FDA Product Code</td><td>OCC,OZE, 00I</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Target Intended Use</td><td>Influenza A, Influenza B The Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B assay performed on the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular in</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection and discrimination influenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>established during the 2012-2013 and the 2014- 2015 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B(Modified Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B(K151464)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">epidemiological screening criteria recommendedby public health authorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulent Influenza virusesand sent to state or local health department fortesting. Viral culture should not be attempted inthese cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Environmentfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use, in a medical laboratory or pointof care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-Contained System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated PC, Software, and Touch ScreenDisplay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes. Sample preparation, amplification, detection,and result interpretation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Information</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGYellowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Swab and Nasal or Nasopharyngeal SwabsEluted in Viral Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Viral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PB2 segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B Viral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal nucleic acid amplificationfordetecting the presence/absence of viral RNA inclinical specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay uses different reporter dyes for each target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 15 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>