"VHVTU

ICUBATE, INC. C/O FRAN WHITE MDC ASSOCIATES, LLC 180 CABOT STREET BEVERLY, MA 01915

Re: K163390 Trade/Device Name: iC-GPC Assay, iC-System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3365 Regulation Name: Multiplex nucleic acid assay for identification of microorganisms and resistance markers from positive blood cultures Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PAM, NSU Dated: July 14, 2017 Received: July 17, 2017

Dear Ms. White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S GPS

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D. Director, Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The iCubate iC-GPC Assay for use on the iC-System is a qualitative, multiplexed, in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and identification of potentially pathogenic gram positive bacteria, which may cause bloodstream infection (BSI). The iC-GPC Assay is performed directly on positive blood cultures, confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram positive cocci. Cultures demonstrating mixed Gram stain results should not be tested with the assay. The iC-GPC Assay is validated for use with select BACTEC, BacT/ALERT and VersaTREK blood culture bottles. The iC-GPC Assay is indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, such as blood culture isolate identification and antimicrobial susceptibility testing, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial bloodstream infections; however, it is not used to monitor bloodstream infections.

The iC-GPC Assay detects organism DNA and identifies the following bacterial species and resistance markers:

Bacterial Species Staphylococcus aureus Staphylococcus epidermidis Streptococcus pneumoniae Enterococcus faecalis Enterococcus faecium

Resistance Markers mecA- associated with methicillin resistance vanA- associated with vancomycin resistance vanB- associated with vancomycin resistance

The iC-GPC Assay detects the mecA resistance marker, inferring mecA-mediated methicillin resistance, and the vanA and vanB resistance markers, inferring vanA/vanB-mediated vancomycin resistance. In mixed growth, the iC-GPC Assay does not specifically attribute van-mediated vancomycin resistance to either $E .$ . faecalis or $E$ . faecium, or mecA-mediated methicillin resistance to either S. aureus or S. epidermidis.

Sub-culturing of positive blood cultures is necessary to recover organisms for susceptibility testing, identification of organisms not detected by the iC-GPC Assay, differentiation of mixed growth, association of antimicrobial resistance marker genes to a specific organism, or for epidemiological typing.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Date of Summary:

August 2, 2017

# Product Name

iC-GPC Assay™ for use on the iC-System™

Sponsor

iCubate® 601 Genome Way Huntsville, AL 35806

# Correspondent

MDC Associates, LLC Fran White, President 180 Cabot Street Beverly, MA 01915 Phone: (978) 705-5011 Fax: (800) 498-9121

# Device Trade or Proprietary Name

iC-GPC Assay™ for use on the iC-System™

# Common Name

Gram positive bacteria and their resistance markers

# Regulation

21 CFR 866.3365, Multiplex nucleic acid assay for identification of microorganisms and resistance markers from positive blood cultures.

Product CodesPAM, NSU

Classification Class II

<table><tr><td colspan="3">TABLE 1. Comparison of New Device with Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>iC-GPC Assay™ for use on the iC-System™ (New Device)</td><td>VERIGENE® Gram Positive Blood Culture Nucleic Acid Test (BC-GP) (K122514) (Primary Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities Intended Use The iCubate iC-GPC Assay™ for use on the iC- The Verigene® Gram Positive Blood Culture Nucleic</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>System™ is a qualitative, multiplexed, in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and identification of potentially pathogenic gram positive bacteria, which may cause bloodstream infection (BSI). The iC-GPC Assay™ is performed directly on positive blood cultures, confirmed by Gram Stain to contain gram positive cocci. Cultures demonstrating mixed Gram stain results should not be tested on the assay. The iC-GPC Assay™ is validated for use with select BACTEC™ BacT/ALERT® and VersaTREK® blood culture bottles. The iC-GPC Assay™ is indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, such as blood culture isolate identification and antimicrobial susceptibility testing, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial bloodstream infections; however, it is not used to monitor bloodstream infections. The iC-GPC Assay™ detects organism DNA and with methicillin</td><td>Acid Test (BC-GP) performed using the sample-to- result Verigene System is a qualitative, multiplexed in vitro diagnostic test for the simultaneous detection and identification of potentially pathogenic gram- positive bacteria which may cause bloodstream infection (BSI). BC-GP is performed directly on positive blood culture using BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F and BacT/ALERT FA FAN® Aerobic blood culture bottles, which contain gram positive bacteria. BC-GP is indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, such as culture, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial bloodstream infections; however, it is not used to monitor bloodstream infections. BC-GP detects and identifies the following bacterial genera and species: Staphylococcus spp. Staphylococcus aureus Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">identifies the following bacterial species and resistance markers: Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan="3">Staphylococcus lugdunensis Streptococcus spp. Streptococcus pneumoniae Enterococcus faecalis Enterococcus faecium mixed growth, BC-GP does not specifically attribute faecalis or E. faecium, or mecA-mediated methicillin resistance to either S. aureus or S. epidermidis.</td></tr><tr><td>Bacterial Species</td><td>Streptococcus pyogenes Resistance Markers Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus anginosus group mecA- associated</td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus epidermidis Streptococcus pneumoniae Enterococcus faecalis Enterococcus faecium The iC-GPC Assay™ detects the mecA resistance</td><td>Listeria spp. vanA- associated with vancomycin resistance In addition, BC-GP detects the mecA vanB- associated resistance marker, inferring mecA-mediated with vancomycin methicillin resistance, and resistance the vanA and vanB resistance markers, inferring vanA/vanB-mediated vancomycin resistance. In van-mediated vancomycin resistance to either E.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">marker, inferring mecA-mediated methicillin resistance, and the vanA and vanB resistance markers, inferring vanA/vanB-mediated vancomycin resistance. In mixed growth, the iC- GPC Assay™ does not specifically attribute van- mediated vancomycin resistance to either E.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iC-GPC Assay™ for use on the iC-System™(New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VERIGENE® Gram Positive Blood Culture NucleicAcid Test (BC-GP) (K122514)(Primary Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">faecalis or E. faecium, or mecA-mediatedmethicillin resistance to either S. aureus or S.epidermidis.Sub-culturing of positive blood cultures isnecessary to recover organisms for susceptibilitytesting, identification of organisms not detectedby the iC-GPC Assay™, differentiation of mixedgrowth, association of antimicrobial resistancemarker genes to a specific organism, or forepidemiological typing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The iC-GPC Assay™ is indicated for use inconjunction with other clinical and laboratoryfindings to aid in the diagnosis of bacterialbloodstream infections; however, is not to beused to monitor these infections. Sub-culturing ofpositive blood cultures is necessary to recoverorganisms for susceptibility testing, identificationof organisms not detected by the iC-GPC Assay™,differentiation of mixed growth, association ofantimicrobial resistance marker genes to aspecific organism, or for epidemiological typing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BC-GP is indicated for use in conjunction with otherclinical and laboratory findings to aid in the diagnosisof bacterial bloodstream infections; however, is notto be used to monitor these infections. Sub-culturingof positive blood cultures is necessary to recoverorganisms for susceptibility testing, identification oforganisms not detected by BC-GP, differentiation ofmixed growth, association of antimicrobial resistancemarker genes to a specific organism, or forepidemiological typing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Blood Culture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Blood Culture</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentRequirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iC-System™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VERIGENE® System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arm-PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gold nanoparticle probe-based PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompatibleBlood CultureBottles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BACTEC™ Standard Aerobic/Anaerobic, BACTEC™MPlus Aerobic/Anaerobic, BACTEC™ Lytic/10Anaerobic, BacT/ALERT Standard Aerobic,BacT/ALERT FA Aerobic FAN®, BacT/ALERT FAPlus Aerobic, VersaTREK® REDOX 1/2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BACTEC™ Standard Aerobic/Anaerobic, BACTEC™Plus Aerobic/Anaerobic, BACTEC™ Lytic/10Anaerobic, BACTEC™ Peds Plus, BacT/ALERTStandard Aerobic/Anaerobic, BacT/ALERT FA AerobicFAN®, BaCT/ALERT FN AnaerObic FAN®, BacT/ALERTPF Pediatric FAN, VersaTREK® REDOX 1/2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four (4) samples/iC-Processor™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One (1) sample/processor</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The iCubate iC-GPC Assay™ for use on the iC-System™ is a qualitative, multiplexed, in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and identification of potentially pathogenic gram positive bacteria, which may cause bloodstream infection (BSI). The iC-GPC Assay™ is performed directly on positive blood cultures, confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram positive cocci. Cultures demonstrating mixed Gram stain results should not be tested on the assay. The iC-GPC Assay™ is validated for use with select BACTEC™, BacT/ALERT® and VersaTREK® blood culture bottles. The iC-GPC Assay™ is indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, such as blood culture isolate identification and antimicrobial susceptibility testing, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial bloodstream infections; however, it is not used to monitor bloodstream infections.

The iC-GPC Assay™ detects organism DNA and identifies the following bacterial species and resistance markers:

<table><tr><td>Bacterial Species</td><td>Resistance Markers</td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus aureus Staphylococcus epidermidis Streptococcus pneumoniae Enterococcus faecalis Enterococcus faecium</td><td>mecA- associated with methicillin resistance vanA- associated with vancomycin resistance vanB- associated with vancomycin resistance</td></tr></table>

The iC-GPC Assay™ detects the mecA resistance marker, inferring mecA-mediated methicillin resistance, and the vanA and vanB resistance markers, inferring vanA/vanB-mediated vancomycin resistance. In mixed growth, the iC-GPC Assay™ does not specifically attribute van-mediated vancomycin resistance to either $E .$ . faecalis or $E .$ . faecium, or mecA-mediated methicillin resistance to either S. aureus or S. epidermidis.

Sub-culturing of positive blood cultures is necessary to recover organisms for susceptibility testing, identification of organisms not detected by the iC-GPC Assay™, differentiation of mixed growth, association of antimicrobial resistance marker genes to a specific organism, or for epidemiological typing.

# Limitations

For prescription use only.

Please refer to the iC-GPC Assay™ labeling for a more complete list of warnings, precautions and contraindications.

# Methodology

The iC-GPC Assay™ utilizes polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of specific targets and detects the amplified target DNA with fluorescence-based microarray hybridization. The iC-GPC Assay™ uses proprietary ARM-PCR (Amplicon Rescued Multiplex PCR) technology allowing for multiple targets to be amplified in one reaction. Targets are detected directly from patient positive blood cultures, confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram positive cocci. Testing is performed within a closed, disposable cassette that contains all the reagents required to complete the iC-GPC Assay™, including a universal microarray.

To operate, the user opens the iC-GPC Cassette™ cap and pipettes an aliquot of the positive blood culture sample into the sample well of the cassette. The cassette is then inserted into the iCProcessor™, which performs the processes of DNA extraction, multiplex amplification, and microarray hybridization. After processing is complete, the cassette is inserted into the iC-Reader™ for fluorescence-based detection and data analysis. Final results are generated by iC-Report, computer software for data acquisition, analysis, and display.

Extraction, amplification, and hybridization are defined by an assay script controlled by the iCProcessor™. The processing script is defined within a barcode label positioned on the top of each iCGPC Cassette™ which communicates with the iC-Processor™. To access and pierce the foil-sealed reagent wells located in the bottom well plate of the cassette, the processor manipulates the cassette to move the internal pipette horizontally and vertically. The script directs the transfer of reagents between the wells in the bottom well plate and finally to the array within the cassette. The iCProcessor™ is capable of processing 4 iC-Cassettes™ with random access.

Once processing is complete, the cassette is manually transferred from the iC-Processor™ to the iCReader™ where the microarray within the cassette is read. The iC-Reader™ is capable of reading up to 4 iC-Cassettes™ at one time. The results are interpreted via the iC-Report™ software and displayed for the user on an iMac® computer. Raw data and result interpretations are stored within the ${ \mathrm { i } } \mathsf { M a c } ^ { \otimes }$ ; raw data is accessible to authorized personnel only and is not available to the end user.

# Performance Data

For ease of reference, the following table defines iC-GPC target organisms, corresponding gene targets, and common acronyms used in the following study descriptions.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TABLE 1: iC-GPC Assay Targets</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acronym</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gseA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nuc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lytA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ddl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fcm (ddlEFcM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM</td></tr></table>

# Bottle Ring

A study was performed to establish the lowest level of each iC-GPC Assay target organism at initial bottle positivity (bottle “ring”). The nineteen organisms used to define target limits of detection were evaluated. Organisms were inoculated into BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottles with human blood added. Bottles were allowed to incubate on the blood culture system until initial bottle positivity. Bottles were removed from the incubator within two hours of bottle ring, and plating and subsequent colony counts were performed to confirm organism concentrations. A minimum of five bottles were evaluated for each strain. The average concentrations at bottle ring are presented in Table 2 below. These concentrations, representative of the lowest levels that may be observed in a clinical setting, are equivalent to or greater than the respective target limits of detection (see below).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TABLE 2: Target Organism Concentrations at Bottle &quot;Ring&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Concentration (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE 700566</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE 35984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE 12228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.59 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE 49134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA 700699</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA BAA 1768</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.24 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA BAA 977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA 25923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.06 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN 6301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.40 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN 700673</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.95 × 10 </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS 51299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72 × 10 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS 700802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS JMI 12536</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS 29212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.53 × 1010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS BAA 2128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.77 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM 700221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM 51559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM 35667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM BAA 2127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70 × 108</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

To confirm site-to-site, operator-to-operator, system-to-system, and lot-to-lot reproducibility of the iC-GPC Assay, a representative panel of target organisms and one non-target organism were tested at two concentrations: initial bottle positivity and eight hours beyond initial bottle positivity. Organisms were grown to the appropriate concentration in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic/F blood culture bottles with human blood added on the BD BACTEC System. Testing was performed by two independent operators at each of three sites, two external and one in-house. The six organism panel was tested in replicates of three across five, non-consecutive days. Testing was evaluated across three cassette lots and four iC-Systems. Table 3 below summarizes results by iC-GPC Assay target and concentration. Testing confirmed that performance of the iC-GPC Assay for use on the iC-System is reproducible across sites, operators, systems, and lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>TABLE 3: iC-GPC Reproducibility Performance by Target &amp; Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism/Gene Target/Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallPerformance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallPerformance %[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FalseNegatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FalsePositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive ControlsCheck Failures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemFailures</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. epidermidis (gseA)Bottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/976(0.10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. epidermidis (gseA)Bottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/975(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. aureus (nuc)Bottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/976(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. aureus (nuc)Bottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9[93.97-99.80]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.12%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/975(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. pneumoniae (lytA)Bottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.82-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/88(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/977(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. pneumoniae (lytA)Bottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/976(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalis (ddl)Bottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/976(0.20%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalis (ddl)Bottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86, 100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/976(0.31%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecium (fcm)Bottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/975(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecium (fcm)Bottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/976(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecABottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177/178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4[96.89-99.90]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/178(0.56%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/887(0.11%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/180(0.56%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/180(0.56%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecABottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180/180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[97.91-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/180(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/885(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/180(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/180(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanABottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/975(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanABottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/976(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanBBottle Ring</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/976(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanBBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0[95.86, 100.0]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/89(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/976(0.00%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.11%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.00%)</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

A study was conducted to determine the limit of detection, defined as the lowest concentration $( \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ of analyte that can be detected approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, for the eight targets detected by the iC-GPC Assay. A panel of nineteen organisms was evaluated, including a minimum of two bacterial strains per target analyte. Three concentrations were tested for each LoD panel member in replicates of twenty on three unique cassette lots. The LoD of each target is considered the lowest concentration with an approximately $9 5 \%$ detection rate, presented in Table 4 below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>TABLE 4: iC-GPC Assay Target LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iC-GPC Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenotype Identification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defined LoD (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gseA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106  1.7 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nuc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 x 10 6  4.4 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Associated with methicillin resistance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4 × 10^5  9.5 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lytA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 × 106 - 6.0 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ddl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 × 10 5 - 5.8 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fcm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9 × 10 6 - 7.9 x 10 6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Associated with vancomycin resistance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2× 10 5 -1.1 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Associated with vancomycin resistance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9 x 106 - 5.8 × 106</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity (inclusivity) for each iC-GPC Assay target was evaluated using multiple wellcharacterized and clinically relevant strains chosen to represent temporal, geographic, and genetic diversity. Inclusivity panel organisms included the following:

o 5 Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA negative strains   
o 6 Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA positive strains   
o 5 Staphylococcus aureus, mecA negative strains   
o 58 Staphylococcus aureus, mecA positive strains, representing various pulsefield gel electrophoresis types and including the following:  Vancomycin-intermediate SA (VISA)  Panton-Valentine Leukocidin (PVL)-producing SA  ATCC 43300 (hetero-resistant, mecA positive)   
o 2 borderline oxacillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains (BORSA)   
o 10 Streptococcus pneumoniae strains   
o 5 Enterococcus faecalis, vanA/vanB negative strains   
o 5 Enterococcus faecalis, vanA or vanB positive strains   
o 5 Enterococcus faecium, vanA/vanB negative strains   
o 5 Enterococcus faecium, vanA or vanB positive strains

A total of 106 organisms were evaluated for iC-GPC Assay Inclusivity testing. Strains were tested near the target LoD (2-3x LoD) or at the lowest level of bottle positivity. Testing was performed in triplicate. In the event of a false negative result, the stain was retested near the target LoD in replicates of ten. All expected targets were detected by the iC-GPC Assay. Results of inclusivity testing are summarized in Table 5 below.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">TABLE 5: iC-GPC Inclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other IDs/Notes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targets Detected/Total Replicates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z318</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z0801689</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HER 1292</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700583</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z291</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14990</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z049</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z0801651</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RP62A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z257</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z258</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. epidermidis, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29887</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6538P</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z0801675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z057</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z153</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HM-466</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HM-467</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-10129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCH60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-10189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HFH-30364, USA400, PVL+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-10192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HFH-30106, non USA100-1100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-13524</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H342087</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-28983</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S0385</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-45872</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIP07930, USA600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-45880</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIM1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-45890</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BR 5, VISA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H2138 (isolate 10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P1V44, VISA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46072</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1078, USA700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46080</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AIS 2006061, USA1000, PVL+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46081</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIP12899, USA1100, PVL+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA-442, USA700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46070</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA300-0114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA-126, USA100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46172</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA-127, USA300, PVL+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA-347, USA600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA-409, USA200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46182</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA-513, USA800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46191</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CO-34, USA300, PVL+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46197</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CO-72, USA800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CT-110, USA100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CT-58, USA500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46215</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA-356</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA-656, USA800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GA-92, USA300, PVL+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46224</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY-315, USA600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OR-130, USA100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OR-131, USA200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46261</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TN-112, USA300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-46269</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TN-82, USA200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41875</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41876</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41877</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0055</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41878</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41879</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41880</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0197</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41881</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41882</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0288</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41883</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0334</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41887</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0663</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41889</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0934</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41890</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0943</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-41896</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M1565</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-10187</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HFH-29994, USA100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-13525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F338081</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-13526</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W342179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-13533</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S247312</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-13546</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SU-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-30544</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HI049, USA300, PVL+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-45924</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LinR #12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700698</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. aureus, mecA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hetero-resistant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BORSA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCW 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BORSA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCW 141</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate, serotype 19F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate, serotype 19F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z319</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate, serotype 12F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z278</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-255, R6 (non-virulent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PHE NCTC 11910, serotype 23F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PHE NCTC 11897, serotype 9V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33400, NCTC 7465, serotype 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z295</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49619, serotype 19F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z261</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z262</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z0801637</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33186</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49532</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z289</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19433</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6055</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis, vanB (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z0801693</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis, vanA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z324</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis, vanA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PHE NCTC 12201- vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis, vanA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z269</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PHE NCTC 12203- vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis, vanB (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51575</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z322</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8459</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z265</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9756</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z290</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19434</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19634</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium, vanA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z0801892</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium, vanB (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium, vanA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PHE NCTC 12202- vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium, vanA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z271</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PHE NCTC 12204- vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium, vanA (+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Exclusivity

Analytical specificity of the iC-GPC Assay was evaluated by testing a comprehensive panel of non-target microorganisms that may be encountered in positive blood cultures. Exclusivity panel members included organisms phylogenetically related to iC-GPC target organisms as well as common blood culture contaminants. A total of ninety-four (94) exclusivity organisms were tested. Potential cross-reactivity was evaluated by testing the exclusivity panel organisms at high concentrations in blood culture bottle/blood media. Exclusivity results are presented in Table 6 below; performance is based on the observation of all expected negative results. In the event of a false positive result, the organism was retested in replicates of three (3) or ten (10). One organism, Streptococcus bovis, demonstrated reproducible cross-reactivity with the iC-GPC target Enterococcus faecalis.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TABLE 6: iC-GPC Exclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exclusivity Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration (CFU/mL, oras designated, bottle ring orTCID5o/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exclusivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.09 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.55 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.70 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerococcus viridans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.05 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01 × 1010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.55 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus niger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.10 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.30 × 10 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.20 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.55 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.24× 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.00 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida catenulata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida dubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.05 × 10 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.82 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/61</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.15 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.65 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter amalonaticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.35 × 10 }$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.40 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter koseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.29 × 109}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter sedlakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.70 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (NAP-1 toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.44 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (non-toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.97 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium oedematiens (novyi)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.70 × 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collinsella aerofaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.95 × 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium amycolatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.79 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/6²2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium jeikeium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.19 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackie virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 × 106.34 (TCID50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 × 105.07 (TCID50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 × 107.77 (TCID50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.05 × 109$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eggerthella lenta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.50 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.72 × 109$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus avium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.85 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.60 × 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus cecorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus dispar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.10 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus gallinarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.20 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus hirae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.67× 10^8$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 × 10.10 (TCID50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27× 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia hermannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.09 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium varium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.25 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.27× 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kocuria kristinae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.45 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kytococcus schroeteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.85 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.30 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum subsp.plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.53 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/63³</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactococcus lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.57 × 10 }$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leminorella grimontii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22 × 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leuconostoc mesenteroides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.17× 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micrococcus luteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oerskovia enterophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33 × 1010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pediococcus pentosaceus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.82 × 109$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Planococcus citreus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.75 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.25 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus penneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.11 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.13 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.62 × 109}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/114</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48 × 109$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.14× 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas putida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.95 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rothia mucilaginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella spp (typhimurium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.45 × 10 9}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.05 × 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus delphini</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.12 × 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exclusivity Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration (CFU/mL, oras designated, bottle ring orTCID50/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exclusivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.87 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.55 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/6}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.05 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lutrae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus pettenkoferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.36 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus schleiferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.67 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus schleiferi subsp. coagulans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.67 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus warneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.48× 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.05 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.65 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/148</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.50 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.35 × 10 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bottle ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/1210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bottle ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bottle ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.20 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.85 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus uberis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.45 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

1) Candida krusei: $1 / 3$ false positive E. faecalis in initial testing, $3 / 3$ repeats negative.   
2) Corynebacterium amycolatum: $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive S. epidermidis in initial testing, $3 / 3$ repeats negative.   
3) Lactobacillus reuteri: $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive mecA in initial testing, $3 / 3$ repeats negative. Note that mecA would not be reported as the S. aureus and S. epidermidis targets were negative as expected.   
4) Providencia alcalifaciens: $1 / 3$ false positive S. aureus in initial testing, $8 / 8$ repeats negative.   
5) Staphylococcus intermedius: $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive mecA in initial testing, $3 / 3$ repeats negative. Note that mecA would not be reported as the S. aureus and S. epidermidis targets were negative as expected.   
6) Staphylococcus schleiferi subsp. coagulans: $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive mecA in initial testing, $3 / 3$ repeats negative. Note that mecA would not be reported as the S. aureus and S. epidermidis targets were negative as expected.   
7) Streptococcus agalactiae: $1 / 3$ false positive mecA in initial testing, $1 1 / 1 1$ repeats negative. Note that mecA would not be reported as the S. aureus and S. epidermidis targets were negative as expected.   
8) Streptococcus anginosus: $_ { 1 / 2 }$ false positive E. faecalis in initial testing, 12/12 repeats negative.   
9) Streptococcus bovis: $_ { 1 / 2 }$ false positive E. faecalis in initial testing, 10/12 false positive E. faecalis in repeat testing   
10) Streptococcus intermedius: $1 / 3$ false positive E. faecalis in initial testing, $9 / 9$ repeats negative

# Microbial Interference

Potential microbial interference was evaluated by testing high concentrations of 85 exclusivity organisms in combination with iC-GPC target organisms present near LoD concentrations. Microbial interference results are presented in Table 7 below; performance is based on all expected targets detected. In the event of a false negative result, the combination was repeated with the target organism near target LoD concentrations in replicates of 10. If additional false negative results were observed, testing was repeated with the target organism at bottle ring concentrations. Microbial interference was not observed for the majority of organism combinations. For those combinations with unexpected initial false negative results, additional replicate testing at the same concentration or at a higher “bottle ring” concentration generated $100 \%$ iC-GPC Assay target detection as expected.

TABLE 7: iC-GPC Microbial Interference Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GPC Microbial Intererence Resuits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>GPC Microbial Intererence Resuits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Exclusivity Organism</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Test Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Test Concentration for initial three replicates (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BottleRing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abiotrophia defective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aerococcus viridans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.53 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75× 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.65 × 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10 × 109$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/22²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12× 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida catenulate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.68 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53 × 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.75 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.15 × 106$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41× 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.83 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter amalonaticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64 × 109$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter sedlakii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.50 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile (NAP-1toxigenic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium diffcile (non-toxigenic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium oedematiens (novyi)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85 × 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collinsella aerofaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium amycolatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium jeikeium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edwardsiella tarda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.53 × 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.25 × 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36 × 109$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80 × 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus cecorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

TABLE 7: iC-GPC Microbial Interference Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>sPC Microbial Intererence Resuits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Exclusivity Organism</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Test Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Test Concentration for initial three replicates (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BottleRing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus gallinarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus hirae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.18 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.35 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia hermannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54 × 10$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium varium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.23 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.63 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13 × 10$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kocuria kristinae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.73 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kytococcus schroeteri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.25 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus plantarumsubsp.plantarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.63 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.18 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactococcus lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leminorella grimontii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.08 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leuconostoc mesenteroides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Micrococcus luteus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.63 × 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$11/12$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oerskovia enterophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.63 × 109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pediococcus pentosaceus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41 × 10$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.88 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.63 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/1310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/1211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus penneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.55 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/1312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.63 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.08 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia rettgeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.25 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.40 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/613</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas putida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rothia mucilaginosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp (typhimurium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.23 × 10$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus capitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/2314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus delphini</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/1315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.75 × 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/1226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.33 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.28 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53 × 10$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus lutrae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

TABLE 7: iC-GPC Microbial Interference Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Exclusivity Organism</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Test Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Test Concentration for initial three replicates (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BottleRing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 × 107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus pettenkoferi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.78 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/1317</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus schleiferi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus schleiferi subsp.coagulans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22 × 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus warneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/1318</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus bovis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.18 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.25 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle ring + 8 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.43 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13^20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus uberis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.73 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

1) 1 false negative vanB in initial testing (2/3), 10/10 repeats passed   
2) 2 false negative S. aureus and 1 false negative mecA in initial testing $( 1 / 3 )$ , 2 false negative S. aureus and 2 false negative mecA   
in repeat testing near LoD (8/10). No false negatives in repeat testing at bottle ring concentration (9/9).   
3) 1 false negative vanB in initial testing (2/3), 1 false negative vanB in repeat testing near LoD (9/10). No false negatives in repeat   
testing at bottle ring concentration (9/9).   
4) 1 false positive mecA in initial testing $( 2 / 3 ) , 3 / 3$ repeats passed. Note that mecA would not be reported as the S aureus and S.   
epidermidis targets were negative as expected.   
5) 1 false positive S. epidermidis in initial testing (2/3), 3/3 repeats passed   
6) 1 false positive S. aureus in initial testing (2/3), 3/3 repeats passed   
7) 1 false negative vanB in initial testing (2/3), 9/9 repeats passed   
8) 1 false negative S. aureus and 1 false negative mecA in initial testing (2/3), 10/10 repeats passed   
9) 1 false negative S. aureus and 1 false negative mecA in initial testing (2/3), 9/9 repeats passed   
10) 1 false negative S. aureus in initial testing (2/3), 10/10 repeats passed   
11) 1 false negative vanB in initial testing (2/3), 9/9 repeats passed   
12) 2 false negative mecA in initial testing (1/3), 10/10 repeats passed   
13) 1 false positive S. epidermidis in initial testing (2/3), 3/3 repeats passed   
14) 1 false negative mecA in initial testing (2/3), 1 false negative S. aureus and 1 false negative mecA in repeat testing near LoD   
(9/10). No false negatives in repeat testing at bottle ring concentration (9/9).   
15) 1 false negative S. aureus and 1 false negative mecA in initial testing (2/3), 10/10 repeats passed   
16) 1 false negative S. pneumoniae in initial testing (1/2), 10/10 repeats passed at bottle ring concentration.   
17) 1 false negative mecA in initial testing (2/3), 10/10 repeats passed   
18) 1 false negative E. faecium in initial testing (2/3), 10/10 repeats passed   
19) 1 false positive E. faecalis in initial testing (2/3), 3/3 repeats passed   
20) 1 false negative S. aureus in initial testing (2/3), 10/10 repeats passed

# Competitive Inhibition

iC-GPC Assay performance was evaluated with combinations of target analytes that may be found in mixed positive blood cultures. One target organism was tested at a concentration near LoD (“low organism”) in combination with a second target organism at a concentration of bottle ring $^ + \ 8$ hours (“high organism”). Combinations of five organisms representing each of the iC-GPC Assay targets were tested, for a total of 20 combinations. Competitive inhibition results are summarized in Table 8 below. Results represent the number of detected targets out of the total number of replicates tested. All high concentration iC-GPC targeted organisms were detected in all organism combinations. Due to competitive inhibition, low concentration organism targets were only detected in $3 / 2 0 \left( 1 5 \% \right)$ of organism combinations. Target organisms present near LoD concentrations may not be detected by the iC-GPC Assay when a second target organism is present in the blood culture specimen.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>TABLE 8: iC-GPC Competitive Inhibition Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Target Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Organism(~2-3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low ResistanceMarker(~2-3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Organism(Bottle ring+ 8 hours)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High ResistanceMarker (Bottlering + 8 hours)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>S. epidermidis(SE/mecA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM/vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>S. aureus(SA/mecA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM/vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>S. pneumoniae(SPN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM/vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>E. faecalis(EFLS/vanB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM/vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>E. faecium(EFCM/vanA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/60 (21.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/48 (52.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td></tr></table>

\*The source of the resistance marker cannot be distinguished between high concentration organism and low concentration organism. \*\*Results include all positive resistance marker detections, regardless of associated organism detection. In the absence of a positive Enterococcus detection, vanA would not be reported.

# Blood Culture Bottle Equivalency

Commonly used blood culture bottle (BCB) media types were evaluated to demonstrate that variability in BCB media composition does not interfere with iC-GPC Assay performance. Nineteen representative iC-GPC target organisms plus one non-target organism were tested in 10 BCB media types (see Table 9 below). Target organisms were tested near LoD concentrations (2-3x LoD). Target performance is based on all expected targets identified and no false positive targets detected. Non-target performance is based on expected negative results. Performance in all BACTEC™ and VersaTREK® bottle types and BacT/ALERT® SA Standard Aerobic media met acceptance criteria of $\geq 9 5 \%$ ; these bottles are validated for use with the iC-GPC Assay.

False positive Enterococcus faecium results were observed in 15/59 $( 2 5 . 4 \% )$ of BacT/ALERT® FA Aerobic FAN and 13/60 $( 2 1 . 7 \% )$ of BacT/ALERT® FA Plus Aerobic media. Testing in these bottle types was repeated at higher concentrations, approximately 5-10x LoD, with false positive E. faecium results observed in 8/59 $( 1 3 . 6 \% )$ and 5/60 $( 8 . 3 \% )$ of BacT/ALERT FA Aerobic FAN and BacT/ALERT FA Plus Aerobic media, respectively. Overall performance results are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>TABLE 9: iC-GPC Assay BCB Equivalency Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Culture Bottle Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallPerformance (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetPerformance (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FalseNegatives (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-TargetPerformance (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False Positives(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69/70 (98.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66/67 (98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/67 (1.5%)1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/70 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC™ Plus Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/72 (97.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67/69 (97.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/69 (1.4%)²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/72 (1.4%)3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC™ Standard Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62/63 (98.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60 (98.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/60 (1.7%)4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/63 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC™ StandardAnaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77/80 (96.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74/77 (96.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/77 (2.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/80 (1.3%)6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC™ Lytic/10Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/81 (96.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/78 (96.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/78 (2.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/81 (1.2%)8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VersaTREK® REDOX 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/57 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/57 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VersaTREK® REDOX 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/59 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/56 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/56 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/59 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BacT/ALERT® SA StandardAerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/57 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/57 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/60 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BacT/ALERT® FA AerobicFAN (2-3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/59 (74.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/56 (78.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/56 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/59 (25.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BacT/ALERT® FA AerobicFAN (5-10x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/59 (86.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/57 (89.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/57 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/2 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/59 (13.6%)10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BacT/ALERT® FA PluSAerobic (2-3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/60 (78.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/57 (80.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/57 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3 (33.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/60 (21.7%)11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BacT/ALERT® FA PluSAerobic (5-10x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/60 (91.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/57 (94.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/57 (0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3 (33.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/60 (8.3%)12</td></tr></table>

1) 1 false negative mecA   
2) 1 false negative S. epidermidis   
3) 1 false positive E. faecalis   
4) 1 false negative S. epidermidis   
5) 1 false negative S. epidermidis, 1 false negative vanA   
6) 1 false positive S. epidermidis   
7) 1 false negative S. epidermidis, 1 false negative S. pneumoniae   
8) 1 false positive E. faecalis/vanB   
9) 15 false positive E. faecium   
10) 8 false positive E. faecium   
11) 12 false positive E. faecium, 1 false positive S. aureus   
12) 5 false positive E. faecium

Further investigation suggests that the increased percentage of false positive E. faecium results observed in BacT/Alert® FA Aerobic FAN and BacT/Alert® FA Plus Aerobic media may be due to the presence of remnant nucleic acids and/or non-viable organisms in the culture media. FA Aerobic FAN media was further evaluated in clinical method comparison studies. In 96 clinical FA Aerobic FAN blood culture specimens tested, no false positive E. faecium results were observed, suggesting the risk of false positive results for E. faecium may be minimized when other organisms are present at bottle positivity concentrations in this bottle type.

Positive E. faecium results should be confirmed using alternative methods when using BacT/ALERT® FA Aerobi FAN or FA Plus Aerobic blood culture bottles.

The iC-GPC Assay is not recommended for use with BacT/ALERT® SN Standard Anaerobic, FN Anaerobic FAN, o FN Plus Anaerobic blood culture bottles.

# Interfering Substances

iC-GPC Assay performance was evaluated in the presence of potentially inhibiting substances encountered in blood and blood culture media. Five representative target organisms plus one gram positive, non-target organism (Group B Streptococcus) were evaluated. Target organisms were tested near LoD concentrations in combination with potential interferents at “worst-case” concentrations. Target performance is based on all expected targets detected, while non-target performance is based on all negative results. In the event of a false negative result, the organism/interferent was retested in replicates of ten. In the event of a false positive result or other system failure, the organism/interferent was retested in replicates of three. If the discordant result was not observed upon repeat testing, the compound was not considered an iC-GPC Assay interferent (Table 10). If the discordant result was observed upon repeat testing, the combination was retested at a decreased inhibitor concentration until interference was no longer observed (Table 11). Interference testing was performed in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottle media with a sodium polyanetholesulfonate (SPS) concentration of $0 . 0 5 \% \ \mathrm { w / v }$ . Additional SPS at concentrations greater than $0 . 0 3 \% \mathrm { w } / \mathrm { v }$ was found to interfere with iC-GPC Assay performance. Total protein (gamma-globulin and albumin) in concentrations greater than $3 8 / \mathrm { d L }$ was also found to interfere with iC-GPC Assay performance. Both interferents may result in false negative results or positive controls check failures.

1) 1 false positive E. faecalis, $3 / 3$ repeats passed   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>TABLE 10: Non-Interfering Substances Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Target Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group B Strep</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13^³3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human genomic DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 6 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piperacillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meropenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefepime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluconazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

2) 1 false negative S. pneumoniae, 10/10 repeats passed   
3) 1 false negative vanB, 10/10 repeats passed   
4) 1 false negative vanB, 10/10 repeats passed   
5) 1 false negative S. pneumoniae, 10/10 repeats passed   
6) 1 false negative mecA, 10/10 repeats passed   
7) 1 false negative S. pneumoniae, 9/9 repeats passed   
8) 1 false negative S. pneumoniae, 9/9 repeats passed   
9) 1 false negative vanB, 1 false positive S. epidermidis, 11/11 repeats passed

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>TABLE 11: Interfering Substances Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Target Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFLS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EFCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group B Strep</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein(γ-globulin + albumin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein(γ-globulin + albumin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6g/dL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13²{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6³}</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04% w/v*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

\*Concentration at which interference observed; concentration decreased for subsequent testing. 1) 1 false negative vanB, test not repeated 2) 1 false negative S. aureus/mecA, 10/10 repeats passed 3) 1 false positive mecA, $3 / 3$ repeats passed

# Carryover and Cross-Contamination

The iC-System is a closed system, designed to eliminate the potential for carryover or cross-contamination between samples. Testing was performed to confirm that no false positive results from carryover or crosscontamination will occur from a high positive sample into a negative sample. Two representative iC-GPC target organisms, Staphylococcus aureus ATCC BAA977 (nuc positive, mecA negative) and Enterococcus faecium ATCC 700221 (fcm positive, vanA positive), were tested as representative positive samples. A gram positive nontarget organism, Corynebacterium striatum, was used as the negative sample. All organisms were tested at high concentrations, eight hours beyond initial bottle positivity. Positive, target organism samples were tested in an alternating pattern with negative, non-target organism samples across eight blades of an iC-Processor. Performance was based on accurate iC-GPC Assay target detection. No false positives indicative of sample carryover or cross-contamination were observed.

# Method Comparison

A method comparison study was performed at four geographically dispersed clinical sites to evaluate the performance of the iC-GPC Assay for use on the iC-System. Sites tested 966 leftover, de-identified specimens from aerobic and anaerobic blood culture bottles flagged as positive by their respective continuous monitoring blood culture system. Three of the commonly used blood culture systems were included in the study: BD BACTEC, bioMérieux BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ , and Thermo Fisher VersaTREK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ . Positive blood cultures were confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram positive cocci prior to being entered into the study. Specimens demonstrating mixed Gram stain results were excluded from the study.

Performance of the iC-GPC Assay was compared to an FDA-cleared multiplex assay that detects gram positive organisms and associated resistance markers directly from positive blood culture specimens. PCR and bidirectional sequencing were also performed for all specimens with positive results for resistance markers by either the iC-GPC Assay or the FDA-cleared multiplex assay. These PCR and bi-directional sequencing results were used to analyze discordant results between the iC-GPC Assay and the FDA-cleared multiplex assay.

Additionally, performance of the iC-GPC Assay was compared to conventional reference methods including subculture, identification of isolates using biochemical methods or MALDI-TOF, and phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing (AST). PCR and bi-directional sequencing were not used for discordant analysis between iCGPC and conventional reference method results.

A total of 966 positive blood culture specimens, confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram positive cocci, were enrolled in the iC-GPC Assay Method Comparison Study. A total of 53 samples were withdrawn from the study (see below). Of the 913 samples included in the study after identified samples were withdrawn, 879 were fresh prospective samples and 34 were frozen prospective samples.

An additional 168 contrived samples were evaluated for low prevalence organisms and resistance markers. Contrived specimens were prepared by inoculating low concentrations of organisms into BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottles with human blood added and incubating the bottles on the blood culture system until bottle positivity. Multiple strains of S. pneumoniae, E. faecalis, and E. faecium were used to prepare contrived specimens.

# Performance vs. FDA-Cleared Multiplex Assay:

When performance of the iC-GPC Assay was compared to the FDA-cleared multiplex assay, there was no statistical difference in performance noted between the four study sites or between the three blood culture systems. The following blood culture bottle types were evaluated: BD BACTEC Standard Aerobic/Anaerobic, VersaTREK REDOX 1/2, BacT/ALERT SA Standard Aerobic, and BacT/ALERT FA Aerobic FAN.

Performance of the iC-GPC Assay in comparison to the FDA-cleared multiplex assay is provided in the tables below. Performance is stratified by prospectively tested fresh specimens, prospectively collected and retrospectively tested frozen specimens, and contrived specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: Staphylococcus aureus (nuc)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>proodsend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%249/257(94.0-98.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%620/622(98.8-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%9/9(70.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%25/25(86.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%258/266*(94.2-98.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%645/647**(98.9-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%168/168(97.8-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } { \cal O } \dag$ the 8 observed false negative S. aureus results by the iC-GPC Assay, $7 / 8$ were positive for S. aureus by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. ${ } ^ { * * } \mathrm { O f }$ the 2 observed false positive S. aureus results by the iC-GPC Assay, $_ { 1 / 2 }$ was positive for S. aureus by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. One sample was not available for discordant analysis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: Staphylococcus epidermidis(gseA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>poodd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%227/231(95.6-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%635/648(96.6-98.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%4/4(51.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%29/30(83.3-99.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%231/235*(95.7-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%664/678**(96.6-98.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%168/168(97.8-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } { \cal O } \dag$ the 4 observed false negative S. epidermidis results by the iC-GPC Assay, 3/4 were positive for S. epidermidis by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. ${ } ^ { * * } \mathrm { O f }$ the 14 observed false positive S. epidermidis results by the iC-GPC Assay, $9 / 1 4$ were positive for S. epidermidis by PCR/bi-directional sequencing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: Streptococcus pneumoniae (lytA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>proocsed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.6%*19/23(62.9-93.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%855/856(99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%4/4(51.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.2%23/27*(67.5-94.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%885/886**(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%36/36(90.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%132/132(97.2-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } { \cal O } \dag$ the 4 observed false negative S. pneumoniae results by the iC-GPC Assay, $0 / 4$ were positive for S. pneumoniae by PCR/bi-directional sequencing and $0 / 4$ culture isolates obtained from these specimens were positive for S. pneumoniae by MALDI ID.

${ } ^ { * * } \mathrm { O f }$ the 1 observed false positive S. pneumoniae result by the iC-GPC Assay, $1 / 1$ was positive for S. pneumoniae by PCR/bi-directional sequencing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: Enterococcus faecalis (ddl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>procsed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%56/58(88.3-99.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%820/821(99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%3/3(43.8-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%31/31(89.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%59/61*(88.8-99.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%851/852**(99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%90/90(95.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%78/78(95.3-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } { \cal O } \dag$ the 2 observed false negative E. faecalis results by the iC-GPC Assay, $_ { 1 / 2 }$ was positive for E. faecalis by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. ${ } ^ { * * } \mathrm { O f }$ the 1 observed false positive E. faecalis result by the iC-GPC Assay, $0 / 1$ was positive for E. faecalis by PCR/bi-directional sequencing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: Enterococcus faecium (fcm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>prodsnd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4%27/28(82.3-99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%849/851(99.1-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%33/33(89.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%28/29*(82.8-99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%882/884**(99.2-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%42/42(91.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%126/126(97.0-100)</td></tr></table>

\*Of the 1 observed false negative E. faecium result by the iC-GPC Assay, $_ { 1 / 1 }$ was positive for E. faecium by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. ${ } ^ { * * } \mathrm { O f }$ the 2 observed false positive E. faecium results by the iC-GPC Assay, $_ { 1 / 2 }$ were positive for E. faecium by PCR/bi-directional sequencing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: mecA (methicillin resistance)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>prodsend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%269/280(93.1-97.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%588/599(96.7-99.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%5/5(56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%29/29(88.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%274/285†*(93.2-97.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%617/628**(96.9-99.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%168/168(97.8-100)</td></tr></table>

† Of the 274 observed true positive mecA results by the iC-GPC Assay, 269/274 were positive for mecA by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. \*Of the 11 observed false negative mecA results by the iC-GPC Assay, $1 0 / 1 1$ were positive for mecA by PCR/bi-directional sequencing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: vanA (vancomycin resistance)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>predsod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%18/19(75.4-99.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%855/860(98.6-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%33/33(89.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%19/20†*(76.4-99.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%888/893**(98.7-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%40/40(91.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%128/128(97.1-100)</td></tr></table>

† Of the 19 observed true positive vanA results by the iC-GPC Assay, 19/19 were positive for vanA by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. $^ { * } { \cal O } \dag$ the 1 observed false negative vanA result by the iC-GPC Assay, $_ { 1 / 1 }$ was positive for vanA by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. ${ } ^ { * * } \mathrm { O f }$ the 5 observed false positive vanA results by the iC-GPC Assay, 2/5 were positive for vanA by PCR/bi-directional sequencing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: vanB (vancomycin resistance)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FDA-ClearedMultiplexAssay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>prood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%2/2(34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%876/877(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%34/34(89.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%2/2†(34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%910/911*(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%56/56(93.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%112/112(96.7-100)</td></tr></table>

† Of the 2 observed true positive vanB results by the iC-GPC Assay, 2/2 were positive for vanB by PCR/bi-directional sequencing. $^ { * } { \cal O } \dag$ the 1 observed false positive vanB result by the iC-GPC Assay, $0 / 1$ was positive for vanB by PCR/bi-directional sequencing.

The following tables provide the performance of prospective clinical samples in comparison to the FDA-cleared multiplex assay for mecA detection with S. aureus/S. epidermidis, vanA detection with E. faecalis/E. faecium, and vanB detection with E. faecalis/E. faecium.

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Detection of mecA with S. aureus: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Staphylococcus aureus/mecA</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">FDA-Cleared Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">SA+/mecA+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SA+/mecA-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SA-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">iCubateiC-GPC™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SA+/mecA+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SA+/mecA-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SA-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">645</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">653</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">647</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">913</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus/mecA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (SA+/mecA+)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">96.5% (111/115)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (SA+/mecA-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95.4% (144/151)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (SA-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">99.7% (645/647)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Detection of mecA with S. epidermidis: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Staphylococcusepidermidis/mecA</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">FDA-Cleared Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">SE+/mecA+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE+/mecA-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE+/mecA+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">171</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE+/mecA-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">664</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">668</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">678</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">913</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis/mecA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (SE+/mecA+)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95.9% (163/170)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (SE+/mecA-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95.4% (62/65)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (SE-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">97.9% (664/678)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Detection of vanA with E. faecalis: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Enterococcus faecalis/vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>FDA-Cleared Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Efs+/vanA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs+/vanA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs+/vanA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs+/vanA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>853</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Enterococcus faecalis/vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efs+/vanA+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efs+/vanA-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93.4% (57/61)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efs-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.9% (851/852)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Detection of vanB with E. faecalis: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Enterococcus faecalis/vanB</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">FDA-Cleared Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Efs+/vanB+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efs+/vanB-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efs-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">iCubateiC-GPC™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efs+/vanB+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efs+/vanB-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efs-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">851</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">853</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">852</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">913</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis/vanB</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (Efs+/vanB+)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0% (2/2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (Efs+/vanB-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">96.6% (57/59)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (Efs-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">99.9% (851/852)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Detection of vanA with E. faecium: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Enterococcus faecium/vanA</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">FDA-Cleared Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Efm+/vanA+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efm+/vanA-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efm-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">iCubateiC-GPCTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efm+/vanA+</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efm+/vanA-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Efm-</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">882</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">883</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">884</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">913</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium/vanA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (Efm+/vanA+)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95.0% (19/20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (Efm+/vanA-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">77.8% (7/9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Agreement (Efm-)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">99.8% (882/884)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Detection of vanB with E. faecium: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Enterococcus faecium/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>FDA-Cleared Comparator Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Efm+/vanB+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm+/vanB-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPCT™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm+/vanB+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm+/vanB-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>882</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>883</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Enterococcus faecium/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efm+/vanB+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efm+/vanB-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>96.6% (28/29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efm-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.8% (882/884)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr></table>

The following tables provide the performance of contrived samples for vanA/vanB detection with E. faecalis and E. faecium.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Detection of vanA with E. faecalis: Contrived</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>vanA/E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>vanA/E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Detection of vanA with E. faecium: Contrived</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">vanA/E. faecium</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">vanA/E. faecium</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Positive % Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Negative % Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Detection of vanB with E. faecalis: Contrived</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">vanB/E. faecalis</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">vanB/E. faecalis</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Positive % Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Negative % Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Detection of vanB with E. faecium:Contrived</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>vanB/E. faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>vanB/E. faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Performance vs. Traditional Culture and Susceptibility:

Performance of the iC-GPC Assay was compared to traditional laboratory reference methods: culture followed by testing blood culture isolates with conventional biochemicals/MALDI-TOF and AST testing (cefoxitin disc for mecA and vancomycin Etest for vanA/vanB).

Performance of the iC-GPC Assay in comparison to traditional laboratory reference methods is provided in the tables below. Performance is stratified by prospectively tested fresh specimens and prospectively collected, retrospectively tested frozen specimens.

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">iC-GPC Assay Performance: Staphylococcus aureus (nuc)</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">iC-GPC Assay Performance: Staphylococcus epidermidis(gseA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N=</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceMethod</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N=</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceMethod</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Culture &amp;Biochemicals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Culture &amp;Biochemicals</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">preedsond</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">849</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.8%250/261(92.6-97.6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8%587/588(99.0-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">preedsn</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">849</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9%213/222(92.5-97.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.5%605/627(94.7-97.7)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%9/9(70.1-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%23/23(85.7-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%3/3(43.8-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.6%28/29(82.8-99.4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">881</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9%259/270(92.9-97.7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8%610/611(99.1-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">881</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.0%216/225(92.6-97.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.5%633/656(94.8-97.7)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">iC-GPC Assay Performance: Streptococcus pneumoniae (lytA)</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">iC-GPC Assay Performance: Enterococcus faecalis (ddl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N=</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceMethod</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N=</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceMethod</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Culture &amp;Biochemicals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Culture &amp;Biochemicals</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">preedsond</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">856</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%18/18(82.4-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9%837/838(99.3-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">proedsed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">858</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.6%57/59(88.5-99.1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9%798/799(99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%3/3(43.8-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7%29/30(83.3-99.4)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%3/3(43.8-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%30/30(88.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">889</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%21/21(84.5-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8%866/868(99.2-99.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">891</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.8%60/62(89.0-99.1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9%828/829(99.3-100)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>iC-GPC Assay Performance: Enterococcus faecium (fcm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: mecA (methicillin resistance)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;Biochemicals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture,Biochemicals&amp; CefoxitinDisc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>preeed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>858</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4%27/28(82.3-99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%827/830(98.9-99.9)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>proeed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>848</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%252/280(85.9-93.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%551/568(95.3-98.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%32/32(89.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%5/5(56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%27/27(87.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>891</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%28/29(82.8-99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%859/862(99.0-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2%257/285(86.2-93.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%578/595(95.5-98.2)</td></tr></table>

\* Of the 28 observed false negative mecA results by the iC-GPC Assay, 14/28 were positive for mecA by multiple FDA-cleared multiplex assays. Repeat AST testing also confirmed samples to be cefoxitin sensitive. See note below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>iC-GPC Assay Performance: vanA/B (vancomycin resistance)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture,Biochemicals&amp;VancomycinEtest</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>prodsen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>855</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%21/24(69.0-95.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%829/831(99.1-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%32/32(89.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0%*22/25(70.0-95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%861/863(99.2-99.9)</td></tr></table>

\*Of the 3 observed false negative results by the iC-GPC Assay, 1/3 was positive for vanA/vanB by the FDA-cleared multiplex assay.

The following tables provide the performance of prospective clinical samples in comparison to traditional laboratory reference methods for mecA detection with S. aureus and S. epidermidis and vanA/vanB detection with E. faecalis and E. faecium.

NOTE: Of the 21 observed false negative mecA results by the iC-GPC Assay for specimens identified to contain methicillin-resistant S. aureus by conventional identification methods and cefoxitin disc testing, 16 were also mecA negative by the FDA-cleared multiplex assay used for method comparison testing. To further investigate, isolates from 14 of the specimens identified at a single site were tested with an alternate real-time PCR assay that detects mecA and mecC. This assay confirmed the isolates to be negative for both mecA and mecC. Cefoxitin disc testing was also repeated on the 14 sample isolates. All isolates were found to be susceptible to cefoxitin with a zone size of $2 2 \mathsf { m m }$ . These tests confirm the iC-GPC result of mecA negative for 14 of the 21 discrepant results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Detection of mecA with S. aureus: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Staphylococcus aureus/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Culture, Biochemicals &amp; Cefoxitin Disc Testing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SA+/mecA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA+/mecA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA+/mecA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA+/mecA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>880</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Staphylococcus aureus/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (SA+/mecA+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>84.3%* (113/134)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (SA+/mecA-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.8% (128/135)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (SA-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.8% (610/611)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

\*See note above

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Detection of mecA with S. epidermidis: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Staphylococcusepidermidis/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Culture, Biochemicals &amp; Cefoxitin Disc Testing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SE+/mecA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE+/mecA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPC™</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE+/mecA+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE+/mecA-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>632</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>641</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>880</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Staphylococcus epidermidis/mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (SE+/mecA+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.4% (144/151)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (SE+/mecA-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>81.2% (60/74)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (SE-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>96.5% (632/655)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Detection of vanA/vanB with E. faecalis: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>E. faecalis/vanA/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Culture, Biochemicals &amp; Vancomycin AST</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Efs+/van+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs+/van-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs+/van+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs+/van-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efs-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>828</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>830</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>829</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>888</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>E. faecalis/vanA/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efs+/van+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>33.3% (1/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efs+/van-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.6% (53/56)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efs-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.9% (828/829)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Detection of vanA/vanB with E. faecium: Prospective</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>E. faecalis/vanA/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Culture, Biochemicals &amp; Vancomycin AST</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Efm+/van+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm+/van-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>iCubateiC-GPC™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm+/van+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm+/van-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>857</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>859</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>888</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>E. faecium/vanA/vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efm+/van+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.2% (20/21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efm+/van-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>87.5% (7/8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (Efm-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.7% (856/859)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr></table>

# Mixed Culture Results:

In total, there were seven (7) mixed culture specimens that were detected by the iC-GPC Assay, the FDAcleared multiplex assay, or both. The tables below lists the mixed target combinations detected by iCGPC and the comparator assay in the clinical study. There was one (1) discrepant mixed sample for which iC-GPC detected a target that was not detected by the comparator assay. There was one (1) discrepant mixed sample for which the comparator assay detected targets that were not detected by iCGPC. Due to competitive inhibition, target organisms present near LoD concentrations may not be detected by the iC-GPC Assay when a second target organism is present at higher concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Multiple Detections by iC-GPC</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Tottretspee</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gesdeatrerfess</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Discrepant Results(Targets Not Detected byFDA-Cleared MultiplexAssay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Multiple Detections by FDA-Cleared Multiplex Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lorte efspeee</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gedearhteertess</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Discrepant Results(Targets Not Detected byiC-GPC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus,mecA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

Of the six (6) mixed culture specimens detected by the iC-GPC Assay, there were two (2) discrepant samples for which iC-GPC detected a target that was not detected by culture, biochemicals, and AST testing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Multiple Detections by iC-GPC</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Tottetespe</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GsdeatTrerrtess</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Discrepant Results(Targets Not Detected byCulture/AST)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium, vanA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanB (E-Test Intermediate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

There were fifty-six (56) mixed culture specimens detected by culture and biochemicals, including organisms not detected by the iC-GPC Assay. The table below lists the mixed target combinations detected by traditional reference methods. There were twelve (12) discrepant samples for which the reference methods detected targets that were not detected by iC-GPC (false negatives). There were nine (9) discrepant samples for which iC-GPC detected targets were not detected by the reference methods (false positives). Of these, two (2) were positive mecA results associated with an iC-GPC target organism where reference testing associated the mecA with a non-target organism.

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Multiple Detections by Culture, Biochemicals &amp; AST</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. w/DiscrepantTargets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discrepant Target</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA,Enterococcus faecalis,Staphylococcus epidermidis*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium, vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas rhizophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas fulva</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidemidis (,mecA (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mecA*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mecA*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus warneri, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus species, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerococcus viridans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus circulans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Disc: Strep. mitis/oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unidentified Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus, mecA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus simulans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerococcus viridans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis (**,Enterococcus faecalis*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lentus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerococcus viridans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Disc: Streptococcus mitis/oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus warneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lentus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Disc: Strep. mitis/oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus cohnii sspurealyticus, mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stapc ni ss,mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gordonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr></table>

\*false positive result

# Expected Values:

913 prospectively collected fresh and frozen blood culture specimens were obtained from four geographically dispersed clinical sites. The number and percentage of positive cases (positivity rate) determined by the iC-GPC Assay stratified by U.S. state for each of the organisms and resistance markers detected by the assay are presented below. Overall, the iC-GPC Assay detected at least one organism in $6 6 . 9 \%$ (611/913) prospectively collected specimens and at least one resistance marker in $3 3 . 4 \%$ (305/913) prospectively collected specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U.S. State</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>S. aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>S. epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>S. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>E. faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resistance Marker</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>mecA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POSITIVE n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

# Error Rates and Sample Withdrawals:

Throughout the course of the study, an initial error rate of $7 . 6 \%$ (83/1098) was observed. Errors included positive controls check failures, array registration errors, and processor or other system errors. When a failed control or system error was observed, the sample was retested on the iC-GPC Assay. Upon repeat testing, the error rate was reduced to $1 . 6 \%$ (17/1098). Samples generating reproducible iCGPC errors were withdrawn from the study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>No-Calls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Internal Positive Control Failure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Instrument Errors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Non-Reportable Rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial#fail/#totalPercent (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final#fail/#totalPercent (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial#fail/#totalPercent (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final#fail/#totalPercent (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial#fail/#totalPercent (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final#fail/#totalPercent (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65/1098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/1098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/1098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83/1098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/1098</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[4.7-7.5%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[0.9-2.4%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1.0-2.6%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[0.0-0.5%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[6.1-9.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1.0-2.5%]</td></tr></table>

The total specimens excluded from the iC-GPC Assay Method Comparison Study $\left( \mathsf { n } { = } 5 3 \right)$ are listed by site and reason for exclusion in the following table. The most common reasons for exclusion included repeat iC-GPC error, repeat comparator assay error, or specimens demonstrating mixed Gram stain results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Withdrawn Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reason for Withdrawal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mixed GramStain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RepeatiC-GPC Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RepeatComparatorAssay Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NoComparatorAssay ID/Other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr></table>

Additional specimens were excluded when iC-GPC Assay performance was compared to conventional reference methods for the following reasons: no culture identification, indeterminate culture identification, or non-specific AST results (i.e., intermediate susceptibility).