GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated   
Alan Maderazo, Ph.D., RAC   
Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs   
5964 La Place Court   
Carlsbad, CA 92008

Re: K163636 Trade/Device Name: ePlex® Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OEM, OEP, OOU, OTG, OZE, OZX, OZY, OQW, NSU Dated: May 3, 2017 Received: May 5, 2017

Dear Dr. Maderazo:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Tamara V. Feldblyum -S for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K163636

ePlex® Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ePlex® Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel is a multiplexed nucleic acid in vitro diagnostic test intended for use on the ePlex® Instrument for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection.

The following virus types, subtypes, and bacteria are identified using the ePlex RP Panel: adenovirus, coronavirus, human metapneumovirus, human rhinovirus/enterovirus, influenza A, influenza A H1, influenza A H1-2009, influenza A H3, influenza B, parainfluenza virus 1, parainfluenza virus 2, parainfluenza virus 3, parainfluenza virus 4, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) A, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) B, Chlamydia pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.

The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and/or symptoms of respiratory tract infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection when used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or lower respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms; the organism(s) detected by the ePlex RP Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the genetic similarity between human rhinovirus and enterovirus, the ePlex RP Panel cannot reliably differentiate them. If differentiation is required, an ePlex RP Panel positive human rhinovirus/enterovirus result should be followed-up using an alternative method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis).

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established when influenza A H1-2009 and A H3 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting influenza A may vary if other influenza A strains are circulating or a novel influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL- $^ { . 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

# Submitter Information

Submitter: GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated 5964 La Place Court Carlsbad, CA 92008   
Manufacturer: GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated 5964 La Place Court Carlsbad, CA 92008   
Establishment Registration Number: 3008632402   
Contact: Alan Maderazo, Ph.D., RAC Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs   
Phone: 760-448-4308   
Fax: 760-683-6961   
E-mail: Al.Maderazo@genmarkdx.com   
Alternate Contact: Joseph McMullen Consultant, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 760-410-5052   
Fax: 760-683-6961   
E-mail: Joseph.McMullen@genmarkdx.com   
Date Prepared: December 21, 2016

# Name of Device and Classification

Product Name: ePlex® Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel Device Classification: 866.3980, Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay, Class II Product Code(s): OCC, OEM, OOU, OEP, OTG, OQW, OZE, OZY, OZX, NSU

# Predicate Device

Predicate:

FilmArray Respiratory Panel; BioFire Diagnostics; K160068

# Device Description

The ePlex RP Panel is an automated qualitative nucleic acid multiplex in vitro diagnostic test for simultaneous detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS). The test is able to detect 15 respiratory viral targets and 2 bacterial targets as summarized in the table below. This test is performed on the ePlex Instrument.

Targets Detected by the ePlex RP Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification (Genome Type)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus (A-F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus (DNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus(229E, HKU1, NL63, OC43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus (RNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramyxovirus (RNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Picornavirus (RNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Orthomyxovirus (RNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Paramyxovirus (RNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Paramyxovirus (RNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterium (DNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterium (DNA)</td></tr></table>

The ePlex Instrument automates all aspects of nucleic acid testing including extraction, amplification, and detection, combining electrowetting and GenMark’s eSensor® technology in a single-use cartridge. eSensor technology is based on the principles of competitive DNA hybridization and electrochemical detection, which is highly specific and is not based on fluorescent or optical detection.

Electrowetting, or digital microfluidics, uses electrical fields to directly manipulate discrete droplets on the surface of a hydrophobically coated printed circuit board (PCB). Sample and reagents are moved in a programmable fashion in the ePlex cartridge to complete all portions of the sample processing from nucleic acid extraction to detection.

A sample is loaded onto the ePlex cartridge and nucleic acids are extracted and purified from the specimen via magnetic solid phase extraction. For RNA targets, a reverse transcription step is performed to generate complementary DNA from the RNA, followed by PCR to amplify the targets. Exonuclease digestion creates single-stranded DNA in preparation for eSensor detection.

The target DNA is mixed with ferrocene-labeled signal probes that are complementary to the specific targets on the panel. Target DNA hybridizes to its complementary signal probe and capture probes, which are bound to gold-plated electrodes. The presence of each target is determined by voltammetry which generates specific electrical signals from the ferrocenelabeled signal probe.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use

The ePlex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel is a multiplexed nucleic acid in vitro diagnostic test intended for use on the ePlex Instrument for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection.

The following virus types, subtypes, and bacteria are identified using the ePlex RP Panel: adenovirus, coronavirus, human metapneumovirus, human rhinovirus/enterovirus, influenza A, influenza A H1, influenza A H1-2009, influenza A H3, influenza B, parainfluenza virus 1, parainfluenza virus 2, parainfluenza virus 3, parainfluenza virus 4, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) A, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) B, Chlamydia pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.

The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and/or symptoms of respiratory tract infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection when used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological

information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or lower respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the organism(s) detected by the ePlex RP Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the genetic similarity between human rhinovirus and enterovirus, the ePlex RP Panel cannot reliably differentiate them. If differentiation is required, an ePlex RP Panel positive human rhinovirus/enterovirus result should be followed-up using an alternative method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis).

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established when influenza A H1-2009 and A H3 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting influenza A may vary if other influenza A strains are circulating or a novel influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL- $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Summary of Technological Characteristics of the Device Compared to the Predicate Device

The GenMark ePlex Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel (“Proposed Device”) and the legally marketed device, FilmArray Respiratory Panel (“Predicate Device”) are described below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ePlex Respiratory Pathogen (RP) Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Respiratory Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenMark Diagnostics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980Respiratory viral panel multiplexnucleic acid assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.3980Respiratory viral panel multiplexnucleic acid assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, OEM, OOU, OEP, OTG, OZE,OQW, OZY, OZX, NSU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, OEM, OOU, OEP, OTG,OQW, OOI, OZZ, OZY, OZX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AInfluenza A subtype H1Influenza A subtype H3Influenza A subtype H1-2009Influenza BRespiratory Syncytial Virus A and BParainfluenza Virus 1, 2, 3, 4Human MetapneumovirusAdenovirusHuman Rhinovirus/EnterovirusCoronavirusChlamydia pneumoniaeMycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AInfluenza A subtype H1Influenza A subtype H3Influenza A subtype H1-2009Influenza BRespiratory Syncytial VirusParainfluenza Virus 1, 2, 3, 4Human MetapneumovirusAdenovirusHuman Rhinovirus/EnterovirusCoronavirus HKU1, NL63, 229E,OC43Bordetella pertussisChlamydia pneumoniaeMycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA/DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA/DNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid amplification test(NAAT)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid amplificationtest (NAAT)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) in VTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) inVTM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents contained within cartridge toallow: sample lysis and nucleic acidextraction, RT-PCR amplification, andhybridization-based electrochemicaldetection reagents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nested multiplex RT-PCR followedby high resolution melting analysis toconfirm identity of amplifiedproduct.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ePlex Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test interpretation and reportgeneration. User cannot access raw data.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test interpretation andreport generation. User cannotaccess raw data.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processing is automated in theePlex RP cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processing is automated inthe FilmArray RP pouch.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eight internal controls are used todemonstrate that sample extraction,amplification and detection processesfunctioned as intended.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two controls are included in eachreagent pouch to control for sampleprocessing and both stages of PCRand melt analysis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Complexity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge (which contains reagents) isstored at refrigerated (2-8°C)temperature.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents are stored at roomtemperature.</td></tr></table>

Analysis of the similarities and differences indicate that the devices are substantially equivalent in their intended uses/indications for use, and are generally the same regarding user process, ease of use and general operator protocol. Comparison of technological similarities and differences between the proposed device and the predicate do not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness, and therefore render the proposed device as substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# Expected Values

A prospective, multicenter clinical study was conducted to evaluate the clinical performance of the ePlex RP Panel in nasopharyngeal swab samples. 2462 nasopharyngeal swab samples were prospectively-collected at 8 collection sites in 2 phases from patients of all ages and genders presenting with signs and/or symptoms of respiratory infection. In the first phase from March 2013 through August 2014, 1951 samples were prospectively-collected and frozen; from September 2016 through October 2016, 511 samples were prospectively-collected and tested fresh (never frozen). The expected values of individual analytes based on ePlex RP Panel results in prospective samples for each phase are summarized in Tables 1-4.

Table 1: Expected Value (As Determined by ePlex RP Panel) Summary y Age Group in the Prospective Clinical Evaluation (Phase 1: March 2013 – August 2014)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Ages(N=1951)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age 0-1(N=315)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;1-5(N=250)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;5-21(N=246)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;21-65(N=745)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;65(N=395)n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 (3.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 (9.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (9.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (2.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (0.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102 (5.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (6.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (7.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (6.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 (4.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (4.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113 (5.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (7.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (11.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 (4.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 (6.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanRhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388 (19.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113 (35.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94 (37.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 (23.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87 (11.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (9.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 (5.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (1.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (7.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (8.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 (6.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (4.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 (3.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (5.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (5.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 (5.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (2.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 (1.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (2.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62 (3.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (3.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (3.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (3.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (0.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ParainfluenzaVirus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 (5.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 (9.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (8.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (3.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (4.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ParainfluenzaVirus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (1.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83 (4.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 (10.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (7.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (2.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Expected Value (As Determined by ePlex RP Panel) Summary roup in the Prospective Clinical Evaluation (Phase 2: September 2016 – October 2016)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Ages(N=511)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age 0-1(N=73)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;1-5(N=75)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;5-21(N=75)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;21-65(N=181)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &gt;65(N=107)n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (5.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (2.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanRhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188 (36.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 (50.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 (53.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 (44.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 (32.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (18.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (2.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(5.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (4.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(1.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (2.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(5.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (2.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(6.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (4.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (1.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(5.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(0.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (2.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Expected Value (As Determined by ePlex RP Panel) Summary By Sample Collection Site in the Prospective Clinical Evaluation (Phase 1: March 2013 – August 2014)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites(N=1951)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1(N=165)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2(N=248)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3(N=350)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4(N=892)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5(N=296)n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 (3.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (3.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (8.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (2.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (3.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102 (5.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (4.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 (9.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 (3.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (7.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113 (5.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (6.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (9.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (7.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 (3.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (7.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388 (19.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (16.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 (13.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 (17.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185 (20.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82 (27.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 (5.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (3.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 (8.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (13.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (2.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (5.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 (3.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (8.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 (8.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (5.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 (1.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (5.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62 (3.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (5.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (3.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (2.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (2.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (5.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (1.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (5.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (0.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (1.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 (5.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (7.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (8.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 (4.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (4.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (1.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (2.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83 (4.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (3.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (6.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (6.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (1.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (7.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (0.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.3)</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Expected Value (As Determined by ePlex RP Panel) Summary By Sample Collection Site in the Prospective Clinical Evaluation (Phase 2: September 2016 – October 2016)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites(N=511)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5(N=49)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 6(N=101)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 7(N=161)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 8(N=200)n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (3.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188 (36.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (49.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 (48.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62 (38.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 (26.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (2.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(4.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (1.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (1.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (7.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (1.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (4.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (2.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (3.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.5)</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

# Clinical performance

# Comparator Method

The performance of the ePlex RP Panel was compared to an FDA-cleared multiplexed molecular respiratory pathogen panel and analytically validated PCR tests with bi-directional sequencing for confirmation of RSV subtypes.. Details of the comparator method are described in Table 5.

Table 5: Comparator Methods Used to Assess ePlex RP Panel Clinical Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>FDA-cleared multiplexed molecular respiratory pathogenpanel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FDA-cleared multiplexed molecular respiratory pathogenpanel followed by a PCR test with bi-directional sequencingconfirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FDA-cleared multiplexed molecular respiratory pathogenpanel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr></table>

# Prospective Clinical Samples

Clinical performance was evaluated in clinical nasopharyngeal swab samples in VTM prospectively-collected at 8 clinical sites in 2 phases. From March 2013 through August 2014, 2218 samples were prospectively-collected and frozen; from September 2016 through October

2016, 514 samples were prospectively-collected and tested fresh (never frozen). A total of 2732 samples were collected across the 2 phases. Prior to the start of investigational testing, 263 samples were withdrawn (251 had sample handling deviations, 9 were tested outside of protocol timelines, 2 had insufficient volume, and 1 had incomplete documentation). Of the 2469 prospectively-collected samples eligible for testing, 2462 were evaluable. Samples with final, valid results and a valid comparator result were considered evaluable. Seven prospectivelycollected samples were not evaluable because they did not have final, valid ePlex RP Panel results and were excluded from performance evaluations. Demographic information for prospectively-collected samples is described in Table 6. Subjects enrolled in this study were from a diverse demographic distribution and represent the intended patient population.

Table 6: Subject Demographic Data for Prospectively-Collected Samples by Collection Site $\scriptstyle ( \mathbf { N } = 2 4 6 2 )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All SitesN=2462n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1N=165n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2N=248n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3N=350n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4N=892n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5N=345n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 6N=101n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 7N=161n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 8N=200n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Sex</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1247 (50.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (58.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118 (47.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186 (53.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 (50.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188 (54.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 (42.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84 (52.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82 (41.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1215 (49.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 (41.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130 (52.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164 (46.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>442 (49.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157 (45.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 (57.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77 (47.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118 (59.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Age (years)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388 (15.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (10.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 (8.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74 (21.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164 (18.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 (13.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (27.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (1.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (18.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325 (13.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (7.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (8.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62 (17.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64 (7.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (29.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 (38.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (9.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (5.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;5-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321 (13.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (9.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (10.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82 (9.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116 (33.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 (33.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (11.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (6.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21-65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>926 (37.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87 (52.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131 (52.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 (28.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>385 (43.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 (15.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92 (57.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78 (39.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502 (20.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 (20.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 (27.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78 (22.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197 (22.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 (8.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 (19.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64 (32.0)</td></tr></table>

# Prospective Clinical Performance

Positive percent agreement (PPA) was calculated by dividing the number of true positive (TP) results by the sum of TP and false negative (FN) results, while negative percent agreement (NPA) was calculated by dividing the number of true negative (TN) results by the sum of TN and false positive (FP) results. A TP result was one where the detected ePlex RP Panel result matched the detected comparator method result, while a TN result was one where a negative ePlex RP Panel result matched a negative comparator method result. The two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval was also calculated.

A total of 2462 prospectively-collected samples (511 tested fresh and 1951 tested after previously frozen) were evaluated for 17 ePlex RP Panel organisms. PPA and NPA results are summarized by target in Tables 7 and 8 below.

Table 7: Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) in the ePlex RP Panel Clinical Study (Fresh)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> PPA (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/8a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 (40.9-92.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>499/503a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2 (98.0-99.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (64.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503/504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511/511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176/183b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2 (92.3-98.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316/328b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3 (93.7-97.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511/511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511/511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511/511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511/511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>509/510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510/510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3 (66.7-98.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497/498</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506/506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503/508c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0 (97.7-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9 (56.5-98.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501/501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0 (59.6-98.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500/500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511/511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507/508d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (98.9-100)</td></tr></table>

a Adenovirus was not detected in 2 of 2 FN samples and detected in 4 of 4 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. b Human rhinovirus/enterovirus was not detected in 1 of 7 FN samples and detected in 9 of 12 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. c Parainfluenza virus 4 was detected in 3 of $5 \mathrm { F P }$ samples using PCR/sequencing. $^ { \mathrm { d } } M .$ . pneumoniae was detected in the 1 FP sample using PCR/sequencing.

Table 8: Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) in the ePlex RP Panel Clinical Study (After Previously Frozen)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/53a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6 (79.7-95.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1874/1898a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 (98.1-99.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/110b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.9 (72.6-87.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1828/1841b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3 (98.8-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/113c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7 (88.9-97.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1832/1838c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (99.3-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>317/336d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3 (91.3-96.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1544/1615d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6 (94.5-96.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106/111f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5 (89.9-98.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1836/1840f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (99.4-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1951/1951</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6 (92.4-99.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1874/1880g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (99.3-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/37h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9 (78.7-97.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1914/1914</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/65i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.2 (79.4-94.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1882/1886</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (99.5-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8 (79.8-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1926/1927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (70.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1941/1942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94/104j</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4 (83.2-94.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1842/1847i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (99.4-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1944/1946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.1 (71.1-94.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1917/1918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81/86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2 (87.1-97.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1861/1863k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0 (11.8-76.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1945/19461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/5m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0 (37.6-96.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1945/1946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.7-100)</td></tr></table>

a Adenovirus was not detected in 1 of 5 FN samples and detected in 9 of 24 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. b Coronavirus was not detected in 2 of 21 FN samples and detected in 3 of 13 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. c Human Metapneumovirus was not detected in 1 of 6 FN samples and detected in 4 of 6 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. d Human rhinovirus/enterovirus was not detected in 6 of 19 FN samples and detected in 33 of 71 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. e Influenza A comparator results contain 71 samples with A H1-2009, 37 samples with A H3, and 3 samples with no subtype detected. f Influenza A was not detected in 1 of 3 FN samples (2 samples were not tested by PCR/sequencing) and detected in 1 of 4 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. g Influenza A H1-2009 was detected in 4 of 6 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. h Influenza A H3 was not detected in 1 of 3 FN samples using PCR/sequencing. i Influenza B was not detected in 3 of 7 FN samples and detected in 2 of 4 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. j Parainfluenza virus 3 was not detected in 3 of 10 FN samples and detected in 4 of 5 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. k RSV B was detected in 1 of 2 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. $^ { 1 } c .$ pneumoniae was not detected in 1 of 3 FN samples and detected in the 1 FP sample using PCR/sequencing. $^ { \mathfrak { m } } M .$ . pneumoniae was not detected in the 1 FN sample using PCR/sequencing.

# Retrospective Clinical Samples

To supplement the number of positives for targets that were not sufficiently represented in the prospective collection, additional nasopharyngeal swab in VTM samples were retrospectively collected from 6 sites. A total of 535 nasopharyngeal swab samples that had previously tested positive for one or more of the target organisms during standard-of-care (SOC) testing were collected and stored frozen. Prior to the start of investigational testing, 11 samples were withdrawn due to noncompliance with the study protocol, and 52 samples were withdrawn because the organisms present had sufficient representation in other samples. In addition, the composition and integrity of the retrospective samples were confirmed with the same comparator method employed in the prospective clinical study (i.e., an FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel). As the result of this confirmation testing using the comparator method, 26 additional samples were withdrawn because the original SOC testing positive results for the intended organisms were not confirmed when tested with the comparator method. Of the remaining 446 retrospectively-collected samples eligible for testing, all 446 were evaluable. Demographic information for retrospectively-collected samples is described in Table 9. Subjects enrolled in this study were from a diverse demographic distribution and represent the intended patient population.

Table 9: Subject Demographic Data for Retrospectively-Collected Samples by Collection Site $\scriptstyle ( \mathbf { N } = 4 4 6 )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All SitesN=446n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1N=1n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2N=1n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3N=129n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4N=18n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5N=131n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 6N=166n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Sex</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232 (52.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 (58.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (61.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 (51.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 (45.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214 (48.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 (41.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (38.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 (48.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 (54.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Age (years)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122 (27.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (18.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (27.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56 (42.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 (22.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;1-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107 (24.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 (39.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (16.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (12.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (21.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;5-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 (13.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (7.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (11.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (14.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 (17.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21-65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99 (22.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (8.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (44.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 (23.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (28.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 (13.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34 (26.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (6.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (9.6)</td></tr></table>

# Retrospective Clinical Performance

A total of 446 retrospectively-collected samples were evaluated for 17 ePlex RP Panel organisms. The following specimens with the original positive SOC results for the unintended organisms that were not confirmed by the comparator method were excluded from the performance calculation for the respective organism: 1 coronavirus positive specimen, 3 human rhinovirus/enterovirus positive specimens, 1 influenza A positive specimen, 1 influenza A H3 positive specimen, 1 parainfluenza virus positive specimen. In addition, 5 unintended RSV positive specimens by the comparator method were not confirmed by PCR/sequencing with regard to determining RSV subtypes and therefore were excluded from the performance calculations for RSV A and RSV B. PPA and NPA results are summarized by target in Table 10 below.

Table 10: Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) of the ePlex RP Panel With Comparator Methods (Retrospective Collection)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Positive % Agreement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Negative % Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TP/TP+FN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TN/TN+FP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55/56a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2 (90.6-99.7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">386/390a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.0 (97.4-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121/138b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.7 (81.2-92.2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">307/307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4 (35.9-91.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">439/439</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37/41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.2 (77.5-96.1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">384/402</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.5 (93.0-97.1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza Ac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/82d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.5 (83.4-95.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363/363</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">---</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">446/446</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27/31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.1 (71.1-94.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">415/415</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.2 (76.6-94.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">394/394</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (20.7-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">445/445</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43/488</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89.6 (77.8-95.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">396/397</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7 (98.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46/51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.2 (79.0-95.7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">395/395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (34.2-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">444/444</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0 (69.9-97.2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">426/426</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.6 (76.6-97.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">414/414</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21/22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.5 (78.2-99.2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">419/419</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (20.7-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">445/445</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (64.6-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">439/439</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (99.1-100)</td></tr></table>

a Adenovirus was not detected in the 1 FN sample and detected in 2 of 4 FP samples using PCR/sequencing. b Coronavirus was not detected in 2 of $1 6 \mathrm { F N }$ samples using PCR/sequencing (1 sample was not tested by PCR/sequencing). c Influenza A comparator results contain 31 samples with A H1-2009 and 51 samples with A H3 detected. d Influenza A was not detected in 3 of 7 FN samples using PCR/sequencing. e Influenza A H1-2009 was not detected in 2 of 4 FN samples using PCR/sequencing. f Influenza A H3 was not detected in 1 of 6 FN samples using PCR/sequencing. g Parainfluenza virus 1 was not detected in 2 of 5 FN samples using PCR/sequencing.

# Contrived Sample Performance

There were 327 contrived samples created and tested to supplement the low prevalence targets on the RP Panel; 104 contained one or more low prevalence organisms and 223 were negative for the contrived organisms. All 327 contrived samples were tested with the ePlex RP Panel and 326 were evaluable. PPA and NPA results are summarized for these low prevalence organisms in Table 11 below.

Table 11: Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) of the ePlex RP Panel With Comparator Method (Contrived Samples)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274/274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (98.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275/275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (98.6-100)</td></tr></table>

# Co-Detections in Prospective Clinical Samples

The ePlex RP Panel identified a total of 135 prospective samples with multiple organisms detected, or $5 . 5 \%$ of all prospectively-collected samples. Of these, 118 $( 4 . 8 \% )$ had two organisms, 14 $( 0 . 6 \% )$ had three organisms, and 3 $( 0 . 1 \% )$ had four organisms detected. Of the 135 co-detected samples, 58 included 1 or more organisms that had not been detected by the comparator method(s). Results are summarized in Tables 12 and 13.

Table 12: Distinct Co-Detection Combinations Detected by the   

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">ePlex RP Panel in the Prospective Clinical Samples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Distinct Co-Detection Combinations Detected bythe ePlex RP Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total NumberOf Co-detections(% of samples)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofDiscrepantCo-detections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DiscrepantOrganism(s) a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A (unk)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1), Flu A (unk)(1), Flu B (1),HRV/EV(1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu AH3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1), Flu B (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA09H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1), FluA09H1(1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA09H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA09H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 3 (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (0.12%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA(1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 (0.73%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (6), HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mpneum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 1 (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1), PIV 4 (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADV (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPneum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA09H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (0.16%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 (0.49%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV (1), HRV/EV (4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (0.12%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (0.12%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A (unk)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A (unk) (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu AH3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu AH3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (0.16%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA09H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA09H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.08%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 (0.20%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (0.12%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 (0.28%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (1), PIV 2 (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 (0.45%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (0.16%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 4(4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Distinct Co-Detection Combinations Detected bythe ePlex RP Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total NumberOf Co-detections(% of samples)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofDiscrepantCo-detections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DiscrepantOrganism(s) a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 (0.20%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 (0.45%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 4(1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.04%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Total Number of Co-Detections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135 (5.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64/290b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Total Number with 2 Organisms Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118 (4.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49/236</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Total Number with 3 Organisms Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 (0.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Total Number with 4 Organisms Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (0.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/12</td></tr></table>

Note: ADV $\sqsupseteq$ adenovirus, $\mathbf { C o V } \mathrm { = }$ coronavirus, HMPV $\sqsubset$ human metapneumovirus, ${ \mathrm { H R V / E V } } =$ human rhinovirus/enterovirus, Flu= Influenza, (unk) $\vDash$ unknown subtype, $\mathrm { P I V } =$ parainfluenza, $\mathrm { R S V } { = }$ respiratory syncytial virus, Cpneum ${ } = C .$ . pneumoniae, Mpneum $\mathsf { \Omega } = M .$ . pneumoniae a A discrepant organism is defined as one that was detected by the ePlex RP Panel but not by the comparator method(s). $^ { \mathrm { ~ b ~ } } 6 4 / 6 4$ discrepant organisms were investigated using PCR/sequencing; the discrepant organism was detected in 20/64 cases: -In 8/18 samples, adenovirus was detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 1/4 samples, coronavirus was detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 7/25 samples, human rhinovirus/enterovirus was detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 1/1 sample, influenza A H1-2009 was detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 1/1 sample, parainfluenza virus 3 was detected by PCR/sequencing. - $\cdot \ln { 2 / 6 }$ samples, parainfluenza virus 4 was detected by PCR/sequencing.

Table 13: Additional Co-Detection Combinations Detected by the Comparator Method in the Prospective Clinical Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Distinct Co-Detection Combinations Detectedby the Comparator Method</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total NumberOf Co-detections(% of samples)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofDiscrepantCo-detections</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantOrganism(s) a,b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADV (1), CoV (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.16%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADV (4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV (1), PIV 3 (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADV (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CPneum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CPneum (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CPneum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CPneum (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA09H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.08%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV (2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (0.24%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV (4), HRV/EV (2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0.12%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV (2), RSV B (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu AH3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu AH3 (1), PIV 3 (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu AH3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3 (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA09H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HMPV (1), HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.08%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV (2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.04%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV 3 (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.08%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A (2)</td></tr></table>

a A discrepant organism is defined as one that was detected by the comparator method(s) but not by the ePlex RP Panel. $^ \mathrm { ~ b ~ } 3 6 / 3 6$ discrepant organisms were investigated using PCR/sequencing; the discrepant organism was not detected in 10/36 cases: -In $2 / 6$ samples, adenovirus was not detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 1/2 samples, Chlamydia pneumoniae was not detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 1/11 samples, coronavirus was not detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 5/8 samples, human rhinovirus/enterovirus was not detected by PCR/sequencing. -In 1/1 sample, influenza A H3 was not detected by PCR/sequencing.

# Clinical Study ePlex Instrument Performance

A total of 3281 samples (including prospective, retrospective, and contrived samples) were initially tested in the clinical evaluations and $3 1 2 7 / 3 2 8 1 = 9 5 . 3 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 4 . 5 \% 9 6 . 0 \%$ ) generated valid results on the first attempt. After re-test, 8 samples had invalid results; final validity rate was $3 2 7 3 / 3 2 8 1 = 9 9 . 8 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 9 . 5 \% . 9 9 . 9 \%$ ).

# Selected Analytical Studies

# Limit of Detection

The limit of detection (LoD), or analytical sensitivity was identified and verified for each viral and bacterial target on the ePlex RP Panel using quantified reference strains/isolates. Serial dilutions were prepared in a natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab in VTM samples) with one or more organisms per series, and at least 20 replicates per target were tested in the study. The limit of detection was defined as the lowest concentration at which each target is detected at least $9 5 \%$ of the time. The confirmed LoD for each ePlex RP Panel organism is shown in Table 14.

Table 14: LoD Results Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1 (C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10³ TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4 (E)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 7 (B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HKU1a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 104 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 102 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A1 IA3-2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2 IA14-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 10³ TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B1 Peru2-2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 102 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B2 Peru1-2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 102 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 68 (2007)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus B14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus C a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1 Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1 Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY/01/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2 Brisbane/10/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Florida/02/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Influenza B (Victoria Lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Montana/5/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Influenza B (Yamagata Lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/02/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 102 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/06/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 100TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 101 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2006 Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CH93(18)-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AR-39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 102 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FH strain of Eaton Agent [NCTC 10119]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 102 CCU/mL</td></tr></table>

a Clinical samples confirmed positive for coronavirus HKU1 and human rhinovirus C by bi-directional sequencing and quantified by real-time RT-PCR were used for determination of LoD.

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

A panel of 101 strains/isolates representing the genetic, temporal, and geographic diversity of each target on the ePlex RP Panel was evaluated to demonstrate analytical reactivity. Each strain/isolate was tested in triplicate at 3x LoD in natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab in VTM samples); if the organism was not detected at this concentration, testing of higher concentrations was performed. Additional in silico analysis was also performed on a subset of ePlex RP Panel organisms.

All of the 101 strains/isolates tested for inclusivity were detected by the ePlex RP Panel. Results of analytical reactivity are shown in Tables 15-25.

Table 15: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Adenovirus   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple of LoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">De Wit Type 14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ch.79 Type 16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100xa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compton Type 34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Holden Type 35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wan Type 50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10xb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 10³ TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 40 Dugan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 41/ Strain Tak</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr></table>

a In silico analysis revealed good homology to primers and probes. Lower sensitivity is likely the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ value is based only on infectious virus particles). b In silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes.

Table 16: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Human Metapneumovirus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetapneumovirusSubtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peru6-2003 G, B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.75 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

Table 17: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=14 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type A7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type A16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type A18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type A34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type A57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type A77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type B3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x^a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type B17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type B42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type B83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type B84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FO2-2547</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

Table 18: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Influenza A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Poliovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xa</td></tr></table>

a In silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes. b In silico analysis revealed good homology to primers and probes. Lower sensitivity is likely the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ value is based only on infectious virus particles).

Note: Due to different assays for influenza A matrix and influenza A subtypes on the ePlex RP Panel, if different LoDs are observed for inclusivity for a Flu A matrix vs. a subtype, the differences are noted in the Multiple of LoD Detected column.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ASubtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoD Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/FM/1/47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x (Influenza A matrix)a10000x H1 subtypeb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xH1 subtype not detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/NWS/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x (Influenza A matrix)aH1 subtype not detectedd</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/PR/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x (Influenza A matrix)H1 subtype not detected®</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Solomon Islands/3/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30xf</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>1.5 x 10{2TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Nanchang/933/95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Victoria/3/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Wisconsin/67/05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Influenza A2009 H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mexico/4108/09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/NY/02/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xh</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Swine NY/03/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Swine/Iowa/15/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x (Influenza A matrix)100,000x (H1-2009 subtype)i</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Virginia/ATCC1/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xj</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Virginia/ATCC2/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xj</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Virginia/ATCC3/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000xj</td></tr></table>

a In silico analysis revealed good homology to primers and probes. Lower sensitivity is likely the result of incorrect estimation of genetic materia present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ value is based only on infectious virus particles). b In silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes.

c H1-2009 subtype was detected in this seasonal influenza A H1 strain at $3 0 \mathrm { x }$ LoD.

d In silico analysis revealed little homology between this non-contemporary strain sequence and the H1 signal probe/capture probe sequences. e In silico analysis revealed little homology between this non-contemporary influenza strain sequence and the H1 primer sequences. f For Influenza A matrix, in silico analysis revealed good homology to primers and probes. Lower sensitivity is likely the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ value is based only on infectious virus particles). For H1 subtype, in silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes. g For Influenza A matrix, in silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes. For H1 subtype, in silico analysis revealed good homology to primers and probes. Lower sensitivity is likely the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ value is based only on infectious virus particles). h For Influenza A matrix, in silico analysis revealed good homology to primers and probes. Lower sensitivity is likely the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ value is based only on infectious virus particles). For H1-2009 subtype, in silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes. i In silico analysis revealed little homology between the strain sequence and the H1 or H1-2009 primer, signal probe and capture probe sequences. j No sequence data was available to investigate lower sensitivity of the influenza A 2009 H1N1 A/Virginia/ATCC1/2009, A/Virginia/ATCC2/2009 and A/Virginia/ATTC3/2009 strains.

Table 19: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Influenza A Strains Titered with Methods Different From the Reference Strain   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Denver/1/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 102 CEID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)1.6 x 108 CEID50/mL (H1 subtype)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mal/302/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 x 102 CEID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)1.58 x 105 CEID50/mL (H1 subtype)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Aichi/2/68 H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 x 103 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alice (vaccine) A/England/42/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 100 EID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)5 x 101 EID50/mL (H3 subtype)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRC-2 Recombinant Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.89 x 102 CEID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)8.89 x 103³ CEID50/mL (H3 subtype)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Washington/24/2012 (A/H1 pdm09)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16 x 103 EID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)3.16 x 10² EID50/mL (H1-2009 subtype)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kilbourne F63: A/NWS/34 (HA) xA/Rockefeller Institute/5/57 (NA),Reassortant NWS-F- Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.89 x 101 CEID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)No subtype detecteda</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H5N8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Gyrfalcon/Washington/41088-6/2014 BPL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58 x 103 EID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)No subtype detectedb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H5N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/NorthernPintail/Washington/40964/2014 BPL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51 x 103 EID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)No subtype detectedb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H7N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/ANHUI/1/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.94 x 103 EID50/mL (Influenza A matrix)No subtype detectedc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Indiana/21/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51 x 104 EID50/mL (Influenza A matrix and H3subtype)</td></tr></table>

a In silico analysis revealed little homology between this non-contemporary strain sequence and the H1 Signal Probe/Capture Probe sequences. b Detection of the H5 Subtype not expected c Detection of the H7 Subtype not expected NOTE: $\mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } =$ Chick Embryo Infectious Dose; $\mathrm { E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } =$ Egg Infectious Dose

# Supplemental Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) for Influenza A

For human, avian, and swine influenza strains not available for testing on the ePlex RP Panel, in silico analysis was performed. Bioinformatics analysis was used to predict a result based on the number and location of mismatches in the primers, capture probes, and signal probes found in the ePlex RP Panel relative to an alignment of GenBank sequences.

Table 20: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Influenza A   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Host</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenBank ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicted ePlexReult</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">H2N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Albany/20/1957(H2N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY022014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kilbourne F38: A/Korea/426/68 (HA, NA) xA/Puerto Rico/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY037296</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/New York/13828-3/1995(H2N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY014822</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Japan/305/1957(H2N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY014977</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Korea/426/1968(H2N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY031596</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H4N6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Blue-winged teal/Minnesota/Sg-00043/2007(H4N6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY063978</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="20">H5N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Peregrine falcon/Aomori/7/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AB629716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/West Bengal/239022/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY061305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/West Bengal/193936/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU272009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Hunan/1/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HM172150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Hunan/8/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU182162</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/West Bengal/106181/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU083632</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Primorsky/85/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FJ654298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/West Bengal/82613/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU083648</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/France/080036/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY046185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Vietnam/G12/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AB593450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Thailand/PC-340/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EU620664</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Great egret/Hong Kong/807/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY036240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Rook/Rostov-on-Don/26/2007(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EU814504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Turkey/VA/505477-18/2007(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU186510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Bangladesh/1151-10/2010(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HQ156766</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Bangladesh/3233/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY088772</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Cambodia/R0405050/2007(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HQ200572</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Cambodia/S1211394/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HQ200597</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/486/97(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AF255368</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/East Java/UT6010/2007(H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HM440124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">H5N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Pennsylvania/10218/1984(H5N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AB286120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/American black duck/Illinois/08OS2688/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY079453</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/American green-wingedteal/California/HKWF609/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY033447</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Canada goose/New York/475813-2/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ923358</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Host</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenBank ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicted ePlexResult</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Blue-winged teal/Saskatchewan/22542/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY047705</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Taiwan/A703-1/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AB507267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/France/080032/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY046177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/New York/481172/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ117202</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Gadwall/Altai/1202/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY049759</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mallard/Louisiana/476670-4/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ923390</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Waterfowl/Colorado/476466-2/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ923374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H5N3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Singapore/F119/3/1997(H5N3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU052803</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H6N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/PA/486/1969(H6N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EU743287</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H6N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mallard/Czech Republic/15902-17K/2009(H6N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HQ244433</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">H7N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Hebei/1/2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AY724263</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/PA/149092-1/02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AY241609</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/NJ/294508-12/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EU743254</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/New York/23165-6/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY031077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Muscovy duck/New York/23165-13/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY033226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Muscovy duck/New York/87493-3/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY034791</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mallard/Netherlands/29/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY043833</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Northern shoveler/California/JN1447/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY076873</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/107/2003(H7N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EU587373</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H7N3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Canada/rv504/2004(H7N3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY015007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">H7N7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/American green-wingedteal/Mississippi/090S046/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY079309</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Germany/R28/03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AJ619676</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Netherlands/1/03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AY340091</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mallard/California/HKWF1971/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY033383</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mallard/Korea/GH171/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FJ959087</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mute swan/Hungary/5973/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ240816</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Northern shoveler/Mississippi/ 09OS643/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY079413</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Netherlands/219/03(H7N7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AY340089</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">H7N9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Shanghai/1/2013(H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EPI439493</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Northernshoveler/Mississippi/110S145/2011(H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY133650</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Ruddy turnstone/DelawareBay/220/1995(H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY127254</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Turkey/Minnesota/1/1988(H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY014787</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Blue-winged teal/Ohio/566/2006(H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY024819</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">H9N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/1073/99(H9N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AJ278647</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Turkey/Wisconsin/1/1966(H9N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY014664</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H10N7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Germany/N/1949(H10N7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ176135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H11N9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Memphis/546/1974(H11N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ257441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/Wisconsin/1/1971(H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY022414</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/UR06-0393/2007(H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY026540</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY026539</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">H1N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/New York/297/2003(H1N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY002664</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY002665</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">H1N1(2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Aalborg/INS133/2009(H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY063606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H1-2009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY063607</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/South Carolina/02/2010(H1N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KC781370</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H1-2009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KC781372</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">H1N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Swine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/Hong Kong/NS857/2001(H1N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ229350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/Sweden/1021/2009(H1N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GQ495135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Blue-winged teal/ALB/452/1983(H3N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY004635</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="28">H3N2v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="21">Human</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Iowa/07/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ070760</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ290177</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Iowa/08/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ070768</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ290167</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Iowa/09/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ070776</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ290183</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Indiana/08/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ070800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ070795</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Maine/06/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN866181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN866186</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Maine/07/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN992746</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Pennsylvania/09/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN655534</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Pennsylvania/11/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN655540</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Pennsylvania/10/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN655550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/West Virginia/06/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ290159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ290164</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/West Virginia/07/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ348839</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Indiana/10/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KJ942592</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JQ070787</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Boston/38/2008(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY044580</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY044581</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Swine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/NY/A01104005/2011(H3N2v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN940422</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Maine/06/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN866181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN866186</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Indiana/08/2011(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN655558</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JN638733</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Avian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/American black duck/North Carolina/675-075/2004(H3N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU051135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU051136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">H3N5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Mallard/Netherlands/2/1999(H3N5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY060261</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY060264</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/American black duck/New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY047696</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brunswick/25182/2007(H3N6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY047697</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">H3N7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/Northernshoveler/California/HKWF1367/2007(H3N7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY033372</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CY033375</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">H3N8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">A/American blackduck/Washington/699/1978(H3N8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU052300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza A H3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GU052299</td></tr></table>

Table 21: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Influenza B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Influenza B(Yamagata Lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Allen/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Maryland/1/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza B(Victoria Lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B(Lineage unknown)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/GL/1739/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

a No sequence data available. Lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes. In addition, the reduced sensitivity may be the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ value is based only on infectious virus particles). $^ { \mathrm { b } } I n$ silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes.

Table 22: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Parainfluenza Virus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Greer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

a In silico analysis revealed that lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes.

Table 23: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Respiratory Syncytial Virus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial VirusA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Long</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial VirusB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WV/14617/85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

Table 24: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Chlamydia pneumoniae   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CWL-029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 102 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TWAR strain 2043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 102 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

Table 25: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Mycoplasma pneumoniae   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoDDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Bru]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 102 cCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M129-B170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 102 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M129-B7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 102 cCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[M52]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 10CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Mac]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 x 102CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mutant 22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 104CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PI 1428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 104CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100xb</td></tr></table>

a No sequence data available. Lower sensitivity may be a result of mismatches in the assay primers and/or probes. In addition, the reduced sensitivity may be the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { C C U / m l }$ value is based only on live bacteria). $^ { \mathrm { b } } I n$ silico analysis revealed good homology to primers and probes. The reduced sensitivity is likely the result of incorrect estimation of genetic material present in the culture of this or the reference strain $\mathrm { C C U / m l }$ value is based only on live bacteria).

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-Reactivity and Exclusivity)

Cross-reactivity of each viral and bacterial target on the ePlex RP Panel was evaluated at high concentrations $\mathrm { ( 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ or $> 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for viruses, $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ or $\mathrm { C C U / m L }$ for bacterial isolates, or $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies/mL for in vitro transcripts) of quantified strains/isolates diluted in viral transport media. In vitro transcript for coronavirus HKU1 was diluted in PBS. Table 26 summarizes the results of the on-panel viral and bacterial strains/isolates tested. No cross-reactivity was observed between any of the on-panel viruses or bacteria.

Table 26: Cross-reactivity with ePlex RP Panel Target Organisms   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-ReactivityResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HKU1 in vitro transcript</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 68 2007 isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human rhinovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/01/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3N2va</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/21/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.51 x 105 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H5N2b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Northern PintailWashington/40964/14BPL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.51 x 105 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H5N8c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Gyrfalcon/Washington/410886/2014 BPL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58 x 105 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H7N9d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/ANHUI/1/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.94 x 105 EID5/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2006 Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CH93(18)-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AR-39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FH strain of Eaton Agent[NCTC 10119]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr></table>

a Influenza A H3N2v detected as Influenza A, Influenza A H3 b Influenza A H5N2 detected as Influenza A c Influenza A H5N8 detected as Influenza A d Influenza A H7N9 detected as Influenza A

Cross-reactivity of viruses, bacteria, and fungi that are not targets on the ePlex RP Panel was evaluated at high concentrations $\mathrm { 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ or copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ for viruses, $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacterial and yeast isolates, or $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies/mL for plasmid DNA or genomic RNA) by diluting quantified strains/isolates in viral transport media. Plasmid for bocavirus and genomic RNA for MERS coronavirus (MERS-CoV) were diluted in PBS. Table 27 summarizes the results of the strains tested. No cross-reactivity was observed between any of the off-panel viruses, bacteria or fungi with the ePlex RP Panel targets.

Table 27: Cross-reactivity with Organisms Not Detected by the ePlex RP Panel (Exclusivity)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-ReactivityResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumanii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® 19606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18323 [NCTC 10739]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15311</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25416</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10231</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS Coronavirus (MERS-CoV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMC/2012a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AD 169</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain B95-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human bocavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bocavirus plasmidb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 314</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philadelphia-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningiditis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sicca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29193</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonas gingivalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33277</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33420</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15442</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13880</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NRS384</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25923</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis(MRSE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35983</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis(MSSE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49134</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35666</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15914</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49619</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12384</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13419</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella Zoster Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not observed</td></tr></table>

a Extracted genomic RNA b Plasmid does not contain full length viral genome.

# Reproducibility

A multisite reproducibility study of the ePlex RP Panel was performed to evaluate agreement with expected results across major sources of variability, such as site-to-site, lot‐to‐lot, day‐to‐ day, and operator-to‐operator. Testing occurred at 3 sites (2 external, 1 internal) on one ePlex instrument per site with either 3 or 4 towers. Two operators performed testing at each site on 6 days (5 nonconsecutive days) with 3 unique lots of RP Panel cartridges. A reproducibility panel consisting of 3 panel members with 6 organisms (representing 7 RP Panel targets) at 3 concentrations (moderate positive- 3x LoD, low positive- 1x LoD, and negative) was tested in triplicate. The 6 organisms tested included adenovirus, coronavirus, human metapneumovirus, influenza A H3, parainfluenza virus 1, and RSV A; organisms were diluted in natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab samples). Negative samples consisted of natural clinical matrix only. Each simulated sample was divided into aliquots and stored frozen $( - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ prior to testing. Each operator tested 9 samples (3 member reproducibility panel in triplicate) each day; each panel member was tested 108 times (3 replicates x 3 sites x 2 operators x 3 lots x 2 days of testing/operator/lot) for a maximum of 324 tests. After completion of initial and repeat testing for invalid results, 1 low positive sample tested at Site 3 had an invalid result and was excluded from these analyses.

Percent agreement $9 5 \%$ CI) with expected results was $100 \%$ for all 7 targets for the moderate positive and negative panel, and $100 \%$ for 6 of 7 low positive panel targets (coronavirus, human metapneumovirus, influenza A, influenza A H3, parainfluenza 1, and RSV A); percent agreement was $9 1 . 6 \%$ for adenovirus. Summary results for the 7 ePlex RP Panel targets that correspond to the 6 organisms in the reproducibility panel are provided in Tables 28-34. Summary results for the 10 ePlex RP Panel targets that did not have organisms included in the reproducibility panel are provided in Table 35.

Table 28: Percent Agreement for Adenovirus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AdenovirusConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3x LoD6 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1x LoD2 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(81.9-98.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(64.1-90.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84.8-95.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr></table>

CI=Confidence Interval

Table 29: Percent Agreement for Coronavirus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CoronavirusConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3x LoD1.5 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1x LoD5 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 30: Percent Agreement for Human Metapneumovirus (hMPV)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>hMPVConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3x LoD6.75 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1x LoD2.25 x 102TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 31: Percent Agreement for Influenza A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza AConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3x LoD1.5 x 102 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1x LoD5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 32: Percent Agreement for Influenza A H3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza A H3Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3x LoD1.5 x 102TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1x LoD5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 33: Percent Agreement for Parainfluenza Virus (PIV) 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PIV 1Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3x LoD1.2 x 10TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1x LoD4 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 34: Percent Agreement for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RSV AConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3x LoD4.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1x LoD1.5 x 10TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.6-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 35: Negative Percent Agreement for Targets With Organisms Not Included in the Reproducibility Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Site</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Agreement with Expected Negative Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreed / N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(92.1-99.0)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(97.3-99.7)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A H1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(94.9-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">322/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.3-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Respiratory Syncytial Virus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107/108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(94.9-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106/107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(94.9-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">321/323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(97.8-99.8)</td></tr></table>

# Samples with Co-Detected Organisms

Detection of more than one clinically relevant viral and/or bacterial organism in a sample was evaluated with the ePlex RP Panel using a natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab samples) spiked with two RP Panel organisms: one organism at a low concentration (1-3x LoD) and the second organism at a high concentration $( 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ . Table 36 contains the results of co-detection testing which demonstrated the ability of the ePlex RP Panel to detect 2 organisms in a sample at both high and low concentrations as indicated in the table.

Table 36: Detection of Co-detections   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Titer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Titer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple of LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 101 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 103TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 101TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSVB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x 10-1TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 10-1TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10^}$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 103TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10-1TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10^}$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanMetapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10}$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 100 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10}$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanMetapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25 x 102TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10}$TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 100TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr></table>

# Sample Matrix Equivalency

All analytical studies that utilized viral and bacterial cultures close to LoD were performed by spiking the viral and bacterial cultures into a pool of natural negative NPS in VTM as sample matrix. For analytical studies that used viral and bacterial cultures at a concentration which was at least $1 0 \mathrm { x }$ LoD or higher, the viral and bacterial cultures were spiked into MicroTes $\mathbf { \cdot T M } \mathbf { M } \mathbf { \bar { S } } ^ { \textregistered }$ transport media from Remel instead of negative pooled NPS for ease of use. A sample matrix equivalency study was performed to demonstrate equivalency of natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab in VTM samples) with viral transport media for targets spiked at a concentration of approximately 10x LoD. Quantified, representative viral and bacterial strains were diluted in a natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab in VTM samples) and in viral transport media. All samples were tested in duplicate. There was no difference observed in detection of targets in natural clinical matrix vs. viral transport media.

# Interfering Substances

Substances commonly found in respiratory samples, substances that could be introduced during specimen collection, or medications commonly used to treat congestion, allergies, or asthma symptoms that could potentially interfere with the ePlex RP Panel were individually evaluated. To simulate clinical samples, quantified representative viral and bacterial strains were diluted to 1x LoD in a natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab specimens) and tested in triplicate for negative and positive interference. Natural clinical matrix (pooled, negative nasopharyngeal swab samples) with no organisms added was used as a control. All substances and organisms tested for interference were shown to be compatible with the ePlex RP Panel. No potentially interfering substances were found to inhibit the ePlex RP Panel at the concentrations tested in Table 37.

Table 37: List of Substances for Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Sample Matrixa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Becton Dickinson UVT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Mediuma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan eSwab (Liquid Amies media)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Viral Transport Mediuma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroTest M4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroTest M4-RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroTest M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroTest M6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flocked Swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Minitip in UVT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Regular Tip in UVT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Blood (human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human gDNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/rxn</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat lozenges, oral anestheticand analgesic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine, menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified mucin protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Nasal sprays or drops</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine HCl (Neo-Synephrine®)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline HCl (Afrin®)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibacterial, systemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasal ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beclomethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunisolide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Budesonide (Rhinocort®)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone (Nasacort®)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone (Flonase®)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ZICAM® Allergy Relief Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luffa opperculata</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfur</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galphimia glauca</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histaminum hydrochloricum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Anti-viral drugs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oseltamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenza</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitides</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diptheriae</td></tr></table>

a Testing of media was done by adding a negative NPS collected in the specified media and diluting in the natural clinical matrix. b At concentrations greater than $1 \%$ weight/volume in the sample, tobramycin was found to inhibit assay performance.

# Carryover and Cross-contamination

The carryover/cross-contamination rate of the ePlex RP Panel and ePlex instrument was tested in a checkerboard approach by running high positive and negative samples interspersed in all bays of a four-tower ePlex instrument (24 bays total) over 5 separate runs on 5 separate days. Quantified parainfluenza virus 3 was prepared in viral transport media at a high concentration (1 $\mathrm { \Delta x \ 1 0 ^ { 5 } T C I D _ { 5 0 } / m L }$ , 20,000x LoD) to simulate a clinically relevant high positive and was tested as a representative target organism. Transport media was used to represent negative samples. On each round of testing, 24 ePlex RP Panel cartridges were evaluated. $100 \%$ of parainfluenza 3- positive samples generated a result of Detected and $100 \%$ of parainfluenza 3-negative samples generated a parainfluenza 3 result of No Target Detected, indicating no carryover or crosscontamination was observed between bays or within bays with the ePlex RP Panel when testing consecutively or in adjacent bays.