# March 14, 2017

Maine Molecular Quality Controls, Inc. Joan Gordon   
23 Mill Brook Road   
Saco, ME 04072

Re: K163522 Trade/Device Name: FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3920 Regulation Name: Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays Regulatory Class: Class II (Special Controls) Product Code: PMN Dated: December 13, 2016 Received: December 15, 2016

Dear Ms. Gordon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name FimlArray Warrior Control Panel M290

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510 (k) Summary

# 510(k) Number: K163522

Purpose for submission: New product

# Applicant Information:

Applicant: Maine Molecular Quality Controls, Inc. Address: 23 Mill Brook Road Saco, Maine 04072

Contact Person: Joan Gordon, President MMQCI Phone: 207-885-1072 extension 201 Fax: 207-885-1079 Email Address: jgordon@mmqci.com

Preparation Date: December 12, 2016

# Device

Device Trade Name: Device Common Name: Device Type:

FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290, model M290   
Quality Control Material for Microbiology Assays   
Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology   
assays   
Class II (Special controls)   
21 CFR 866.3920   
Microbiology - 83   
PMN Class:   
Regulation:   
Panel:   
Product code:

# Predicate Device

K161573; FilmArray RP EZ Control Panel M265, Maine Molecular Quality Controls, Inc.

# Device Description

FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290, P/N M290, is a quality control panel consisting of 2 controls, FilmArray Warrior Positive Control, P/N M291 and FilmArray Warrior Negative Control, P/N M292. The Positive Control contains non-infectious surrogate control material; a solution of synthetic DNA in buffers, stabilizers and preservatives. The DNA carries segments of all biothreat agents detected by the FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel assay (Table 1. below) on FilmArray 2.0 systems. The Negative Control is comprised of non-specific DNA in buffers, stabilizers and preservatives. Each liquid control of FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 is processed separately according to FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel assay manufacturer’s Instructions for Use for Blood Samples.

Table 1. Biothreat pathogens detected by FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus anthracis: Chromosomal element, pXO1, pXO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxiella burnetii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Francisella tularensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia pestis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ebola Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marburg Virus</td></tr></table>

# Device Intended Use

FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 is intended for use as an external positive and negative assayed quality control to monitor the performance of in vitro laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of Bacillus anthracis (Chromosomal element, $\mathsf { p X O 1 }$ , pXO2), Coxiella burnetii, Francisella tularensis, Yersinia pestis, Ebola virus and Marburg virus on the FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel performed on FilmArray 2.0 systems. FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 is composed of synthetic DNA specifically designed for and intended to be used solely with the FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel assay. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer internal FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel controls provided with the device.

# Substantial Equivalence

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:FilmArray WarriorControl Panel M290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:FilmArray RP EZControl Panel M265(K161573)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External assayed qualitycontrol to monitor invitro lab nucleic acid test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physical format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready-to-Use Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Directions for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process like patientsample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synthetic DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synthetic RNAtranscripts</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Steps Monitored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification, detection,identification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same plus reversetranscription</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of targetsmonitored in one assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Summary Performance Data

# All Test Results

Three lots of FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290, FilmArray Warrior Positive Control and FilmArray Warrior Negative Control, were manufactured by MMQCI and tested using the FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel on the FilmArray instrument 2.0 system to confirm performance. The lots were manufactured and tested incorporating variables including multiple lots of key manufacturing components, different operators, pouch lots and test sites over six months. Internal and external studies were performed.

The internal study was performed by testing the 3 lots at MMQCI (Saco, Maine) over 23 days with 4 pouch lots by 3 operators. An external study was performed to assess performance of FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 in a clinical setting. The external performance study tested the 3 lots of FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 at 5 clinical laboratory sites, over 6 months, incorporating 12 unique pouch lots and multiple operators.

All FilmArray Warrior Positive Controls were correctly detected in the internal and external studies (Correct Positive Control Result) except for 2 control samples tested in the external study. One FilmArray Warrior Positive Control test reported Detected for all pathogens except for pXO1 which reported as Not Detected. A second FilmArray Warrior Positive Control test result was Detected for all pathogens except for pXO1 and Yersinia pestis, which reported as Not Detected.

All FilmArray Warrior Negative Controls gave Correct Negative Control Results. There were 4 Invalid results caused by internal control pouch failures; 2 for the FilmArray Warrior Positive Control and 2 for the FilmArray Warrior Negative Control.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 1. Summary of All Test Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalTests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveControlResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncorrectPositiveControlResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrect*PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectNegativeControlResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncorrectNegativecontrolResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrect*NegativeControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>434</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

\*The 4 Invalid samples were re-tested according to BioFire instructions and were not included in the Percent Correct analysis.

# External Site Testing

Three lots of FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290, FilmArray Warrior Positive Control (Pos) and FilmArray Warrior Negative Control (Neg), were manufactured by MMQCI. They were tested by the FilmArray NGDS Warrior Panel on the FilmArray instrument 2.0 system as follows: Lot 1, Pos C18MAR16/ Neg A02NOV15, was tested at 5 clinical sites over 6 months using 9 pouch lots, incorporating multiple operators. Lots 2 and 3, Pos C01JUL16/ Neg

B01JUL16, and Pos B15JUL16/ Neg A15JUL16, were tested at 2 of the 5 clinical sites on 10 different days, using 3 pouch lots, incorporating multiple operators.

A total of 310 external controls were tested (163 positive and 147 negative). There were no Invalid results. All controls gave correct results except for 2 FilmArray Warrior Positive Controls at 2 different sites. One sample of Lot 2 Pos C01JUL16 gave a Not Detected for pXO1 and Yersinia pestis with all other biothreat pathogens detected at Site B, and another sample of Lot 2 Pos C01JUL16 gave a Not Detected for pXO1with all other biothreat pathogens reported as Detected at Site E for the same pouch lot. The expected percentage of correct results for the clinical study was $9 5 \%$ or greater.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 2. Summary of External Test Results for 3 Control Lots</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExternalSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalTests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentTotalCorrectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectPositiveControlResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncorrectPositiveControlResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectPositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectNegativeControlResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncorrectNegativecontrolResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrectNegativeControl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

NOTE: The FilmArray 2.0 is a random access instrument. Therefore, ‘runs’ refer to replicates tested on the same day.

Within-run Testing: Within-run reproducibility was demonstrated by 1 operator testing 1 lot each of FilmArray Warrior Positive Control and FilmArray Warrior Negative Control with 1 lot of NGDS Warrior Panel pouches on the FilmArray 2.0, each within one day at MMQCI. All results were correct and reproducible.

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Table 3. Summary of Within-run Reproducibility Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlLot#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofTests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date ofTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PouchLot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CorrectResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Warrior Positive Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C01JUL16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8-8-16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Warrior Negative Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B01JUL16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8-19-16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/6</td></tr></table>

Precision Testing: Precision was demonstrated by testing 3 lots of FilmArray Warrior Positive Control and 3 lots of FilmArray Warrior Negative Control at MMQCI over multiple days with 4 reagent lots by 3 operators using one FilmArray 2.0 instrument. All FilmArray Warrior Positive Control biothreat pathogens were correctly detected. Four tests were excluded from final data analysis due to Invalid results caused by internal pouch control failures.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 4. Summary of Precision Testing for 3 Control Lots at MMQCI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Lot #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.ofTests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncorrectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCorrect*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C18MAR16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A02NOV15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C01JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B01JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B15JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A15JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr></table>

\*The 4 Invalid samples were re-tested according to BioFire instructions and were not included in the Percent Correct analysis.

Lot-to-Lot Testing: A subset of the above testing in Table 4 was used to demonstrate Lot-to-lot reproducibility by testing 3 lots of FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 using the same pouch lot on the same instrument at MMQCI. All results were correct and reproducible.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 5. Summary of Lot-to-Lot Testing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Lot#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofTests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PouchLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C18MAR16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A02NOV15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C01JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B01JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (1 Invalid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B15JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray Warrior Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A15JUL16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td></tr></table>