March 6, 2017

GREINER BIO-ONE NA INC.   
MANFRED ABEL   
QUALITY SYSTEM AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS 4238 CAPITAL DRIVE   
MONROE NC 28110

Re: K163436 Trade/Device Name: Greiner Vacuette Urine Count and Culture, Mannitol Tube Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport culture medium Regulatory Class: I Product Code: JSM, LIO Dated: December 5, 2016 Received: December 7, 2016

Dear Mr. Abel:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

for Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K163436

Device Name Greiner Vacuette Urine Count and Culture, Mannitol tube

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# SECTION 5. PREMARKET NOTIFICATION 510(K) SUMMARY

# 1. SUBMITTER Applicant Name:

Greiner Bio-One GmbH. Bad Haller Strasse 32 4550 Kremsmuenster, Austria

# Contact person:

Manfred Abel, M.S., MBA Greiner Bio-One NA Inc. 4238 Capital Drive Monroe, NC 28110 704 763 0855 Manfred.Abel@gbo.com

Establishment registration number: 8020040

Date prepared:

Nov 23, 2016

2. DEVICE - CLASSIFICATION

Trade Name:   
Common name:   
Device:   
Regulatory Description:   
Regulation Medical Specialty:   
Product Code:   
Regulation No:   
Class:   
Review Panel:   
Greiner Vacuette Urine Count and Culture, Mannitol tube   
Greiner Vacuette CCM tube   
Culture Media, Non-Propagating Transport   
Transport culture medium   
Microbiology   
JSM   
866.2390   
1   
Microbiology

# 3. PREDICATE DEVICE - CLASSIFICATION

Device name:   
510(k) number:   
Device:   
Regulatory Description:   
Regulation Medical Specialty:   
Product Code:   
Regulation No:   
Class:   
Review Panel:   
BD Vacutainer Plus Plastic Urine C&S Tube   
K024240   
Culture Media, Non-Propagating Transport   
Transport culture medium   
Microbiology   
JSM   
866.2390   
1   
Microbiology

# 4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Vacuette Urine CCM tubes are tubes made of PET with a pre-defined vacuum to exact draw volumes.   
They are fitted with yellow Vacuette Safety Caps. The tube interior is sterile.

The evacuated tube contains a fine particle granulate stabilizer to preserve the urine sample at $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 48 hours. The stabilizer helps to preserve and protect the level of bacteria at collection and maintain typically formed elements in urine sediment.

# 5. INDICATION FOR USE

The Greiner Vacuette Urine Count and Culture, Mannitol tube is a urine stabilization device intended for collection, transport and storage of urine for bacterial and yeast culture. Urine samples collected in the Greiner Vacuette Urine Count and Culture, Mannitol tube can be stored at $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to $4 8 \mathrm { ~ h ~ }$ prior to culture. This device is intended for professional use only.

# 6. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

Both the subject device and the predicate have the same fundamental scientific technology and technological characteristics. Both devices are comprised of clear plastic tubes.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Greiner Vacuette Urine CCM tube(Count &amp; Culture Mannitol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD Vacutainer Plus Plastic UrineC&amp;S Tube(Culture and Sensitivity)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA status</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Under review</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K024240</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.2390</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.2390</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Vacuette Urine CCM tube is a urinestabilization device intended forcollection, transport and storage of urinefor bacterial and yeast culture. Urinesamples collected in the Vacuette® UrineCCM tube can be stored at 20-25°C forup to 48 h prior to culture. This device isintended for professional use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD Vacutainer ™M PLUS PlasticUrine C&amp;S Preservative Tubes andKits are intended for the collectionand transport of urine samples forculture and sensitivity testing ofbacteria.The BD Vacutainer Plus PlasticUrine C&amp;S Preservation Tube isfilled with lyophilized urinemaintenance formula and evacuatedto draw approximately 4 - 10 ml(depending on the tube size) ofurine. The lyophilized urinemaintenance formula can maintainthe bacterial population in the urinespecimen for a period of 48 hours atroom temperature levels comparableto those urine specimens withoutadditive, held under refrigeration forthe same period of time</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Greiner Bio-One (GBO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Becton, Dickinson and company(BD)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">clear plastic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">clear plastic and glass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13x75 mm - 4ml16x100 mm - 5ml16x100 mm - 10ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13x75 mm - 4ml16x75 mm - 5ml16x100 mm - 10ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cap</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety cap, yellow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conventional stopper, gray</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vacuum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">predefined Vacuum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">predefined Vacuum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Additive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">boric acid, sodium formate, sodiumborate, mannitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">boric acid, sodium formate, sodiumborate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">normal room condition</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage stability atroom temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yes</td></tr></table>

The intended use of the Greiner Vacuette Urine CCM tube is similar to the predicate device. Both devices are intended for the collection and storage of urine samples for culture at room temperature for up to 48 hours. Based on the device features, principles of operation, and technological characteristics we believe Greiner CCM tube is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# 7. PERFORMANCE DATA

Testing was performed for the suitability of Greiner CCM tube as sampling and transport system for microbiological specimen using procedures outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Standard Institute (CLSI) M40-A2 Quality Control of Microbiological Transport Systems. Viability and recovery testing was performed with recommendation from M40-A2 and FDA, ATCC cultures from 10 potential pathogens of Escherichia coli, Enterococcus faecalis, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus saprophyticus, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Streptococcus agalactiae, Candida albicans, Candida glabrata were used to spike sterile filtered urine to $\boldsymbol { { 1 0 } ^ { 2 } }$ , ${ { 1 0 } ^ { 3 } }$ and ${ 1 0 } ^ { 4 } \mathrm { c f u / m } |$ . All analyses were performed in triplicates at room temperature and refrigerated temperature.

# 8. DISCUSSION / CONCLUSION

The GBO CCM tube fulfills the requirements set in the CLSI standard M40-A2, “Quality Control of Microbiological Transport Systems” demonstrating that the recovered organism are within $+ / - 1$ log from the original spiked concentration is considered acceptable performance. The data provided shows that acceptable performance was demonstrated for all organisms tested.