# March 17, 2017

Roche Diagnostics   
Angelo Pereira   
Regulatory Affairs Senior Program Manager   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: K163569 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys CMV IgM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3175 Regulation Name: Cytomegalovirus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFZ, JJE Dated: December 16, 2016 Received: December 19, 2016

Dear Mr. Pereira:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809; medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

for Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K163569

Indications for Use (Describe) Immunoassay for the in vitro qualitative detection of IgM antibodies to CMV in human serum, lithium-heparin plasma, K2-EDTA plasma, and K3-EDTA plasma. The test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of recent or current CMV infection in individuals for which a CMV IgM test was ordered, including pregnant women.

Performance characteristics have not been evaluated in immunocompromised or immunosuppressed individuals. This test is not intended for use in neonatal screening or for use at point of care facilities. This test is not intended for use in screening blood and plasma donors.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# - Elecsys CMV IgM on the cobas e 801 analyzer

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) substantial equivalence information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Angelo PereiraPhone: (317) 521-3544FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: angelo.pereira@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>March 09, 2017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CMV IgMcobas e 801 Immunoassay analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMV IgM assayImmunoassay analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classifications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21CFR866.3175, Enzyme Linked Immunoabsorbent Assay, CytomegalovirusClass II21CFR862.2160, Chemistry analyzer; Class I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFZJE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CMV IgM on the cobas e 601 (K142133)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics GmbH inMannheim, Germany is 9610126, and for Penzberg, Germany, 9610529. Theestablishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics in the United States is1823260.</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Elecsys CMV IgM is a qualitative assay for the detection of IgM antibodies to CMV in human serum and plasma for use on the cobas e 801 immunoassay analyzer. The cobas e 801 immunoassay analyzer is a fully automated, software controlled analyzer system for in vitro determination of analytes in human body fluids. It is part of the cobas 8000 modular analyzer series cleared under K100853. It uses electrochemiluminescent technology for signal generation and measurement.

# 2. INTENDED USE

Elecsys CMV IgM immunoassay is intended for the in vitro qualitative detection of IgM antibodies to CMV in human serum, lithium-heparin plasma, K2-EDTA plasma and K3-EDTA plasma. The test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of recent or current CMV infection in individuals for which a CMV IgM test was ordered, including pregnant women.

Performance characteristics have not been evaluated in immunocompromised or immunosuppressed individuals. This test is not intended for use in neonatal screening or for use at point of care facilities. This test is not intended for use in screening blood and plasma donors. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on the cobas e immunoassay analyzers

# 3. DEVICE TO WHICH EQUIVALENCE IS CLAIMED

Elecsys CMV IgM on the cobas e 601 is used as the predicate assay for the Elecsys CMV IgM on the cobas e 801 (new device).The cobas e 801 analyzer module is a modified version of the predicate device, the cobas e 601 analyzer module, part of the cobas 6000 modular analyzer cleared under K060373.

Comparative properties for the Elecsys CMV IgM assay run on the cobas e 801 and the cobas e 601 is provided in the table below.

Table 1: Similarities and Differences for the Elecsys CMV IgM assay on cobas e 801 versus cobas e 601   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: Elecsys CMV IgM oncobas e601 analyzer module(K142133)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device: Elecsys CMV IgM oncobas e801 analyzer module</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elecsys CMV IgM immunoassay is intendedfor the in vitro qualitative detection of IgMantibodies to CMV in human serum, lithium-heparin plasma, K2-EDTA plasma and K3-EDTA plasma. The test is intended as an aidin the diagnosis of recent or current CMVinfection in individuals for which a CMV IgMtest was ordered, including pregnant women.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elecsys immunoassay analyzer, part of thecobas 6000 modular analyzer series (K060373)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elecsys immunoassay analyzer, part of thecobas 8000 modular analyzer series(K100853)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">μ- Capture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemiluminescence immunoassay(ECLIA) method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody/ Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotinylated monoclonal anti-h-IgM antibody(mouse)CMV-specific antigen (recombinant, E. coli)labeled with ruthenium complexStreptavidin -coated microparticles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL of sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 µL of sample</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, serum with separating gel, Li-heparin,K2EDTA and K3EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, serum with separating gel, Li-heparin, K2EDTA, K3EDTA.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Basic Features of the Instruments</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemiluminescence immunoassaymethod (ECLIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Workflow principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Batch or random access</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170 tests/hour/module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 tests/hour/module</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sample Handling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Typical sample volumes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-50μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-60 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma, urine, CSF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample handling system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Input and transport of samples using universalsample racks, core/transportation unit andSTAT port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Input and transport of samples using universalsample racks, modular sample buffer input,core/transportation unit and STAT port.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplecapacity on board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reagent Handling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-190 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-60 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboardstorage temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18-22°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bottle/Cassetteidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RFID</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application informationtransfer to instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Via barcode on reagent pack and electronictransfer via cobas link</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electronic transfer via cobas link</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Test Reaction Chamber</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temp. control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation at 37°C.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Detection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECL unit with sipper, measuring cell andphotomultiplier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design of the sipper changed to shorten thedetection cycle time; measuring cell andphotomultiplier are the same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection cycle time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42 sec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 sec</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas 6000 modularSystem Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas 8000 modularSystem Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One PC and one core in combination withseveral e-modules or c analytical modules</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functions performed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data input, sample processing, resultcalculation, result reporting, quality control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Unit(s)functions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control of analytic processes (pipetting,incubation, detection) and Primary Signalprocessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result calculation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated measuring of ECL signal andautomated calculation of concentrations viacalibration curve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

# 4.1. Repeatability and Intermediate Precision

The following precision results were obtained with the Elecsys CMV IgM assay on the cobas e 801 with serum samples. Within run precision (repeatability) and intermediate precision were

determined according to CLSI Guideline EP05-A3. All results met predefined acceptance criteria.

Table 1: Summary of Precision Results for Elecsys CMV IgM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intermediate precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean[COI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD[COI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV[%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD[COI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV[%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSP 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSP 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSP 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSP 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSP 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC CMV IgM 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC CMV IgM 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity: Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD)

The Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD) of the Elecsys CMV IgM assay were determined according to CLSI EP17-A2 on the cobas e 801.

Table 2: LoB and LoD for Elecsys CMV IgM   

<table><tr><td>LoB (COI)</td><td>LoD (COI)</td></tr><tr><td>0.243</td><td>0.276</td></tr></table>

Given that the Elecsys CMV IgM assay is qualitative and its LoD of $0 . 2 7 6 \mathrm { C O I }$ is well below the cut-off value of $0 . 7 \mathrm { C O I }$ , determination of a Limit of Quantiation (LoQ) is unnecessary. As such determination of the LoQ was not performed.

# 4.3. High Dose Hook Effect

Testing with the Elecsys CMV IgM assay was assessed on the cobas e 801 analyzer using serum samples with high CMV IgM concentrations using a dilution series. All results met the predefined acceptance criteria demonstrating no high dose hook effect for the Elecsys CMV IgM assay.

# 4.4. Endogenous and Drug Interferences

The effect on recovery of analyte with the Elecsys CMV IgM assay on the cobas e 801in the presence of potentially interfering endogenous substances hemoglobin, lipemia, bilirubin, biotin and rheumatoid factor was evaluated. All results met the pre-defined acceptance criteria demonstrating no interference from:

• Hemoglobin up to500 mg/dL Intralipid up to $1 5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Bilirubin up to 20 mg/dL Biotin up to $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Rheumatoid factor up to 899 IU/mL

# 4.5. Exogenous Interferences – Anticoagulants

The effect on recovery of analyte with the Elecsys CMV IgM assay in the presence of anticoagulants was determined on the cobas e 801 by comparing values obtained with samples drawn into serum, lithium-heparin plasma, $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA plasma and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA plasma. Serum collected in tubes containing separating gel was also evaluated using the Elecsys 2010 and the E170 analyzers. All results met the pre-defined acceptance criteria, demonstrating that serum, lithium-heparin plasma, $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA plasma and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA plasma and serum collected in tubes containing separating gel are acceptable sample types for use with the Elecsys CMV IgM assay.

# 4.6. Exogenous Interferences - Drugs

In addition, 18 commonly used drugs and two special drugs Ganciclovir and Valganciclovir were evaluated for interference with the Elecsys CMV IgM assay using the Elecsys 2010 and the cobas e 411. All results met the pre-defined acceptance criteria, demonstrating no interference from the drug substances tested.

# 4.7. Method Comparison Between Analyzer Platforms

The equivalence of the Elecsys CMV IgM assay on the cobas e 801 and the cobas e 601 was evaluated by a method comparison study. Plasma samples were measured on both analyzers.

Positive and negative agreement of the results between the two platforms were calculated and demonstrated equivalence between the analyzer platforms for the determination of IgM antibodies to CMV using the Elecsys CMV IgM assay.

Concordance Rates:

Negative Percent Agreement $( \mathrm { N P A } ) = 1 0 0 \%$ (142/142) Positive Percent Agreement $( \mathrm { P P A } ) = 1 0 0 \%$ (73/73) Agreement rate for Indeterminate was $7 5 \%$ (6/8)

# 4.8. Assay Cut-Off

The cutoff was established with in-house studies by characterizing samples using several commercially available CMV IgG and CMV IgM assays. Validation of the assay cutoff was performed by external clinical studies on the Elecsys 2010 . Since the Elecsys 2010 and the cobas e 801 are members of the same Elecsys family of instruments, the same cutoff has been applied to the cobas e 801 analyzer. Classification of samples based on the establishment, verification and validation is as follows:

Sample results $< 0 . 7 \mathrm { C O I } = \mathrm { N }$ on-reactive sample   
Sample results $\geq 0 . 7$ to $< 1 . 0 \ : { \mathrm { C O I } } = { }$ Indeterminate (Border) sample   
Sample results $\geq 1 . 0 \mathrm { C O I } = \mathrm { R }$ eactive sample

# 4.9. Clinical Performance

Clinical performance of the Elecsys CMV IgM assay was assessed using the Elecsys 2010. This information was included in K142133. It included a multi-center clinical study, analytical specificity, verification of IgM specificity and expected values. Since the Elecsys 2010 and the cobas e 801 are members of the same Elecsys family of instruments, these clinical claims are being transferred over to the cobas e 801 analyzer.

# 5. CONCLUSION

The information provided in this Premarket Notification (510(k) will support a determination of substantial equivalence for the Elecsys CMV IgM assay on the cobas e 801 analyzer.