March 6, 2017

Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. David W. Gates, Ph.D. Sr. Director, Regulatory Affairs 4300 Hacienda Drive Pleasanton, CA 94588-2722

Re: K163184 Trade/Device Name: cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3390 Regulation Name: Neisseria spp. Direct serological test reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LSL, MKZ, OOI Dated: November 11, 2016 Received: November 14, 2016

Dear Dr. Gates:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of February 9, 2017.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

The cobas® CT/NG $\phantom { - } \ v 2 . 0$ Test is an automated, in vitro amplification test for the qualitative detection of Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) and/or Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) DNA in urogenital specimens. The Test utilizes the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neissria gonorrhoeae DNA in male and female urine, self-collected vaginal swab specimens (collected in a cal sett collecvagal sseesane sees ollin coas® PCRMedia(RocheMolecular Systems, Inc.), and cervical speciens collected in PreservCyt® soluion. This test sintended as an aidin the diagnosis f hlamydial and gonococcal disease in both symptomat an asymptomatic individuals.

# Ancillary Collection Kits

The cobas® PCR Media Dual Swab Sample Kit is used to collect and transport endocervical and vaginal swab specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serves as a nucleic acid stabilizing transport and storage medium for gynecological specimens. Use this collection kit only with the cobas® CT/NG $\mathtt { V } 2 . 0$ Test.

The cobas® PCR Urine Sample Kit is used to collect and transport urine specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serv as a nuclcaistabilizig ransort an storage medum r urine secmens. Use this collectnkit only with the cobas® CT/NG $\mathtt { v } 2 . 0$ Test.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requrements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time forhs collection o nformation is estmated to average79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of informationSend comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda hhs gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not requred to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number "

# cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4300 Hacienda DrivePleasanton, CA 94588-2722</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>David GatesPhone Number: (925) 730-8237Fax Number: (925) 730-8128david.gates@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>November 11, 2016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name: CollectionKits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® PCR Media Dual Swab Sample Kitcobas® PCR Urine Sample Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) and Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name: CollectionKits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Collection Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>§866.3390 Neisseria spp. Direct serological test reagents§866.3120 Chlamydia serological reagents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSL, MKZ, OOI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® CT/NG Test (K110923) and cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test (K132270).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices: CollectionKits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® PCR Female Swab Sample Kitcobas® PCR Urine Sample Kit</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test is an automated, in vitro amplification test for the qualitative detection of Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) and/or Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) DNA in urogenital specimens. The Test utilizes the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae DNA in male and female urine, self-collected vaginal swab specimens (collected in a clinical setting), clinician-collected vaginal swab specimens, and endocervical swab specimens, all collected in cobas® PCR Media (Roche Molecular Systems,, Inc.), and cervical specimens collected in PreservCyt® solution. The Test comprises of the assay and ancillary collection kits: (a) for female endocervical and vaginal swabs, and (b) for urine.

The changes to the previously cleared cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test are limited to the modification of the original cobas® PCR Female Swab Sample Kit (now the cobas® PCR Media Dual Swab Sample Kit) to include one flocked endocervical swab and one spun bud swab, instead of two spun bud swabs. All the supporting clinical and analytical performance data, including stability data for specimens stabilized in the cobas® PCR Media, may be found under K132270. Additional data was generated, as described in Section 4 below, to demonstrate the substantial equivalence of the modified device to its predicate.

The modified cobas® PCR Media Dual Swab Sample Kit is comprised of a collection medium tube and a packet containing two sterile swabs.

Kit Composition:

 cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PCR Media Dual Swab Sample Kit (1 spun bud swab and 1 flocked bud swab)   
 cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PCR Media $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 4 . 3 \mathrm { ~ m L }$ $\leq 4 0 \%$ (w/w) Guanidine hydrochloride Tris-HCl buffer

# 2. INTENDED USE

The cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test is an automated, in vitro amplification test for the qualitative detection of Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) and/or Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) DNA in urogenital specimens. The Test utilizes the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae DNA in male and female urine, self-collected vaginal swab specimens (collected in a clinical setting), clinician-collected vaginal swab specimens, and endocervical swab specimens, all collected in cobas® PCR Media (Roche Molecular Systems,, Inc.), and cervical specimens collected in PreservCyt® solution. This test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of chlamydial and gonococcal disease in both symptomatic and asymptomatic individuals.

# Ancillary Collection Kits

The cobas® PCR Media Dual Swab Sample Kit is used to collect and transport endocervical and vaginal swab specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serves as a nucleic acid stabilizing transport and storage medium for gynecological specimens. Use this collection kit only with the cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test.

The cobas® PCR Urine Sample Kit is used to collect and transport urine specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serves as a nucleic acid stabilizing transport and storage medium for ® urine specimens. Use this collection kit only with the cobas  CT/NG v2.0 Test.

3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS   

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Submitted Device</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Legally Marketed Predicate Device cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test (K132270) The cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test is an automated,</td><td>cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test (K163184) The cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test is an automated,</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>in vitro nucleic acid amplification test for the qualitative detection of Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) and/or Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) DNA in urogenital specimens. The Test utilizes the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae DNA in male and female urine, self-collected vaginal swab specimens (collected in a clinical setting), clinician- collected vaginal swab specimens, and endocervical swab specimens, all collected in cobas® PCR Media (Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.), and cervical specimens collected in PreservCyt® solution. This test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of chlamydial and gonococcal disease in both symptomatic and asymptomatic individuals. Ancillary Collection Kits: The cobas® PCR Female Swab Sample Kit is used to collect and transport endocervical and vaginal swab specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serves as a nucleic acid stabilizing transport and storage medium for gynecological specimens. Use this collection kit only with the cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test.</td><td>in vitro nucleic acid amplification test for the qualitative detection of Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) and/or Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) DNA in urogenital specimens. The Test utilizes the Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) for the detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae DNA in male and female urine, self-collected vaginal swab specimens (collected in a clinical setting), clinician- collected vaginal swab specimens, and endocervical swab specimens, all collected in cobas® PCR Media (Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.), and cervical specimens collected in PreservCyt® solution. This test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of chlamydial and gonococcal disease in both symptomatic and asymptomatic individuals. Ancillary Collection Kits: The cobas® PCR Media Dual Swab Sample Kit is used to collect and transport endocervical and vaginal swab specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serves as a nucleic acid stabilizing transport and storage medium for gynecological specimens. Use this collection kit only with the cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The cobas® PCR Urine Sample Kit is used to collect and transport urine specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serves as a nucleic acid stabilizing transport and storage medium for urine specimens. Use this collection kit only with the cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test.</td><td>The cobas® PCR Urine Sample Kit is used to collect and transport urine specimens. The cobas® PCR Media serves as a nucleic acid stabilizing transport and storage medium for urine specimens. Use this collection kit only with the cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test.</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>Endocervical and vaginal Specimens ≤40% (w/w) Guanidine hydrochloride</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>PCR Media</td><td>Tris-HCl buffer</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>PCR Media Volume</td><td>4.3 mL</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Swab Number</td><td>2</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legally Marketed Predicate Devicecobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test (K132270)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Devicecobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test (K163184)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Spun Bud</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Spun Bud and1 Flocked Bud</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SterilizationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylene Oxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bud Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6 mm Diameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6 mm Diameter (Spun)2.9 mm Diameter (Flocked)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FiberComposition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ShaftComposition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

FMEA resulted in the identification of one significant risk for the change to the endocervical swab. To address and mitigate this risk, two studies were conducted:

Confirmation of equivalent specimen load with the new swab by limiting dilution LoD determination. Limiting dilutions of specimens co-collected with the current, cleared swab and the new flocked swab exhibited consistent drop-out rates at similar levels when tested using the cobas® CT/NG v2.0 Test on the cobas® 4800 platform. There was no indication that newly proposed flocked swab negatively impacted the analytical sensitivity of the test.   
Correlation study of swab performance between the cleared woven swab and the new flocked swab on the cobas® 4800 platform with CT/NG v2.0 with clinical specimens demonstrated a PPA point estimate for CT results of $9 4 . 3 \%$ , an NPA of $9 9 . 7 \%$ and an OPA of $9 9 . 4 \%$ . The $9 5 \%$ confidence interval for NG PPA encompasses $9 5 \%$ . Further statistical analyses of the $\mathrm { C t }$ values for positive concordant results demonstrated that specimens collected with the flocked swab are not significantly different from   
specimens collected with the woven swab

# 5. CONCLUSIONS

Conclusions drawn from the nonclinical studies demonstrate that the device is substantially equivalent and performs as well as the legally marketed device identified above.