June 7, 2017

TECHLAB, INC.   
DONNA LINK   
DIRECTOR REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE 2001 KRAFT DRIVE   
BLACKSBURG VA 24060-6358

Re: K170728 Trade/Device Name: E. Histolytica Quik Chek Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3220 Regulation Name: Entamoeba histolytica serological reagents Regulatory Class: II Product Code: KHW Dated: March 8, 2017 Received: March 9, 2017

Dear Ms. Link:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# For

Uwe Schef, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K170728

Indications for Use (Describe)

The TECHLAB E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test is a rapid membrane enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative detection of adhesin from Entamoeba histolytica in a single use cassette. It is intended for use with human fecal specimens from patients with diarrhea or dysentery as an aid in the diagnosis of E. histolytica gastrointestinal infection. Test results should be considered in conjunction with patient history.

# FOR IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# This summary of ${ \mathfrak { s } } 1 { \mathfrak { o } } ( { \mathfrak { k } } )$ safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# Applicant/Contact Information:

Date Prepared:   
Name:   
Address: June 1, 2017   
TECHLAB, Inc.   
2001 Kraft Drive   
Corporate Research Center Blacksburg, VA 24060 USA

Contact Person: Phone Number: Email:

Donna T. Link 540-953-1664 dlink@techlab.com

# 1.1 Manufacturing Facility Address

TECHLAB, Inc. 20 Corporate Drive Radford, VA 24141 USA

1.2 Product and Trade Name of the Device

E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™

1.3 Common Name or Classification Name

E. histolytica detection test

# 1.4 Classification and Regulation

Class II 21 CFR 866.3220; Entamoeba histolytica serological reagents

1.5

Product Code KHW - Antigen, Id, Ha, Cep, Entamoeba histolytica & Rel. Spp.

1.6

Panel 83 Microbiology

# Intended Use

The TECHLAB E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test is a rapid membrane enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative detection of adhesin from Entamoeba histolytica in a single use cassette. It is intended for use with human fecal specimens from patients with diarrhea or dysentery as an aid in the diagnosis of E. histolytica gastrointestinal infection. Test results should be considered in conjunction with patient history.

# FOR IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE

# Explanation

Entamoeba histolytica and Entamoeba dispar are intestinal parasites that infect approximately half a billion people worldwide each year. It is necessary to distinguish between the two species because E. histolytica is pathogenic, causing intestinal amebiasis (e.g. diarrhea, dysentery, colitis) and extra-intestinal amebiasis (e.g. liver abscess). E. dispar is not associated with symptomatic disease and inaccurate diagnosis may result in unnecessary treatment. The most common method used to diagnose amebiasis has been wet mount microscopy, which suffers from poor sensitivity and specificity. Trophozoites and cysts are not easily identified in a single fecal specimen and it is difficult to visually distinguish between E. dispar and E. histolytica when they are observed. Detection of Entamoeba spp. by immunoassay provides an alternative method of diagnosis with greater sensitivity. Immunoassays specific for E. histolytica, such as the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test, provide the added benefit of only identifying E. histolytica infections. Large numbers of specimens can be tested rapidly and objectively, and the procedure is less labor-intensive than most other methods of diagnosis.

# Device Description

The E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test uses antibodies to adhesin. The device contains a Reaction Window with two vertical lines of immobilized antibodies. The test line (“T”) contains monoclonal antibodies specific for E. histolytica adhesin. The control line $( " C " )$ contains antibodies to horseradish peroxidase (HRP). The Conjugate consists of polyclonal antibodies to E. histolytica adhesin coupled to horseradish peroxidase. To perform the test, the sample is added to a tube containing a mixture of Diluent and Conjugate. The diluted sample-conjugate mixture is added to the Sample Well and the device is allowed to incubate at room temperature for 15 minutes. During the incubation, E. histolytica adhesin in the samples bind to the antibodyperoxidase conjugate. The antigen-antibody complexes migrate through a filter pad to a membrane where they are captured by the immobilized antibodies in the line. The Reaction Window is subsequently washed with Wash Buffer, and the test is developed with the addition of Substrate. After a 10 minute incubation period, the “T” reaction is examined visually for the appearance of a vertical blue line on the “T” side of the Reaction Window. A blue line indicates a positive test. A positive “C” reaction, indicated by a vertical blue line on the “C” side of the Reaction Window, monitors/confirms that the sample and reagents were added correctly, the reagents were active at the time of performing the assay, and that the sample migrated properly through the Membrane Device. It also confirms the reactivity of the other reagents associated with the assay.

# Materials Provided

Diluent ( $1 6 m L$ ) – Buffered protein solution with graduated dropper assembly Positive Control (1 mL) – E. histolytica antigen in a buffered protein solution

Membrane Devices - 25 pouches, each containing 1 device   
Wash Buffer ( $1 2 m L$ ) – Buffered solution with graduated dropper assembly   
Substrate $( 3 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L } )$ ) - Solution containing tetramethylbenzidine   
Conjugate (2 mL) – Antibody specific for E. histolytica coupled to horseradish   
peroxidase in a buffered protein solution   
Disposable plastic pipettes - graduated at 25 µL, 100 µL, 200 µL, 300 µL, 400 µL and   
500 µL

The predicate device (E. HISTOLYTICA II™) and the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test use the same EIA (enzyme immunoassay) technology and are substantially equivalent in principle. The following tables show a comparison of both devices similarities and differences.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Device Comparison TableSimilarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA II™M(K994101)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™M(K170028)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The E. HISTOLYTICA I/TM is an enzymeimmunoassay for the rapid detection ofthe adhesin of E. histolytica in humanfecal specimens. It is indicated for usewith fecal specimens from patients withdiarrhea or dysentery to determine thepresence of E. histolytica gastrointestinalinfection. The test can be used for fecalspecimens submitted for routine clinicaltesting from adults or children.Conventional microscopy is not aprerequisite for use of the test.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The TECHLAB® E. HISTOLYTICA QUIKCHEK™M test is a rapid membrane enzymeimmunoassay for the qualitative detectionof adhesin from Entamoeba histolytica in asingle use cassette. It is intended for usewith human fecal specimens from patientswith diarrhea or dysentery as an aid in thediagnosis of E. histolytica gastrointestinalinfection. Test results should beconsidered in conjunction with patienthistory.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuredanalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. histolytica specific antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. histolytica specific antigen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetPopulaion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Persons suspected of havingE. histolytica infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Persons suspected of havingE. histolytica infection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Linked Immunoassay (ELISA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Linked Immunoassay (ELISA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal/Polyclonal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal/Polyclonal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Fecal Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Fecal Specimen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative control included inthe kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative control included inthe kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated (2° - 8°C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated (2° - 8C)</td></tr></table>

Comparative Information - Predicate Device (continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Device Comparison TableDifferences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA IITM(K994101)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEKTM(K170028)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 Well Microassay Plate96 tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Membrane Cassette25 tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannot use Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal specimens in Cary-Blair and C&amp;STransport Media</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 2.5 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No internal control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal &quot;C&quot; Control line</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation ofResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spectrophotometric and Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

The performance of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was evaluated at 3 independent sites. A summary of overall performance at the 3 sites follows.

The performance of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was compared to the Composite Reference Method (CRM) as described below and included 755 fresh prospective and 96 frozen (retrospective) specimens.

The Composite Reference Method (CRM) results will be determined as follows:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microscopy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA clearedmultiplex NAAT test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternate PCR withsequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRM Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr></table>

For the CRM result with Microscopy negative and FDA cleared multiplex NAAT test negative, no further testing was required.

A total of 851 fecal samples were evaluated and included 96 retrospective samples. Age information was available for 851 patients. Of the 851 patients, $1 8 . 9 \%$ were $\leq 2 0$ years. Sex information was available for 851 patients, and $4 2 . 7 \%$ were male and $5 7 . 3 \%$ were female. Table 1 and 2 show a summary of the clinical performance of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test. Table 1 represents the results for the prospective samples, of the 755 prospectively collected samples, 100 of the prospectively collected samples were diluted in Protocol™ Cary-Blair and Para- $\cdot \mathsf { P a k } ^ { \circledast }$ C&S, All of the samples diluted in transport media and tested were negative. The prospective testing did show that the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test exhibited a sensitivity of $40 . 0 \%$ , with a specificity of $100 \%$ , a predictive positive value of $100 \%$ , and a predictive negative value of $9 9 . 6 \%$ with the CRM. Table 2 represents the results for the retrospective samples, which showed that the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test exhibited a sensitivity and specificity of $100 \%$ with the CRM

Table 1. Summary of prospective clinical performance comparing the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test to the Composite Reference Method (CRM) Prospective Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 755</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composite Reference Method Composite Reference MethodPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composite Reference Method Composite Reference MethodNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™MPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™MNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3% - 83.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predictive Positive Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.8% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predictive Negative Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7% - 99.9%</td></tr></table>

All three of the false negative results were PCR positive and antigen negative. Additional antigen testing was done with a previously cleared FDA device.

Table 2. Summary of retrospective clinical performance comparing the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test to the Composite Reference Method (CRM) Retrospective Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composite Reference MethodPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composite Reference MethodNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™MPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™MNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.9% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1% - 100%</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was determined using 8 fecal specimens that were coded to prevent their identification during testing. Testing was performed at 2 independent laboratories and on-site at TECHLAB, Inc. The samples included 2 negative samples, 2 high negative samples, 2 low positive samples and 2 moderate positive samples. The samples were tested in triplicate twice a day over a 5-day period by multiple technicians at each site using 2 different kit lots. A positive and negative control was run with each panel of the masked samples. The results from each laboratory were submitted to TECHLAB, Inc. and compared with in-house results. The results were consistent among the different locations, and exhibited a correlation of $100 \%$ . The samples produced the expected results $100 \%$ of the time.

# Analytical Sensitivity

The Limit of Detection for the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was found to be 320 PZs/mL for E. histolytica (equivalent to 15 PZs detected per test). For specimens in Cary Blair media, the data supports analytical sensitivity claims of 275 PZs/mL for E. histolytica (equivalent to 14 PZs detected per test). For specimens in C&S media, the data supports analytical sensitivity claims of 245 PZs/mL for E. histolytica (equivalent to 12 PZs detected per test).

Limit of Detection (LoD) – cutoff points for E. histolytica pathogenic zymodemes in fecal specimens for the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test.

The LoD was determined following CLSI document EP17-A2. Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline—Second Edition.

The limit of detection of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was determined by using E. histolytica pathogenic zymodemes. The sensitivity of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test for the detection of E. histolytica was determined using purified pathogenic zymodemes in a sample matrix.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test for E. histolytica, as determined with pathogenic zymodemes (PZs), was defined as the concentration of PZs which yielded positive results $9 5 \%$ of the time, and negative results $5 \%$ of the time. The analytical sensitivity was determined empirically by testing dilutions of pathogenic zymodemes (PZs) in a negative fecal sample matrix, in replicates of 20. Additionally, LoD was determined for $E$ . histolytica pathogenic zymodemes in a negative fecal matrix/Cary Blair and negative fecal matrix/C&S media.

In conclusion, the data generated for Determination of Limitation of Detection (LOD), support Package Insert claims of Limit of Detection for the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test as 320 PZs/mL for E. histolytica (equivalent to 15 PZs detected per test). For specimens in Cary Blair media, the data supports analytical sensitivity claims of 275 PZs/mL for E. histolytica (equivalent to 14 PZs detected per test). For specimens in C&S media, the data supports analytical sensitivity claims of 245 PZs/mL for E. histolytica (equivalent to 12 PZs detected per test).

The E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was evaluated for cross-reactivity with the bacterial and viral strains listed below. None of the strains were shown to interfere with the performance E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test.

Aeromonas hydrophila Bacteroides fragilis Campylobacter jejuni Clostridium difficile Escherichia coli 0157:H7 Escherichia coli ETEC Shigella dysenteriae Staphylococcus aureus Vibrio parahaemolyticus

Bacillus cereus Bac Campylobacter coli Ca Candida albicans Clo Enterococcus faecalis Esc Escherichia coli EIEC Esc Klebsiella pneumonia Sal Shigella flexneri Shi Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan’s) Sta Yersinia enterocolitica

Adenovirus, 2, 5, 40, 41   
Enterovirus 68, 69   
Human Coxsackievirus B2, B3, B4   
Human parechovirus 1 [Echovirus 22]

Coxsackievirus B5 Human Adenovirus 1, 3 Human Echovirus 9 Human Rotavirus

Echovirus 11, 18, 22, 33 Human Coronavirus Human Enterovirus 69, 70, 71

Cross reactivity with Norovirus is unknown because it was not tested in analytical studies. However, Norovirus GI/GII was identified in 50 clinical specimens using an FDA cleared multiplex NAAT assay during clinical testing and no cross reactivity was found using the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ in those samples.

Additionally, the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was run on fecal specimens documented to be positive for other parasites by microscopy. The number in parenthesis is the number of clinical specimens in which each organism was identified. No cross-reactivity was seen with the following organisms.

Ascaris lumbricoides and with eggs (21) Entamoeba bangladeshi (3) Blastocystis hominis (12) Entamoeba coli (13) Cryptosporidium spp. (30) Entamoeba moshkovskii (3)

Giardia spp. (45) Iodamoeba bütschlii (10) Trichuris trichiura eggs (11)

# Strain Specific Study

The specificity of the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test was also evaluated by examining the reactivity of pathogenic (Entamoeba histolytica) and non-pathogenic (Entamoeba dispar) zymodemes (strains) for reactivity by standard curve dilutions. E. histolytica results were positive from 244 to 30.5 pathogenic zymodemes $( { \mathsf { P } } Z { \mathsf { s } } ) / { \mathsf { m L } }$ and the E. dispar results were negative at all dilutions beginning at 2440 non-pathogenic zymodemes (NPZs)/mL. The E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test demonstrates proper reactivity with Entamoeba histolytica and does not cross-react with Entamoeba dispar.

Additionally, due to the similarity in morphology, 3 specimens identified by PCR as positive for Entamoeba moshkovskii and 3 postive for Entamoeba bangladeshi were evaluated using the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test. These 6 specimens all tested negative in the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test.

# Interfering Substances (U.S. Formulation)

The following substances had no effect on positive or negative test results analyzed at the concentrations indicated:

Barium sulfate $( 5 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ , Benzalkonium Chloride $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Ciprofloxacin $( 0 . 2 5 \%$ w/v), Ethanol $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Hog gastric mucin $( 3 . 5 \%$ w/v), Human blood $( 4 0 \% \lor / \lor )$ , Hydrocortisone $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Imodium® $( 5 \%$ v/v), Kaopectate® $( 5 \% \lor / \lor )$ , Leukocytes $( 0 . 0 5 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ , Maalox® Advanced $( 5 \%$ v/v), Mesalazine $( 1 0 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ , Metronidazole $( 0 . 2 5 \%$ w/v), Mineral Oil ( $10 \%$ w/v), Mylanta® (4.2 $\mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ , Naproxen Sodium $5 \%$ w/v), Nonoxynol-9 ( $40 \%$ w/v), Nystatin $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Palmitic Acid/Fecal Fat $40 \%$ w/v), Pepto-Bismol® $( 5 \% \lor / \lor )$ , Phenylephrine $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Polyethylene glycol 3350 ( $10 \%$ w/v ), Priolsec ${ \mathsf { O T C } } ^ { \otimes }$ $( 5 \mu 9 / \mathrm { m L } )$ , Sennosides ( $1 \%$ w/v), Simethicone ( $10 \%$ w/v), Steric Acid/Fecal Fat $( 4 0 \% \nu / \nu )$ , Tagamet® $( 5 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L } )$ , TUMS $( 5 0 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L } )$ , Human Urine $( 5 \%$ v/v), and Vancomycin $( 0 . 2 5 \%$ w/v).

# Precision – Intra-assay

For the determination of intra-assay performance, twelve human fecal specimens were analyzed by the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test. Of these twelve specimens, six were positive for E. histolytica of varying levels (low, moderate, and high) and six were negative for E. histolytica. Each specimen was assayed five times in the same test run, using two different kit lots. A positive and negative control was run with each panel. All positive samples remained positive and all negative samples remained negative. The overall correlation between the results was $100 \%$ .

# Precision – Inter-assay

For the determination of inter-assay performance, eight human fecal specimens were analyzed by the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK test. The samples included 2 negative samples, 2 high negative samples, 2 low positive samples and 2 moderate positive samples. The samples were tested, twice a day by multiple technicians over a 12-day period using 2 different kit lots. A positive and negative control was run on each day. All positive samples remained positive and all negative samples remained negative.

# Prozone

To ensure that a high concentration of E. histolytica antigen does not interfere with a positive reaction in the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test, high samples were prepared by spiking a negative fecal pool at a concentration possibly observed in clinical specimens. A total of 5 different dilutions of the antigen, up to and including the clinically observed high concentration, were prepared and tested in triplicate. The results demonstrated that there was no overall prozone affect, that elevated levels of antigen did not affect the detection of the antigen.

# Fresh versus Frozen Samples

The effect of long term frozen specimen storage on antigen stability was evaluated. For the analysis, a total of 15 fecal specimens were tested with the E. HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test. The fecal specimens consisted of 3 negative fecal samples, 3 E. histolytica high negative fecal samples, 3 E. histolytica low positive fecal samples, 3 E. histolytica moderate positive fecal samples, and 3 E. histolytica high positive fecal samples. Samples were prepared and stored $\leq$ - $\cdot 1 0 ^ { \circ } C$ at 0, 1, and 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24 and 28 weeks. No conversion of positive-to-negative or negative-to-positive was observed in any of the samples at the specified time points.

# Conclusion

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical and clinical tests demonstrate that the $E$ . HISTOLYTICA QUIK CHEK™ test is as safe and as effective and performs as well or better than the predicate devices and composite reference method used in the evaluations. The information submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.