# March 31, 2017

Great Basin Scientific, Inc. Suzette Chance 2441 S. 3850 West Suite 100 Salt Lake City, UT 84120

Re: K170284 Trade/Device Name: Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZZ Dated: December January 26, 2017 Received: January 30, 2017

Dear Ms. Chance:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

for Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Bordetella pertussis DNA from nasopharyngeal swab specimens obtained from patients suspected of having a respiratory tract infection attributable to $B$ . pertussis.

The Bordetella Direct Test is performed on the PA500 Portrait Analyzer and utilizes PCR amplification of the insertion sequence IS481. The IS481 sequence is also found in other organisms including Bordetella holmesii or Bordetella bronchiseptica. Respiratory infection with $B$ . pertussis, B. holmesii or B. bronchiseptica may yield positive test results with IS481 assays. B. holmesii infection may cause clinical illness similar to $B$ . pertussis, and mixed outbreaks involving both $B .$ . pertussis and $B$ . holmesii infection have been reported. Additional testing should be performed if necessary to differentiate $B$ . holmesii and $B$ . pertussis. B. bronchiseptica is a rare cause of infection in humans. When clinical factors suggest that $B$ . pertussis may not be the cause of respiratory infection, other clinically appropriate investigation(s) should be carried out in accordance with published guidelines.

Negative results for the Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test do not preclude $B$ . pertussis infection and positive results do not rule out co-infection with other respiratory pathogens. Results from the Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test should be used in conjunction with information obtained during the patient's clinical evaluation as an aid in diagnosis of Bordetella pertussis infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5.0 510(k) Summary – Bordetella Direct Test

# A. Submitted by:

Great Basin Corporation 2441 South 3850 West Salt Lake City, Utah 84120

# Contact Information

Suzette Chance, PhD Senior Director of Clinical Affairs Great Basin Scientific 2441 S. 3850 West Salt Lake City, Utah 84120 Phone: 385-215-3369 Email: schance@gbscience.com

# B. Name of Device

Proprietary Name: Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test Common or Usual Names: Bordetella Test

# C. Regulatory Information:

a. Regulation Section:

21 CFR 866.3980, Respiratory viral panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay   
21 CFR 862.2570 – Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems

b. Classification:

Class II (Bordetella Direct Test) Class II (PA500 Portrait Analyzer System)

c. Classification panel: Product Code:

Microbiology Devices, OIVD (83) Microbiology   
OZZ Bordetella pertussis Nucleic Acid Amplification Assay System   
OOI Real-Time Nucleic Amplification System

# D. Intended use(s)/Indications for Use:

The Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Bordetella pertussis DNA from nasopharyngeal swab specimens obtained from patients suspected of having a respiratory tract infection attributable to B. pertussis.

The Bordetella Direct Test is performed on the PA500 Portrait™ Analyzer and utilizes PCR amplification of the insertion sequence IS481. The IS481 sequence is also found in other organisms including Bordetella holmesii or Bordetella bronchiseptica. Respiratory infection with B.pertussis, B. holmesii or B. bronchiseptica may yield positive test results in IS481 assays. B. holmesii infection may cause clinical illness similar to B. pertussis, and mixed outbreaks involving both B. pertussis and B. holmesii infection have been reported. Additional testing should be performed if necessary to differentiate B. holmesii and B. pertussis. B. bronchiseptica is a rare cause of infection in humans. When clinical factors suggest that B. pertussis may not be the cause of respiratory infection, other clinically appropriate investigation(s) should be carried out in accordance with published guidelines.

Negative results for the Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test do not preclude B. pertussis infection and positive results do not rule out co-infection with other respiratory pathogens. Results from the Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test should be used in conjunction with information obtained during the patient's clinical evaluation as an aid in diagnosis of Bordetella pertussis infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

# E. Device Description:

# Test Principle:

The Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test on the PA500 Portrait™ Analyzer System utilizes automated hot-start PCR technology to target and amplify the IS481 insertion sequence of B. pertussis. Genomic DNA is extracted from microbial cells and diluted to reduce potential inhibitors of PCR. During PCR, double-stranded DNA is separated and the target nucleic acid sequence is amplified by thermal cycling using biotin-labeled primers that target the IS481 sequence for identification of B. pertussis. Following PCR, biotin-labeled amplicon is hybridized to sequencespecific capture probes immobilized on the silicon chip surface, then incubated with anti-biotin antibody conjugated to the horseradish peroxidase enzyme (HRP). The unbound conjugate is washed away and tetramethylbenzidine (TMB) is added to produce a visible precipitate at the location of the probe/target sequence complex. The resulting signal is detected by the automated Portrait™ Optical Reader within the PA500 Portrait™ Analyzer System. The Specimen Processing Control (SPC), undergoes the extraction, amplification, and detection steps to monitor for inhibitory substances as well as process inefficiency due to instrument or reagent failure. No operator intervention is necessary once the clinical sample is loaded into the sample port and the Bordetella Direct Test cartridge is loaded into the Portrait Analyzer.

# Test Device:

The PA500 Portrait™ Analyzer System is a fully automated system that includes: The Portrait™ Analyzer, single-use Bordetella Direct Test Cartridges, and the Portrait™ Data Analysis Software Program. The Portrait™ System is designed to perform automated sample preparation, PCR, and optical chip-based detection with integrated data analysis in less than two hours. The Portrait System was granted 510(k) clearance for the Portrait Toxigenic C. difficile Assay (K113358), Portrait GBS Assay (K143312), Staph ID/R Blood Culture Panel (K152470) and the Shiga Toxin Direct Test (K152955).

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">F. Substantial Equivalence Information:Predicate Device: illumigene® Pertussis DNA Amplification Assay (K133673)The following table provides a comparison of the Bordetella Direct Test and the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature/Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella Direct Test (K170284)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K133673)Illumigene® Pertussis Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Great Basin Scientific, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meridian Biosciences, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">illumigene® Pertussis DNA AmplificationAssay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133673</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class ⅡI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/ Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test is aqualitative in vitro diagnostic test for thedetection of Bordetella pertussis DNA fromnasopharyngeal swab specimens obtainedfrom patients suspected of havingrespiratory tract infection attributable to B.pertussis.The Bordetella Direct Test is performed onthe PA500 Portrait™ Analyzer and utilizesPCR amplification of the insertionsequence IS481. The IS481 sequence isalso found in other organisms includingBordetella holmesii or Bordetellabronchiseptica. Respiratory infection withB.pertussis, B. holmesii or B.bronchiseptica may yield positive testresults in IS481 assays. B. holmesiiinfection may cause clinical illness similarto B. pertussis, and mixed outbreaksinvolving both B. pertussis and B. holmesiiinfection have been reported. Additionaltesting should be performed if necessaryto differentiate B. holmesii and B.pertussis. B. bronchiseptica is a rarecause of infection in humans. Whenclinical factors suggest that B. pertussismay not be the cause of respiratoryinfection, other clinically appropriateinvestigation(s) should be carried out inaccordance with published guidelines.Negative results for the Great BasinBordetella Direct Test do not preclude B.pertussis infection and positive results donot rule out co-infection with otherrespiratory pathogens. Results from theGreat Basin Bordetella Direct Test shouldbe used in conjunction with informationobtained during the patient's clinicalevaluation as an aid in diagnosis ofBordetella pertussis infection and shouldnot be used as the sole basis for treatmentor other patient management decisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The illumigene Pertussis DNAAmplification Assay, performed on theillumipro-10™, is a qualitative in vitrodiagnostic test for the direct detection ofBordetella pertussis in humannasopharyngeal swab samples taken frompatients suspected of having respiratorytract infection attributable to Bordetellapertussis.The illumigene Pertussis assay utilizesloop-mediated isothermal DNAamplification (LAMP) technology to detectB. pertussis by targeting the IS481insertional element of the B. pertussisgenome. The IS481 insertional elementcan also be found in B. holmesii and someB. bronchiseptica strains. Respiratoryinfections with B. pertussis, B. holmesii orB. bronchiseptica may yield positive testresults in IS481 assays. B. holmesiiinfection may cause clinical illness similarto B. pertussis, and mixed outbreaksinvolving both B. pertussis and B. holmesiiinfection have been reported. Additionaltesting should be performed if necessaryto differentiate B. holmesii and B.pertussis. B. bronchiseptica is a rarecause of infection in humans. Whenclinical factors suggest that B. pertussismay not be the cause of respiratoryinfection, other clinically appropriateinvestigation(s) should be carried out inaccordance with published guidelines.Negative results for the illumigenePertussis DNA Amplification Assay do notpreclude Bordetella pertussis infection andpositive results do not rule out co-infectionwith other respiratory pathogens. Resultsfrom the illumigenePertussis assay should be used inconjunction with information obtainedduring the patient's clinical evaluation asan aid in diagnosis of B. pertussis infectionand should not be used as the sole basisfor treatment or other patientmanagement decisions.illumigene Pertussis is intended for use inhospital, reference or state laboratorysettings. The device is not intended forpoint-of-care use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature/Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella Direct Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K133673)Illumigene® Pertussis Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative/Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable, single-use, self-containedfluidic cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">illumigene® Test Device with TEST andCONTROL chambers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab (rayon, nylon orflocked</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target SequenceDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IS481</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Lysis and DNAExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA AmplificationTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loop-mediated amplification (LAMP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric target specific hybridization toprobe on a chip surface, optical reader,automated software with built-in resultinterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measures the change in light transmissiondue to turbidity formation which is a by-product of the amplification reaction.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One internal assay control - SPC (wholeorganism). The SPC controls for allanalytical steps in the procedure, includingDNA extraction from organisms present inthe specimen, amplification of target DNAsequences, hybridization, and detection onthe chip surface.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One internal control (S. aureus DNA) tomonitor amplification inhibition, assayreagent performance and sampleprocessing effectiveness.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA500 Portrait ™ Analyzer System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Illumipro-10'</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~100 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 - 70 minutes</td></tr></table>

The following summarizes the differences and similarities between the Bordetella Direct Test and the predicate device:

The Bordetella Direct Test is similar to the illumigene $\textcircled{8}$ Pertussis Assay in the following ways:

The Bordetella Direct Test and the illumigene® Pertussis Assay have similar Intended Uses and both detect the B. pertussis analyte. • The Bordetella Direct Test and the illumigene® Pertussis Assay are both qualitative, automated nucleic acid based tests. The Bordetella Direct Test and the illumigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Pertussis Assay both target the IS481 DNA sequence of the B. pertussis genome. The Bordetella Direct Test and the illumigene $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Pertussis Assay use the same sample type (nasopharyngeal swab – rayon, nylon or flocked).

The Bordetella Direct Test differs from the illumigene® Pertussis Assay in the following:

The Bordetella Direct Test uses automated sample lysis and DNA extraction whereas these are manual steps in the illumigene® Pertussis Assay. The Bordetella Direct Test uses hot start PCR for nucleic acid amplification whereas the illumigene® Pertussis Assay used Isothermal Loop-mediated amplification (LAMP).

# G. Performance Summary – Analytical Studies a. Analytical Sensitivity

The Analytical Sensitivity as defined by the limit of detection (LoD) of the Bordetella Direct Test was assessed by testing three (3) B. pertussis strains: ATCC 8467, ATCC 9797 and ATCC BAA-589. The limit of detection (LoD) is defined as the lowest number of colony forming units (CFU) that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples with $9 5 \%$ confidence, or the lowest concentration at which 19/20 replicates are positive.

The B. pertussis strains were prepared using fresh isolates from Bordet-Gengou (BG) agar plates incubated for 3-5 days at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until colony isolates were visible. The colony isolates were suspended and vortexed in Mueller Hinton II Broth (MH II) to create a uniform cell suspension with an optical density $( \mathsf { O D 6 0 0 } \mathsf { n m } )$ of 0.05, then serially diluted in MH II to a targeted cell concentration based on the OD600 nm value. The targeted cell concentration was spiked into natural negative nasopharyngeal (NP) matrix collected in Viral Transport Media (VTM) for testing. The tested sample cell concentrations $( \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ were determined by plating and enumerating on BG agar plates. The LoDs for each strain tested is shown in Table 1.

Table 1. Bordetella Direct Test Limit of Detection (LoD)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussis ATCCStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BordetellapertussisDETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9797</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 x 103</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The established LoD for the Bordetella Direct Test for the detection of B. pertussis is between $1 . 6 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ and $3 . 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ with an average LoD of $2 . 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ .

# b. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The Bordetella Direct Test Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) was confirmed by testing an additional eight (8) B. pertussis strains beyond the three (3) tested in the Analytical Sensitivity Study.

B. pertussis cultures were prepared and enumerated as described in the LoD Study. All testing was conducted in a natural negative NP matrix collected in VTM. Each strain was tested in triplicate at a targeted range of approximately 2-3X LoD based on the $2 . 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ average LoD obtained in the LoD study. The concentrations tested along with the results from the Inclusivity Study are shown in Table 2.

Table 2. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Panel Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration tested(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussisDETETED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC8478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC9340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC10380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12742</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC51445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC53894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1335</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Zeptometrix A639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The Bordetella Direct Test correctly identified the additional eight (8) organisms tested in the Inclusivity Study indicating that the Bordetella Direct Test can detect additional strains of B. pertussis.

# c. Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The potential for cross-reactivity was evaluated in an Exclusivity Study, by testing non-target organisms commonly found in the human respiratory system in the Bordetella Direct Test. The study included 90 organisms including 48 bacteria, 20 viruses, 2 yeast, 19 Bordetella species (non-B. pertussis) and human genomic DNA. For those organisms that were classified as Biosafety level III, unavailable as intact organisms or difficult to culture via standard clinical microbiology techniques, genomic DNA was tested in place of whole organism.

Whole organism stocks were prepared at high concentrations in liquid media appropriate for each organism. The liquid media stocks were enumerated and frozen at ${ \tt s } { \tt - } 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until testing. On the day of testing, each organism or nucleic acid stock was thawed and spiked into a natural negative NP matrix collected in VTM.

All bacterial and yeast strains were tested at concentrations $\geq 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ . Genomic DNA and viral strains were tested at $\geq 1 . 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ genomic copies/mL and $\geq 1 . 6 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ TCID50 respectively. A minimum of three (3) replicates were tested for each organism evaluated for cross-reactivity. The results from the testing, including specific concentration at which each organism was tested are shown in Tables 3 and 4.

Table 3. Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity) Study Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain ID</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected NegativeResults /Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23055</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5x10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actinomyces odontolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17929</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10 }$CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1784</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23745</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bordetella avium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ATCC 35086</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7× 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15237</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15311</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ATCC 15989</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 53892</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 53893</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-587</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix A747</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bordetella petrii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ATCC BAA-461</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bordetella trematum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ATCC 700309</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25416</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-879D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10^8}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diptheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13812</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.3 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15038</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13047</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29212</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8.6 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43895</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9006</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus parainfluenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33392</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.6 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1705</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.1 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4356</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8014</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.6 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33152D-5</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10^ copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8176</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.8 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25829</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.3 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25177D-2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.1 x 10' copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15531D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.0 x 10' copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19424</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.2 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13077</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.2 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Pandoraea oxalativorans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">DSM-23570</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">5.3 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">5.3 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27337</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">5.9 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25933</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8.4 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6896</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.2 x 10'CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10145</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.3 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas flourescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13525</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.8 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35551</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.3 x 10  CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33591</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25923</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.6 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis (MS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12228</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.4 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13637</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.0 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33397</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.2 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33317</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae sspdysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43078</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.5 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae sspequisimilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35666</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">5.5 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27335</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.4 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13770</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.3 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25175</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.5 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6303</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49399</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2593</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">cYanmaGllow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-846D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8.5 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-740D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.2 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-169</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-538D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1734D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3247SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-539D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-540D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10  TCID50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Bocavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3251SD</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.8 x 10' copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3250SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1738D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5*T</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1813D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.2 x 101 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-24D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.6 x 101 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-106D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.3 x 101 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-94D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-92D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-93D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.9 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected NegativeResults /Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1540D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MBC091</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella Zoster Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1367D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x 10° copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Yeast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 18804</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3†</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC HTB-20D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8 x 10' copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">*This set of test runs also contained one 'Test incomplete' run.*This set of test runs also contained one 'Invalid' run.</td></tr></table>

The Bordetella Direct Test correctly reported ‘Bordetella pertussis NOT DETECTED’ for all replicates reported in Table 3 as expected, with the following exceptions:

Unexpected ‘Bordetella pertussis DETECTED’ results were initially observed for one (1) of two (2) replicates for B. parapertussis (ATCC 15989), two (2) of three (3) replicates for B. avium (ATCC 35086) and B. petrii (ATCC BAA-461), and three (3) of three (3) replicates for B. trematum (ATCC 700309). For these unexpected positives, an additional three (3) replicates were tested with a new preparation to test the veracity of the positive results. When the retesting gave the expected negative result for all three (3) replicates instead of the positive result seen with the first test, a minimum of ten (10) more replicates were tested to confirm the negative result. All testing done with new preparations yielded ‘Bordetella pertussis NOT DETECTED’ results. The negative results from new preparations suggest original positive results were likely due to sample contamination. These data demonstrate that B. avium, B. petrii, B. trematum, and B. parapertussis do not cross-react in the Bordetella Direct Test.

Testing for analytical specificity was also performed on three Bordetella (non-B. pertussis) species identified as potentially cross-reacting: Bordetella bronchiseptica, Bordetella holmesii, and Bordetella hinzii. Species were defined as potentially cross-reacting based on the presence of the IS481 insertion sequence reported in a subset of strains for these species. The results are summarized in Table 4.

Table 4. Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity) Results for Potential Cross-Reacting Strains   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Cross-ReactingOrganism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveResults/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19395</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 x 10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 4617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 x 10&#x27;CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 x 10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/10</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bordetella holmesii</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 700052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 x 10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bordetella holmesii</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 700053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 x 10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 x 10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella holmesii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51541</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 x 10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella hinzii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 x 10&#x27; CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bordetella hinzii</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 51784</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 x 10&#x27;CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>*This set of test runs also contained one &#x27;Test incomplete&#x27; run.</td></tr></table>

For B. bronchiseptica, three strains were tested: ATCC 19395, ATCC 4617, and ATCC BAA-588 (Table 4). For ATCC 19395, all three (3) replicates gave a ‘B. pertussis NOT DETECTED’ result, demonstrating no cross-reactivity. For ATCC 4617, all three (3) replicates gave a result of ‘B. pertussis DETECTED.’ A second preparation was tested and cross-reactivity of ATCC 4617 was confirmed. For ATCC BAA-588, two (2) out of three (3) replicates gave a result of ‘B. pertussis DETECTED.’ A second preparation was tested, and all three (3) results were ‘B. pertussis NOT DETECTED.’ Due to the confounding results, another ten replicates were tested, and ‘B. pertussis NOT DETECTED’ results were obtained for all replicates confirming no cross-reactivity for ATCC BAA-588. In total, cross-reactivity was observed in one (1) of three (3) B. bronchiseptica strains.

For B. holmesii, three strains were tested: ATCC 700052, ATCC 700053, and ATCC 51541 (Table 4). For both ATCC 700052 and ATCC 700053, all three (3) replicates gave a result of $^ { \circ } B .$ . pertussis DETECTED.’ Cross-reactivity was confirmed upon retest for both ATCC 700052 and 700053 with three (3) replicates each. For ATCC 51541, the result for all three (3) replicates was also ‘B. pertussis DETECTED,” agreeing with the previous B. holmesii results. In total, cross-reactivity was observed for all three (3) B. holmesii strains.

For B. hinzii, two strains were tested: ATCC 51730 and ATCC 51784 (Table 4). For ATCC 51730, all three (3) replicates gave a ‘B. pertussis NOT DETECTED’ result, as expected from the in silico analysis. For ATCC 51784, the first test triplicate gave ‘B. pertussis DETECTED’ results. Since this was unexpected, repeat testing was performed in triplicate on ATCC 51784, and the retest results confirmed the ‘B. pertussis DETECTED’ results. Further investigation revealed that this particular B. hinzii strain (ATCC 51784), isolated from chickens and a known avian pathogen (Register, KB, Kunkle RA, Avian Diseases. 53:50-54, 2009), has been reported in the literature to have a weak IS481- positive signal (Roorda et. al., BMC Res Notes. 4:11, 2011), Therefore, the observed cross-reactivity is consistent with the presence of the IS481 insertion sequence. Specific in silico analysis on this strain could not be performed because an accession number does not exist in the NCBI database.

Further investigation of the negative-resulting B. hinzii strain (ATCC 51730) revealed that this a clinical isolate from a blood sample of an AIDS patient (isolated from human blood, AIDS patient; Vandamme et al., Int J. Syst. Bacteriol. 45: 37- 45, 1995). The entire sequenced genome of this isolate is found in the NCBI database (strain F582, accession number CP012076), allowing for specific in silico analysis. In silico analysis demonstrated partial homology with the reverse primer, but no homology with the forward primer, consistent with the negative result.

In summary, cross-reactivity was observed for one (1) of three (3) B. bronchiseptica strains (ATCC 4617), three (3) of three (3) B. holmesii strains (ATCC 700052, 700053, and 51541), and one (1) of two (2) B. hinzii strains (ATCC 51784). These results are likely due to the presence of the IS481 insertion sequence reported in a subset of strains for these species. This is noted in Section 11 for $B$ . bronchiseptica and B. holmesii (in silico Analysis for Bordetella Direct Test) and in the literature for B. hinzii ATCC 51784, a pathogen which mainly infects avian species.

Conclusion: All organisms shown in Table 3 gave the expected ‘B. pertussis NOT DETECTED’ result indicating that there was no cross-reactivity in the Bordetella Direct Test. Organisms known to potentially contain the IS481 sequence showed some cross-reactivity in the Bordetella Direct Test (Table 4), including B. bronchiseptica, B. holmesii, and B. hinzii. This cross-reactivity is listed as a limitation in the product labeling (Section 13), with the exception of B. hinzii which is mainly an avian pathogen.

# d. Microbial Interference

The potential for cross-reactivity in a mixed infection was evaluated in a Microbial Interference Study by testing a subset of the organisms used in the Exclusivity Study in the Bordetella Direct Test in the presence of B. pertussis.

Similar to the Exclusivity Study, bacteria, virus, yeast and human genomic DNA were prepared at high concentrations $( > 1 \times \dot { 1 } 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL, genomic copies/mL or TCID50) in a natural negative NP matrix collected in VTM. Samples were prepared by spiking B. pertussis (ATCC 9797) to a final concentration of $4 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL (2.5X LoD) in the presence of each high concentration non-B. pertussis organism or genomic DNA. A total of 84 organisms (48 bacteria, 19 viruses, 2 yeast, 14 Bordetella strains (non-B. pertussis) and human genomic DNA were evaluated.

A minimum of three (3) replicates of each sample were tested. The specific concentrations at which each organism was evaluated along with the results are shown in Table 5.

Table 5. Microbial Interference Study Results: Organisms Tested in the Presence of 2.5X LoD B. pertussis   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain ID</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Non-Target MicrobeInput Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected PositiveResults/Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">cYanmaGllow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19606</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23055</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19002</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.2 x 10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actinomyces odontolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17929</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10}$CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1784</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23745</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella avium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35086</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-588</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella hinzii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51730</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15237</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15311</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15989</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 53892</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 53893</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-587</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix A747</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella petrii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-461</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella trematum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700309</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25416</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-879D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diptheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.3 x 10 }$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15038</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.6 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus parainfluenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33392</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1705</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.1 x 10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4356</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.1 x 10^}$CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8014</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.6 x 10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33152D-5</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10f}$copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8176</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.8 x 10}$CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25829</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.3 x 10CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25177D-2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4.1 x 10copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15531D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.0 x 10copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19424</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pandoraea oxalativorans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM-23570</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27337</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25933</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6896</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas flourescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35551</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33591</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/m</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25923</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis (MS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13637</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33397</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33317</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae sspdysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43078</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae sspequismilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35666</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27335</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13770</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6303</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49399</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2593</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-846D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.5 x 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-740D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-169</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x 10' copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-538D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1734D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3247SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-539D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-540D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Bocavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3251SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3250SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1738D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1813D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-24D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-106D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-94D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-92D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1540D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.9 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MBC091</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella Zoster Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1367D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 18804</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 x 10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC HTB-20D</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.8 x 10' copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">* This set of test runs also contained one 'Test incomplete' run.</td></tr></table>

All organisms shown in Table 5 gave the expected ‘Bordetella pertussis DETECTED’ result demonstrating that there was no interference in the Bordetella Direct Test, with one exception. One (1) of three (3) replicates tested with M. tuberculosis reported ‘Bordetella pertussis as ‘NOT DETECTED’. Additional testing with 11 replicates yielded the expected ‘Bordetella pertussis DETECTED’ results, demonstrating that M. tuberculosis does not interfere with the Bordetella Direct Test.

Conclusion: No interference in the Bordetella Direct Test was observed with the organisms tested in Table 5 at the concentrations indicated.

# e. Interfering Substances

A panel of 19 chemical substances commonly used or present in patients with upper respiratory conditions were evaluated for interference with the Bordetella Direct Test.

Samples were prepared by mixing B. pertussis (ATCC 9797) at $4 . 0 \ \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL (2.5X LoD) contrived in a natural negative NP matrix collected in VTM with each substance. A clinical negative sample was also tested as a control to evaluate potential interference of each substance with the internal Sample Processing Control (SPC) in the absence of analyte. Each sample was tested in triplicate. The chemical substances, test concentration (mg/mL or $\%$ ), and results are listed in Table 6.

Table 6. Interfering Substances Study Results   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Expected Results/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisDÉTECTED(2.5X LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepacol Sore Throat Pain Relief Lozenges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Children&#x27;s Dimetapp Cold &amp; Allergy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloraseptic Max Sore Throat Lozenges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine HCI, 25mg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flonase Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin (Bovine Submaxillary Gland, Type I-S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NasalCrom Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaseline Petroleum Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Releev Cold Sore Treatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Robitussin Cough Syrup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline Nasal Moisturizing Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sucrets Complete Lozenges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vicks Vapor Rub</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood (human), EDTA anticoagulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>*This set of test runs contained one &#x27;Test incomplete&#x27; run.</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: No interference in the Bordetella Direct Test was observed for the 19 substances tested at the concentrations shown in Table 6.

# f. Carry-over/Cross-Contamination

The Bordetella Direct Test was evaluated for carry-over/cross-contamination by testing a series of alternating high positive and negative samples for 20 consecutive runs on 2 separate Analyzers for a total of 40 runs. The high positive and negative samples were prepared as follows:

• High Positive: B. pertussis $1 . 5 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ in natural negative NP matrix collected in VTM Negative: natural negative NP matrix collected in VTM

The results are shown in Table 7.

Table 7. Carry-over/Cross-contamination Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bordetella pertussis Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Portrait Analyzer 5.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Portrait Analyzer 5.435</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Runs Per Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Runs for Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>40</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The expected results were obtained in each run. No carry-over or cross- contamination was observed in the Bordetella Direct Test.

# g. Swab, Transport Media and Elution Buffer Equivalency Studies

Two studies were conducted to demonstrate the equivalency between various swab types, transport media types and elution buffers. In the first study, various types of swabs, transport media and elution buffers were tested for potential interference in the Bordetella Direct Test. To test the transport media and elution buffers, samples were prepared by mixing B. pertussis (ATCC 9797) at $4 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL $( 2 . 5 \mathsf { X } \mathsf { L o D } )$ with each transport media or elution buffer. To test for interference of the swabs, each swab type was inserted into natural negative NP matrix that was spiked with B. pertussis (ATCC 9797) at $4 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL (2.5X LoD). A clinical negative sample was also tested as a control to evaluate potential interference of each substance with the internal assay control (SPC) in the absence of analyte. Each sample was tested in triplicate. The swab types, media and elution buffers tested along with the study results are shown in Table 8. Note: Copan UTM is the same transport media as BD Universal VTM and therefore was not also tested.

Table 8. Swab, Transport Media and Elution Buffer Interference Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Expected Results/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisDETECTED(2.5X LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flocked Nylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rayon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisDETECTED(2.5X LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4RT VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M6 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Universal VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elution Buffer Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisDETECTED(2.5X LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Molecular grade water</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x Phosphate Buffered Saline (PBS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85% Saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tris-EDTA (TE) Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>*This set of test runs contained one &#x27;Test incomplete&#x27; run</td></tr></table>

Results: None of the swabs, transport media or elution buffers demonstrated interference in the Bordetella Direct Test.

In a separate study the Bordetella Direct Test was evaluated using the following 3 distinct combinations of nasopharyngeal swab types and transport/elution media:

Polyester swab with Viral Transport Media (M5 VTM) Flocked nylon NP swab with Liquid Amies transport media (ESwab) Rayon swab in Liquid Stuart transport media, eluted in water

Each swab/media combination listed above was collected as clinical negative NP matrix. B. pertussis strains (ATCC 8467, ATCC 9797, and ATCC BAA-589) were used to prepare contrived samples in the above 3 swab/media combinations. Positive samples were prepared by the addition of each B. pertussis strain at varying LoDs in clinical negative NP matrix. The negative clinical matrix served as the negative sample. Each unique sample was tested in triplicate in the Bordetella Direct Test. The test conditions and results are shown in Table 9.

Table 9. Swab, Transport Media and Elution Buffer Equivalence Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sample Type, Concentration, Expected Results/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport/ElutionMedia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisATCC 8467(2.1X LoD)6.9 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisATCC 9797(4.5X LoD)7.3 x 10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussisATCC BAA-589(1.9X LoD)4.3 x 10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM (3mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab (1mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FlockedNylon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart /Eluted in water (1mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rayon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

Results: There was $100 \%$ agreement with the expected results demonstrating equivalent performance of the Bordetella Direct Test with various swab and media combinations tested.

Conclusion: The Bordetella Direct Test is compatible with the following types of swabs: Polyester, Rayon, Flocked Nylon and with the following type of transport media: VTM (M4, M4RT, M5, M6), BD Universal VTM, Copan UTM, ESwab (Liquid Amies) and Liquid Stuart. Samples stored in VTM or ESwab are eluted in the same transport media. Samples stored in Liquid Stuart can be eluted with $1 . 0 \mathsf { m L }$ of any of the following: Molecular Grade water, PBS, $0 . 8 \%$ Saline or Tris-EDTA (TE) buffer.

# h. Sample Stability and Storage

Sample stability studies were conducted to support the storage conditions stated in the product labeling.

The B. pertussis positive and negative samples prepared in the second Swab, Transport Media and Elution Buffer Equivalency Study were also used to evaluate sample stability at room temperature (20 - $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) and at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . Aliquots of each sample type were tested at the time of preparation $( \mathsf { T } _ { 0 } )$ , then stored at room temperature (RT) for 24, 48 and 72 hrs or refrigerated $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ for 24, 48, 72, 96 and 168 hrs. Samples were tested in triplicate at each time point. Results from the room temperature and refrigerated stability studies are listed in Tables 10 and 11, respectively.

Table 10. Sample Stability Study: Room Temperature Storage   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Time Point (hrs), Expected Results/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain Tested andConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC 8467(6.9 x 10³ CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC 9797(7.3 x 10³ CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-589(4.3 x 10³ CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>*This set of test runs also contains one &#x27;Test incomplete&#x27; run.*This set of test runs also contains one &#x27;Invalid&#x27; run.</td></tr></table>

Table 11. Sample Stability Study: ${ 2 / 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ Storage   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Time Point (hrs), Expected Results/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain Tested andConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC 8467(6.9 x 10³ CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC 9797(7.3 x 10³3 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-589(4.3 x 103 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3†</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M5 VTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ESwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Stuart</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2†</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Th   t ns o cni  Te iplee&#x27;.*This set of test runs also contained one &#x27;Invalid&#x27; run.</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The results demonstrated $100 \%$ agreement with the expected results for all samples tested at each time point. These results support the specimen storage claims in the Product Insert of 48 hours at room temperature or $\leq 1 2 0$ hours at ${ 2 / 8 } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# i. Reproducibility

A Reproducibility Study was conducted at three clinical study sites. Two of the testing sites were external sites (Site 4: Providence Health Services Oregon and Site 5: Indiana University School of Medicine) and the third site was internal (Site 6: Great Basin Scientific). The study incorporated several variables including 6 different operators at 3 sites (2 operators/site), 33 different Portrait Analyzers and 3 different Cartridge lots.

A panel consisting of three (3) different samples: a low positive (B. pertussis at 1.9X LoD) a moderate positive (B. pertussis at $3 . 8 \mathsf X$ LoD) prepared in negative clinical matrix collected in VTM and a negative sample (negative clinical matrix collected in VTM) were tested in the Bordetella Direct Test. Each operator tested each sample in triplicate over five (5) non-consecutive days. Six (6) different operators performed the testing.

The results were analyzed for percent agreement of positive or negative results, by operator, by site and in total (overall) and are shown in Table 12.

Table 12. Reproducibility Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCorrectResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>sodes ertts ss epg</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>(ood Mo)01x6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/9010%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15*†</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>(oosd eeon)37X8</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Neee eeba</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>90/9010%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>tThis set of test runs also</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>*This set of test runs also contained one &#x27;Test Incomplete&#x27; run.contained one &#x27;Invalid&#x27;</td></tr></table>

† This set of test runs also contained one ‘Invalid’ run.

Conclusion: There was $100 \%$ agreement of results between replicates, runs, operators and sites.

# H. Performance Summary – Clinical Studies

The clinical performance of the Bordetella Direct Test was evaluated in a multi-site clinical study. The evaluation included a Prospective and a Frozen Retrospective method comparison study. These studies compared the performance of the Bordetella Direct Test to an FDA cleared Nucleic Acid Amplification Test for the detection of Bordetella pertussis (Reference NAAT). Discrepant results were investigated by testing in a second FDA cleared NAAT (NAAT 2) which also detects Bordetella pertussis.

The Prospective study was conducted at four external, geographically-diverse U.S. clinical study sites (Northwest, Southwest, Midwest, West) from July, 2016 to January, 2017. The specimens enrolled in the Prospective study were excess, de-identified nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens collected in VTM that were submitted for standard of care B. pertussis testing and which would have otherwise been discarded. A total of 936 samples were collected for all four sites combined. Subsequent to enrollment, 21 samples were excluded from the data set due to improperly stored sample or failed daily QC leaving 915 samples included in the analysis.

Samples used in the Frozen Retrospective Study were frozen archived NP swab specimens collected in VTM. The specimens were de-identified specimens that were previously characterized as positive or negative by a nucleic acid amplification test used at the particular institution from which they were obtained (historical result).

The historical result for each sample was first confirmed by the Reference NAAT prior to enrolling the sample in the study. A total of 124 frozen samples were tested. Subsequent to testing, 2 samples were excluded from the data set due to failed daily QC leaving 122 samples included in the final analysis.

The results from the method comparison studies comparing the Bordetella Direct Test to the Reference NAAT are summarized in Table 13. Table 13 shows the calculated PPA and NPA and the associated $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals for the results obtained in the Prospective (Fresh) and Frozen Retrospective Study (Frozen). The number of true-positive (co-positive) and true-negative (conegative) samples is also included.

Table 13. Comparison of Bordetella Direct Test to the Reference NAAT   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Specimen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BrleagPesssss</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%(65.4% - 95.0%)18/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%(98.9% - 99.8%)890/894</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%(86.1% - 98.3%)56/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(94.3% - 100.0%)63/63</td></tr></table>

In total, there were six (6) false negative and four (4) false positive results. Two (2) of the six (6) false negatives were also negative by a second FDA cleared NAAT and two (2) of the four (4) false positives were also positive by the second FDA cleared NAAT.

# Conclusion:

In the Prospective Study, the results for 915 samples were analyzed comparing the Bordetella Direct Test to the reference NAAT. For all sites combined, the point estimate achieved for PPA was $8 5 . 7 \%$ with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $6 5 . 4 \% \textit { - } 9 5 . 0 \%$ . The point estimate for NPA was $9 9 . 6 \%$ with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $9 8 . 9 \% - 9 9 . 8 \%$ .

In the Frozen Retrospective Study, the results for 122 samples were analyzed comparing the Bordetella Direct Test to the reference NAAT. The point estimate achieved for PPA was $9 4 . 6 \%$ with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $8 6 . 1 \% - 9 8 . 3 \%$ . The point estimate for NPA was $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $9 4 . 3 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \%$ .

# I. Overall Conclusion

The submitted information in this $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ pre-market notification is complete and supports substantial equivalence for the Great Basin Bordetella Direct Test.