# May 11, 2017

Quidel Corporation   
Ronald Lollar   
Sr. Director, Clinical, Regulatory, Scientific Affairs   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701

Re: K170491 Trade/Device Name: Solana C. difficile Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3130 Regulation Name: Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZN Dated: February 16, 2017 Received: February 17, 2017

Dear Ronald Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

for Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K170491

Device Name Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C. difficile Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C. difficile Assay is an in vitro diagnostic test for the direct, qualitative detection of the Clostridium difficile Toxin A gene (tcdA) in unformed stool specimens of patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile-infection (CDI). The Solana C. difficile Assay is intended for use as an aid in diagnosis of CDI. The assay utilizes helicase-dependent amplification (HDA) for the amplification of a highly conserved fragment of the Toxin A gene sequence. The Solana C. difficile Assay is intended for use only with the Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ instrument.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical. Regulatory, Scientific Affairs   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 – Corporate number   
740-589-3373 – Desk phone   
858-552-6451– Fax   
Ron.Lollar@quidel.com

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

May 10, 2017

A. 510(k) Number: K170491   
B. Purpose for Submission: To obtain substantial equivalence for the Solana® C. difficile Assay when performed on the Solana® instrument   
C. Measurand: A highly conserved region in the ${ \sf 5 ^ { \prime } }$ end of the tcdA gene   
D. Type of Test: Helicase-dependent amplification (HDA)

# E. Applicant:

Quidel Corporation

# F. Proprietary and Established Names:

Solana® C. difficile Assay

G. Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 1.       Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OZN - Amplificationassay for thedetection ofClostridium difficiletoxin genes fromstool specimens ofsymptomaticpatients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II (SpecialControls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3130 - C. difficile NucleicAcid Amplification Test Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology (83)</td></tr></table>

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended Use(s):

The Solana® C. difficile Assay is an in vitro diagnostic test for the direct, qualitative detection of the Clostridium difficile Toxin A gene (tcdA) in unformed stool specimens of patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile-infection (CDI). The Solana C. difficile Assay is intended for use as an aid in diagnosis of CDI. The assay utilizes helicase-dependent amplification (HDA) for the amplification of a highly conserved fragment of the Toxin A gene sequence. The Solana C. difficile Assay is intended for use only with the Solana® instrument.

2. Indication(s) for Use: Same as intended Use

3. Special conditions for use statement(s):

For in vitro diagnostic use only • For prescription use only

4. Special instrument requirements:

Solana® instrument

# I. Device Description:

The Solana C. difficile Assay combines simple sample processing and Helicase-Dependent Amplification (HDA) performed in Solana for the detection of toxigenic Clostridium difficile directly from CDI-suspected diarrheal specimens.

A small amount of specimen is transferred to a Lysis Tube using a swab. The Lysis Tube is then subjected to heat-treatment at $9 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 5 minutes. The heat-treated sample is added to a Dilution Tube, and then transferred to a Reaction Tube. The Reaction Tube contains lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes. Once rehydrated with the diluted sample, the Reaction Tube is placed in Solana for amplification and detection of target sequence. In Solana, the target sequence is amplified by specific primers and detected by a specific fluorescence probe included in the Reaction Tube. A competitive process control (PRC) is included in the Lysis Tube to monitor sample processing, inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent failure or device failure. The PRC is amplified by the target-specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. Upon annealing to target or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results via a printer.

# Materials Provided:

Cat. #M307 48 Tests per Kit

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 2.        Kit Components</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neonatal flocked swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2° to 30°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lysis Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit 1.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit 1.8 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td></tr></table>

# Materials required but not provided:

External controls for C. difficile (e.g. Quidel Molecular C. difficile Control Set, which contains positive and negative controls, serves as an external processing and extraction control) • Sterile DNase-free filter-blocked or positive displacement micropipettor tips • Micropipettor • Stopwatch or timer • Scissors or a blade • Heat block capable of $9 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ temperature • Solana workflow tray and transfer rack • Solana Instrument • Thermometer

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Portrait Toxigenic C. difficile Assay (Great Basin Scientific)

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K113358 (DEN120013)

3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 3.       Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceSolana C. difficile Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceGreat Basin Scientific PortraitToxigenic C. Difficile AssayK113358 (DEN120013)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Solana® C. difficile Assay is an in vitrodiagnostic test for the direct, qualitativedetection of the Clostridium difficileToxin A gene (tcdA) in unformed stoolspecimens of patients suspected ofhaving Clostridium difficile-infection(CDI). The Solana C. difficile Assay isintended for use as an aid in diagnosis ofCDI. The assay utilizes helicase-dependent amplification (HDA) for theamplification of a highly conserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Portrait Toxigenic C. difficileAssay, a prescription deviceunder 21 CFR Part 801.109that is indicated for thedetection of toxigenicClostridium difficile in humanfecal samples collected frompatients suspected of havingClostridium difficile infection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fragment of the Toxin A gene sequence.The Solana C. difficile Assay is intendedfor use only with the Solana® instrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(CDI). The test utilizesautomated blocked primerenabled helicase-dependentamplification (bpHDA) todetect toxin gene sequencesassociated with toxinproducing C. difficile. ThePortrait Toxigenic C. difficileAssay is intended as an aid inthe diagnosis of CDI.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unformed stool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technologicalprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic acid amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay technique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal, helicase-dependentnucleic acid amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Table 4. Differences</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceSolana C. difficile Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceGreat Basin Scientific PortraitToxigenic C. Difficile AssayK113358</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin A gene (tcdA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin B gene (tcdB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification andDetectioninstruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Portrait Analyzer</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Class II Special Controls Guideline Document: Toxin Gene Amplification Assays for the Detection of Clostridium difficile

# L. Test Principle:

A small amount of specimen is transferred to a Lysis Tube using a swab. The Lysis Tube is then subjected to heat-treatment at $9 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 5 minutes. The heat-treated sample is added to a Dilution Tube, and then transferred to a Reaction Tube. The Reaction Tube contains lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes. Once rehydrated with the diluted sample, the Reaction Tube is placed in Solana for amplification and detection of target sequence. In Solana, the target sequence is amplified by specific primers and detected by a specific fluorescence probe included in the Reaction Tube. A competitive process control (PRC) is included in the Lysis Tube to monitor sample processing, inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent failure or device failure. The PRC is amplified by the target-specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore on the other end. Upon annealing to target or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results via a printer.

# M. Performance Characteristics:

# 1. Analytical performance:

# a. Precision/Reproducibility:

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the Solana C. difficile Assay was evaluated at three laboratory sites. A blinded and randomized study panel containing Clostridium difficile negative and positive samples were tested at three (3) test sites (two (2) clinical sites). Each site tested a reproducibility panel and Assay Controls for five (5) days in triplicate. Testing was done by two operators at each site. Each operator ran the panel once a day. A total of 540 specimens were tested (including controls).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 5.       Reproducibility Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>SITE</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Overall PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#expectedresults/#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#expectedresults/#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#expectedresults/#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile HighNegative(4.8 X 10^²2CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8% - 58.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile LowPositive(1.7 X 10³CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileModeratePositive(3.4 X 10³CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% - 100%</td></tr></table>

The results suggest that there are no significant differences between different users using different instruments at different sites on different days.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

Traceability:

Not applicable. This assay is qualitative.

Specimen Stability:

An analytical study was conducted to determine the potential specimen storage capabilities of the Solana® C. difficile Assay by testing contrived stool samples that have been stored to mimic what may happen in a clinical setting. Specimen stability was also assessed in the prospective clinical study that tested 854 specimens that were stored for up to 3 days at $2 ^ { \circ }$ to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } .$ The results of clinical and analytical studies supported the storage of stool specimens at 2 to ${ } 8 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ for up to 3 days before testing.

# Controls:

External controls for C. difficile (e.g. Quidel Molecular C. difficile Control Set, which contains positive and negative controls, serves as an external processing and extraction control) were run on the Solana C. difficile Assay each day of testing. The external controls produced the expected results in all analytical and clinical testing.

The process control monitored sample processing, HDA inhibitory specimens and confirmation of the integrity of assay reagents and Solana instrument functionality throughout the clinical and analytical testing. The process control identified two (2) specimens in the clinical testing as invalid (2/854, $0 . 2 \% )$ . The process control was detected in all analytical testing.

d. Detection limit:

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LOD) of the Solana C. difficile Assay was determined using serial dilutions of two (2) toxigenic C. difficile strains, ATCC BAA-1805 and CCUG 20309 spiked in negative matrix, and also quantified C. difficile genomic DNA, BAA-1382DQ™ spiked in lysis buffer. Analytical sensitivity (LOD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 6.       LOD Values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stool Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain LOD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Unpreserved Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.13E+03 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 20309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90E+03CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genomic DNA: ATCC®BAA-1382DQ™</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 copy/assay</td></tr></table>

# e. Analytical specificity:

Cross Reactivity and Microbial Interference:

The analytical specificity of the Solana C. difficile Assay was evaluated by testing a panel consisting of sixty-eight (68) bacterial, viral and yeast microorganisms and human DNA representing common enteric pathogens, flora or nucleic acid commonly present in the intestine. Microorganisms or nucleic acid was mixed with pooled negative matrix and tested directly or in the presence of $1 . 8 3 \mathsf { E } \mathsf { + } 0 4 $ CFU/mL of C. difficile for cross-reactivity and microbial interference, respectively.

The table below lists the bacterial, viral and yeast microorganisms used in these studies. There was no evidence of cross reactivity or interference with any of the panel members and the Solana C. difficile Assay.

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Microorganism</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defective</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49176</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19606</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 7966</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15554</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13472</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25285</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43479</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni sub sp .jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33292</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10231</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8090</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium bifermentans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 638</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium botulinum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In silico analysis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium butyricum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-11128</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19398</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium novyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19402</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium orbiscindens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49531</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13124</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium scindens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35704</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium septicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12464</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9714</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z077</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 6329</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 9284</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 33098</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 36938</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 43123</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordelli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 47545</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 59819</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (non-toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43593</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (non-toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43601</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sporogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15579</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15947</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13048</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13047</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis vanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51299</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23511</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700927</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter pylori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43504</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33497</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4356</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-389</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27337</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14029</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25260</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25845</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25933</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9886</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35554</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella choleraesuis (typhimurium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. arizonae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13314</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 7001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27592</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13880</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9207</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 11835</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29930</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14990</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12973</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17802</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackie virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

# Interference:

The performance of Solana C. difficile Assay was evaluated with potentially interfering substances that may be present in stool specimens. A panel composed of thirty-two (32) substances was tested in the absence or presence of C. difficile at $1 . 8 3 5 { \scriptstyle + } 0 4 \mathtt { C F U / m L }$ in the Solana C. difficile Assay. There was no evidence of interference caused by the substances tested at the concentrations shown below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredients</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nystatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nystatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortizone 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fleet Glycerin Suppositories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glycerin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zinc Oxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anusol Plus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pramoxine hydrochloride and zincsulfate monohydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation H</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nystatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nystatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortizone 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fleet Glycerin Suppositories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glycerin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zinc Oxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anusol Plus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pramoxine hydrochloride and zincsulfate monohydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation H</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tums</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium Carbonate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equate Antacid Max Strength</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aluminum hydroxide, Magnesiumhydroxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mesalazine Rectal SuspensionEnema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mesalazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fleet Mineral Oil Enema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mineral Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gynol II Vaginal Contraceptive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonoxynol-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imodium AD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pepto Bismol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bismuth subsalicylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ex-Lax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sennosides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polysporin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacitracin and Polymyxin B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tucks personal cleaning pads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Witch hazel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium Chloride Towelettes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoglobulins, Lysozyme,Polymers, etc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose, Hormones, Enzymes, Ions,Iron, etc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Palmitic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Palmitic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride Mix (C2 - C10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity):

The inclusivity of the Solana C. difficile Assay was further evaluated by functional testing of toxigenic C. difficile in addition to those strains used in the LOD study. Twenty-three (23) additional strains of toxigenic C. difficile, representing at least five different toxinotypes, were tested in triplicate at the 2X LOD concentration ( $1 . 8 3 \mathsf { E } \mathsf { + } 0 4 \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ as determined for ATCC BAA1805) with Solana C. difficile Assay, in addition to the strains used for the LOD study. All twentythree additional strains were detected in all replicates by the Solana C. difficile Assay in this study.

<table><tr><td>Strain</td><td>Toxinotype</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC BAA-1805*</td><td>III</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 20309*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-1870</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IIIb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 37770</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-1875</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">V</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43598</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIII</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 37774</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XXIII</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 9004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1874</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC43600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-1871</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-1803</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IIIc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA-1872</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC700792</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC43599</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG60276</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG60275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG37778</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG37777</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG37776</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG37773</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC17857</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC43594</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC43596</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr></table>

# 3. Clinical studies:

Performance characteristics of the Solana C. difficile Assay were established during a prospective study conducted November 2016 to February 2017. Eight hundred fiftyfour (854) specimens used for this study were collected from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) at three distinct geographical sites across the United States. These specimens were tested with the Solana Assay at the sites. The Solana results were compared to an enhanced toxigenic bacterial culture (sensitivity/specificity) and a FDA-cleared molecular device (positive/negative percent agreement).

# Performance in Comparison to Enhanced toxigenic bacterial culture

Eight hundred fifty-four (854) raw specimens were tested by both the Solana C. difficile Assay and enhanced toxigenic culture. For the toxigenic culture method, samples were inoculated into chopped-meat glucose (CMG) broth and sub-cultured after 48-hours onto CCFA-HB plates. Suspicious colonies were further characterized and C. difficile identified colonies were sub-cultured in CMG broth for subsequent cytotoxin testing. Two (2) specimens $( 0 . 2 \% )$ were invalid in the Solana C. difficile Assay when tested according to the Solana C. difficile Assay draft instructions for use. Both specimens remained invalid upon repeat testing. These specimens were removed from further analysis. The data below is for the remaining eight hundred fifty-two (852) specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Combined Sites - Raw Specimen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Enhanced Toxigenic Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SolanaC. difficile Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>739</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>737</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>852</td></tr></table>

\* Three (3) of the six (6) specimens were positive for C. difficile toxin gene DNA by an alternate FDA cleared molecular device, three (3) were negative. \*\* Six (6) of eight (8) specimens were found positive for C. difficile toxin gene DNA by an alternate FDA cleared molecular device., and two (2) were negative

# Performance in Comparison to FDA-cleared molecular device

Eight hundred fifty-four (854) specimens were tested by both the Solana C. difficile Assay and FDA-cleared molecular device. Two (2) specimens $( 0 . 2 \% )$ were invalid in the Solana C. difficile Assay when tested according to the Solana C. difficile Assay draft instructions for use. Both specimens remained invalid upon repeat testing. These specimens were removed from further analysis. The data below is for the remaining eight hundred fifty-two (852) specimens.

<table><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Combined Sites - Raw Specimen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">FDA-cleared molecular device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositivePercent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.59%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SolanaC. difficile Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativePercentAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">739</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">752</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">852</td></tr></table>

\* Twelve (12) of the sixteen (16) specimens were positive for C. difficile toxin gene DNA by an alternate FDA cleared molecular device, four (4) were negative. \*\* Two (2) of three (3) specimens were found positive for C. difficile toxin gene DNA by an alternate FDA cleared molecular device, and one (1) was negative

# 5. Expected values:

The expected values of the Solana C. difficile Assay were established during a prospective study conducted between November 2016 to February 2017. Eight hundred fifty-four (854) specimens used for this study were collected from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile-infection (CDI) at three distinct geographical sites across the United States. A single specimen was collected per patient. The specimens were processed and tested with Solana C. difficile Assay on the Solana instrument at the sites.

Patient age and gender for the combined sites are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Combined Sites - Age and Gender Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total percent positive with theSolana C. difficile Assay in Rawspecimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7% (1/6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 to 11 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0% (2/10)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 to 17 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1% (1/14)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0% (6/25)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 to 59 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2% (48/337*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0% (55/460*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3% (113/852**)</td></tr></table>

\* One (1) specimen was invalid \*\* Two (2) total specimens were invalid