HARDY DIAGNOSTICS   
CHRISTOPHER MASSEY   
DIRECTOR OF RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT   
1430 WEST MCCOY LANE   
SANTA MARIA CA 93455

Re: K170586 Trade/Device Name: Strep B Carrot Broth One-Step Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2360 Regulation Name: Selective culture medium Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PQZ Dated: January 20, 2017 Received: February 28, 2017

Dear Mr. Massey:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S For

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known) K170586

Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.

Device Name Strep B Carrot Broth™M One-Step

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The buren t oholectionoationtateveehours pnscl time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary – K170586

# I. SUBMITTER

Chris Massey   
Director of Research & Development   
Hardy Diagnostics   
1430 W. McCoy Lane   
Santa Maria, CA 93455   
Phone: 805-346-2766 x 5620   
E-mail: MasseyC@hardydiagnostics.com   
II. DEVICE   
Name of Device: Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step   
Classification Name: Selective Culture Medium   
Regulatory Class: I   
Product Code: PQZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE LIM Broth, K871447

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Approximately $10 \mathrm { - } 3 5 \%$ of women are asymptomatic carriers of group B streptococci (GBS) in the genital and gastrointestinal tracts. Group B Streptococci (GBS) remains a leading cause of serious illness and death in newborn populations and, therefore, the detection of Group B Streptococci in the vaginal-anorectal area is critical to the prevention of neonatal GBS disease. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends the screening of all pregnant women for vaginal and rectal Group B Streptococci colonization between 35 and 37 weeks of gestation using an enrichment broth followed by subculture.

Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step is a selective and differential medium with selective components designed to enrich for Group B Streptococci. The production of a light orange, orange, or red-orange pigment is a unique characteristic of hemolytic GBS due to reaction with substrates such as starch, peptone, serum, and folate pathway inhibitors. GBS detection with Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step is only possible with $\beta$ -hemolytic Group B Streptococci colonies, providing evidence of a direct genetic linkage between pigment production in this media and hemolysin production. Non-hemolytic GBS can be recovered from Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step upon subculture to $5 \%$ sheep blood agar plates.

# V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step is a selective and differential medium which is intended for the detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) from anovaginal specimen collected from pregnant women. The medium is used as an aid in the qualitative determination of GBS colonization in pregnant women. The color change reaction from white to orange is representative of a positive result for presence of GBS. The medium requires 24 hours of incubation but positive results can be interpreted as early as 16 hours. Due to the properties of Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step, non-hemolytic GBS cannot be detected by the medium’s color change and require subculture for identification. Any presumptive negative indicated by lack of color change at the end of the incubation period must be subcultured to a non-selective medium (e.g. Tryptic Soy Agar with $5 \%$ Sheep Blood) to confirm absence of GBS. Subculture must also be performed to recover isolates for conducting susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

# VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SubstantiallyEquivalent?</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep B Carrot Broth One-Step</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIM Broth</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Details</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) number K170586Product Code PQZ21 CFR 866.2360&quot;Culture media, selective and differential&quot;Class IPanel 83 Microbiology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) number K871447Product Code JSD21 CFR 866.2360Culture Media, Selective Broth&quot;Class IPanel 83 Microbiology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step is a selectiveand differential medium which is intended forthe detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS)from anovaginal specimen collected frompregnant women. The medium is used as anaid in the qualitative determination of GBScolonization in pregnant women. The colorchange reaction from white to orange isrepresentative of a positive result for presenceof GBS. The medium requires 24 hours ofincubation but positive results can beinterpreted as early as 16 hours. Due to theproperties of Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step,non-hemolytic GBS cannot be detected by themedium&#x27;s color change and require subculturefor identification. Any presumptive negativeindicated by lack of color change at the end ofthe incubation period must be subcultured toa non-selective medium (e.g. Tryptic Soy Agarwith 5% Sheep Blood) to confirm absence ofGBS. Subculture must also be performed torecover isolates for conducting susceptibilitytesting as recommended for penicillin-allergicwomen.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel Todd Hewitt Broth w/ CNA (LimBroth) is a liquid medium recommended foruse in qualitative procedures for theisolation of Group B Streptococcus (GBS)from clinical specimens containing mixedbacterial flora.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enrichment Broth, Chromogenic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enrichment Broth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal/rectal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal/rectal swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual/visual and subculture negatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual/visual and subculture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

# VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

Performance of Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step was evaluated at four geographically diverse hospitals with routine GBS specimen in the form of an anovaginal swab. The detection of Group B Streptococci by orange color development in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step was compared to routine culture, defined as the selective enrichment of specimen in LIM Broth, followed by subculture to Blood Agar and confirmed by biochemical testing. Additionally, the recovery of Group B Streptococci by a Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step subsequently subcultured to Blood Agar was also compared to LIM broth routine culture. Organisms that grew on Blood Agar were confirmed to be Group B Streptococci using gram-stain, catalase test, and latex agglutination.

A total of 884 specimens were tested against routine culture, 113 specimens did not meet enrollment criteria, and were therefore excluded from the analysis. Of the remaining 771 valid samples tested, a total of 143 specimens were confirmed positive for Group B Streptococci by orange color development in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step after 24 hours of incubation at 35-37ºC with concordant results obtained from the LIM reference method. Those results are shown in Table 1.

All discrepant isolates were frozen in CryoSaversTM with Brucella Broth and returned to Hardy Diagnostics for testing. The identity of each isolate was confirmed (β Group B Streptococci, NH Group B Streptococci, or nonGroup B Streptococci). Once the identity was confirmed, positive organisms (β Group B Streptococci or NH Group B Streptococci) were tested at LoD $( 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ in donated negative-vaginal rectal matrix for their recovery from the LIM reference method, color development in Carrot Broth™ One-Step, and recovery from the Carrot Broth™ One-Step to Blood Agar System.

Table 1. LIM Broth vs. Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step Color reaction   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN^{2}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td></tr></table>

1 There were 8 False Positives observed. All isolates were re-tested and confirmed at Hardy Diagnostics using the discrepant analysis protocol described above. Of these, six isolates were originally negative by LIM reference method, showed a positive color reaction in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step, and were confirmed to be $\beta$ -hemolytic when subcultured on Blood Agar. One was not able to be confirmed because no GBS isolate was frozen and the remaining specimen had $\beta$ -hemolytic colonies present on the blood agar plates; however, Proteus swarmed the plates, preventing the technician from isolating the $\beta$ -hemolytic colonies for identification.

2 There were 20 False Negatives observed. All isolates were re-tested and confirmed at Hardy Diagnostics using the discrepant analysis protocol described above. Fourteen of the $\beta$ Group B Streptococci isolates recovered from LIM, but originally gave a negative Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step color reaction, were confirmed as $\beta$ Group B Streptococci and subsequently confirmed to have a positive Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step color reaction at LoD. Two isolates were identified as very weak $\beta$ Group B Streptococci and did not produce the expected color reaction in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step. Four isolates were confirmed as non-hemolytic Group B Streptococci with a negative color reaction in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step.

3 Considering that non-hemolytic GBS cannot be detected by the medium’s color change and require subculture for identification, there were 5 specimens that were found to be non-hemolytic. Considering those results as true negatives, the overall Sensitivity and Specificity values observed when comparing the recovery of $\beta$ -hemolytic GBS by the LIM reference method to the Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step color reaction were $9 0 . 4 \%$ (141/156) $[ 9 5 \%$ CI: 84.7-94.1] and $9 8 . 4 \%$ (605/615) $[ 9 5 \%$ CI: 97.0-99.1], respectively.

When comparing the number of Group B Streptococci positive specimens recovered by the LIM reference method to the number identified by Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step color change in conjunction with the subculture of presumptive negatives to the Blood Agar, an additional 18 specimens showed concordant positive results for a total of 161 true positive results. The LIM reference method included the identification of both $\beta$ -hemolytic and non-hemolytic GBS from samples by culture. Those results are shown in Table 2.

Table 2. LIM Reference Method vs. Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step (color), plus Subculture of Presumptive Negatives to Blood Agar with Biochemical Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td></tr></table>

1 There were eleven False Positives observed. All isolates were re-tested and confirmed at Hardy Diagnostics using the discrepant analysis protocol described above. All isolates recovered from the Strep B Carrot Broth to Blood Agar system were confirmed to be $\beta$ Group B Streptococci. 2 There were two False Negatives observed. Both isolates were re-tested and confirmed at Hardy Diagnostics using the discrepant analysis protocol described above. Both of the $\beta$ Group B Streptococci isolates recovered from LIM were confirmed as $\beta$ Group B Streptococci.

# RECOVERY RATE

To determine the recovery [Limit of Detection (LoD)] of Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step, the media was challenged with two beta-hemolytic ATCC® strains of Group B Streptococci at 10-fold decreasing concentrations and evaluated for color change. The lowest concentration at which a positive reaction was seen, indicated by an orange color, was determined to be the LoD. The determined LoD was confirmed by testing Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step with 20 replicate dilutions of the determined LoD concentrations. Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step was able to recover both S. agalactiae ATCC® 12386 and S. agalactiae ATCC® 12403 at a LoD of $1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ of the fluid from a flocked anovaginal swab specimen (30 CFU/tube when using a $3 0 \mu \iota$ inoculum). Variable recovery was seen at lower concentrations. Blood agar plates were used to determine the concentrations of organisms present in each dilution.

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY

Fifty-four ATCC reference and clinical Group B Streptococci strains representing seven of the nine known serotypes were recovered in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step when inoculated at the limit of detection concentration of ${ { 1 0 } ^ { 3 } }$ $\mathsf { C F U / m L }$ . The GBS serotypes included in this study were serotypes Ia, Ib, II, III, IV, V, and VI. Serotypes VII and VIII are rare and were not available for testing. Four strains that were non-typable against the nine known serotypes were also included. All the beta-hemolytic strains of Group B Streptococci produced the expected orange color in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step. The non-hemolytic strains showed no orange color in Strep B Carrot Broth™ OneStep but were successfully recovered upon subculture to Blood Agar.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY

Seventy-eight non-target organisms that are phylogenetically-related to Group B Streptococci or potentially encountered in an anovaginal swab were tested in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step at a concentration of ${ 1 0 } ^ { 8 }$ $C F U / \mathsf { m L }$ . All organisms tested are listed in Table 3 below. After 24 hours of incubation, all Carrot Broth tubes were evaluated for color reaction. In order to determine if Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step supported the growth of non-target organisms in the absence of a color reaction, all negative tubes were subcultured to an appropriate medium for the non-target organism. All organisms tested produced a negative color reaction in Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step and 45/78 $( 5 7 . 7 \% )$ of the organisms were recoverable when subcultured after enrichment.

Table 3. List of non-target organisms tested in Analytical Specificity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Organism</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus durans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia alcalifaciens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus brasiliensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus flavescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas fluorescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus subtilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus hirae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica (typhii)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium breve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus saccharolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica arizonae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Geotrichum candidum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hafnia alvei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphyloccocus aureus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter brakkii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus gasseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotroph. maltophilia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus leichmannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptoccocus mutans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactococcus lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium novyi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sporogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Micrococcus luteus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium jekeium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pediococcus acidilacti</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus uberis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus cecorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr></table>

# MICROBIAL INTERFERENCE

Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step was challenged to determine if target organisms at low concentration could be recovered in the presence of non-target organisms at a high concentration. All organisms that were recovered upon subculture from Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step in the Analytical Specificity study were used in this Microbial Interference study. Non-target organisms at a high concentration $( 1 . 5 \times { 1 0 } ^ { 8 } { \mathsf { C F U / m L } } )$ were mixed with each target organism at the LoD concentration and inoculated into Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step. If the target organism was not recovered, the concentration of the non-target organism was lowered 10-fold until the target organism was recovered.

Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step was able to produce the expected color reaction with target organisms and allowed the recovery of both GBS strains in the presence of high concentrations $( 1 . 5 \times { 1 0 } ^ { 8 } { \mathsf { C F U / m L } } )$ of all but one of the non-target organisms used in this study. The only organism found to affect recovery was $\boldsymbol { E }$ . faecalis ATCC 29212. S. agalactiae ATCC 12386 produced the expected color reaction when the concentration of E. faecalis ATCC 29212 was $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ or lower. S. agalactiae ATCC 13813, a non-hemolytic strain, was recovered upon subculture when the concentration of E. faecalis ATCC 29212 was $1 0 ^ { 6 } C F \mathsf { U / m L }$ or lower.

# INTERFERENCE

Commonly used or encountered endogenous and exogenous substances that may be present in anovaginal swabs were evaluated for potential interference of growth or chromogenic reaction in Strep B Carrot Broth™One-Step. The substances tested are listed in the table below. No interference was observed with any substance at the highest clinically relevant concentration in the GBS-negative specimen matrix.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Interfering Substances</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Supplier</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration inSample Matrix1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Anti-diarrhealMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol® (Bismuth subsalicylate solution)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imodium A-D® (Loperamide HCI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body Oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neutrogena Body Oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body Powder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gold Bond Body Powder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contraceptive Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Options Gynol II® (Nonoxynol-9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enema Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physiological saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricating Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Y® Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Oral Laxative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Milk of Magnesia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dulcolax® (Sodium picosulfate solution)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polysorbate 80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tween®80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rectal Laxative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fleet® Glycerin Suppositories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical HemorrhoidOintment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation-H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Anti-ItchMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vagisil Cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vaginal Anti-FungalMedication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monistat® (Miconazole nitrate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lotrimin® (Clotrimazole)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Endogenous Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Amniotic Fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medfusion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Feces</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Central Coast Pathology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Meconium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LEE Biosolutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Central Coast Pathology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In-house</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sigma, M2378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05% w/v</td></tr></table>

1Specific amounts of substance added to anovaginal specimen matrix calculated using $\mathsf C _ { 1 } \mathsf V _ { 1 } { = } \mathsf C _ { 2 } \mathsf V _ { 2 }$ with the assumption that $\scriptstyle 1 8 = 1 m \lfloor$

# INCUBATION STUDY

In order to determine a recommended incubation time range, the performance of Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step was evaluated using nine beta-hemolytic strains of GBS and one non-hemolytic strain of GBS at the LoD from 12 to 24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ }$ CThe enrichment broth was subcultured to a Tryptic Soy Agar plate with $5 \%$ sheep blood every two hours to confirm the presence of GBS. All hemolytic organisms tested produced some kind of orange color reaction by 16 hours and a definitive orange color reaction by 20 hours. All organisms, including the non-hemolytic strain tested, were recovered upon subculture of Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step at 12 hours. The incubation range for Strep B Carrot Broth™ was set from 16-24 hours.

# SPECIMEN STABILITY

Various types of specimen transport swabs were evaluated to determine the acceptable storage conditions required to recover GBS from Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step. Swabs were spiked with Group B Streptococci and a contrived matrix consisting of organisms commonly found in vaginal flora, kept at both room temperature and refrigerated conditions, and were inoculated to Carrot Broth at 0, 24, 48, 72, 96, and 120 hours. Eight different GBS strains were used in this study and were spiked into the contrived matrix near LoD. The contrived matrix containing non-target organisms consisted of E. faecalis, E. coli, C. albicans, and L. acidophilus. TransPRO™ swabs with Liquid Amies (flocked swab liquid-based transport system) and four types of Healthlink transport systems: Sponge-based Liquid Amies and Liquid Stuart’s, and Gel-based: Amies Gel and Stuart’s Gel were used in this study.

Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step was able to recover 8/8 $. 1 0 0 \% )$ of GBS strains and produce an orange coloration from Healthlink swabs in Liquid Amies, Stuart’s liquid, Amies Gel, and Stuart’s Gel when stored at ${ 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ for up to 96 hours. $100 \%$ of GBS strains also produced the expected orange color reaction from the flocked swab TransPRO™ Liquid Amies stored at ${ 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ for up to 120 hours. All transport systems tested saw a decline in recovery of GBS after 24 hours of room temperature storage.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Prior to initiating the study, a panel of 12 blinded isolates provided by Hardy Diagnostics was tested at three distinct study sites in triplicate on five work days to demonstrate reproducibility and to document proficiency in the performance of the test. Agreement of $59 5 \%$ with known test results was required before proceeding with the study. The testing was done with at least one operator and two readers, blinded to each other’s results, per site. Strains in the reproducibility panel produced the expected color results with Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step $59 5 \%$ of the time at 24 hours. All non-hemolytic GBS isolates tested $( 1 0 0 \% )$ were recovered upon subculture to TSA with $5 \%$ Sheep’s Blood.

# CONCLUSIONS

The clinical and performance studies summarized above demonstrate the substantial equivalence of Strep B Carrot Broth™ One-Step to the predicate device.