# .BZ

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC   
Kristen J. Kanack, Ph.D.   
Vice President, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs 515 Colorow Drive   
Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Re: K170604 Trade/Device Name: FilmArray® Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OEM, OEP, OOU, OTG, OZE, OZX, OZY, OZZ, OOI, NSU Dated: February 28, 2017 Received: March 1, 2017

Dear Dr. Kanack:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

for Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017</td></tr></table>

# Device Name

The FilmArray® Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The FilmArray® Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with FilmArray® 2.0 or FilmArray® Torch systems for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the FilmArray® RP2:

• Adenovirus • Coronavirus 229E • Coronavirus HKU1 • Coronavirus NL63 • Coronavirus OC43 • Human Metapneumovirus • Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus • Influenza A, including subtypes H1, H1-2009, and H3

• Influenza B • Parainfluenza Virus 1 • Parainfluenza Virus 2 • Parainfluenza Virus 3 • Parainfluenza Virus 4 • Respiratory Syncytial Virus • Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001)

• Bordetella pertussis (ptxP)

• Chlamydia pneumoniae • Mycoplasma pneumoniae

The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and/or symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or lower respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the FilmArray® RP2 may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the FilmArray® RP2 cannot reliably differentiate them. A positive FilmArray® RP2 Rhinovirus/Enterovirus result should be followed up using an alternate method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis) if differentiation is required.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established when Influenza A H1-2009 and A H3 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting Influenza A may vary if other Influenza A strains are circulating or a novel Influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

# FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)

# Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitted by:

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 515 Colorow Drive Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Telephone: 801-736-6354   
Facsimile: 801-588-0507

Contact: Kristen J. Kanack, ext. 330

Date Submitted: February 28, 2017

# Device Name and Classification:

Trade Name: FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980

Classification Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay

# Predicate Device:

K160068 – FilmArray Respiratory Panel (RP)

# Intended Use:

The FilmArray® Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with FilmArray $^ { \textregistered } 2 . 0$ or FilmArray® Torch systems for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the FilmArray RP2:

• Adenovirus • Coronavirus 229E • Coronavirus HKU1 • Coronavirus NL63 • Coronavirus OC43

Human Metapneumovirus   
• Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus   
• Influenza A, including subtypes H1, H1-2009, and H3   
• Influenza B   
• Parainfluenza Virus 1   
• Parainfluenza Virus 2   
• Parainfluenza Virus 3   
• Parainfluenza Virus 4   
• Respiratory Syncytial Virus   
• Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001) Bordetella pertussis $( p t x P )$   
• Chlamydia pneumoniae Mycoplasma pneumoniae

The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and/or symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or lower respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the FilmArray RP2 may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the FilmArray RP2 cannot reliably differentiate them. A positive FilmArray RP2 Rhinovirus/Enterovirus result should be followed up using an alternate method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis) if differentiation is required.

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established when Influenza A H1-2009, A H1, and A H3 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting Influenza A may vary if other Influenza A strains are circulating or a novel Influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Device Description:

The FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2) is designed to simultaneously identify 21 different potential pathogens (see Table 1) of respiratory tract infection from a single NPS specimen in a time frame ${ \sim } 4 5$ minutes) that allows the test results to be used in determining appropriate patient treatment and management. FilmArray RP2 is compatible with BioFire Diagnostics’ (BioFire) PCR-based in vitro diagnostic FilmArray 2.0 and FilmArray Torch systems for infectious disease testing. A specific software module (i.e. FilmArray RP2 pouch module) is used to perform FilmArray RP2 testing on these systems.

Table 1. Pathogens Detected by the FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td>Viral Targets Detected</td><td>Bacterial Targets Detected</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus Coronavirus 229E Coronavirus HKU1 Coronavirus NL63 Coronavirus OC43 Human Metapneumovirus Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus Influenza A, including subtypes H1, H3 and H1-2009 Influenza B Parainfluenza Virus 1 Parainfluenza Virus 2 Parainfluenza Virus 3 Parainfluenza Virus 4 Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td>Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001) Bordetella pertussis (ptxP) Chlamydia pneumoniae Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr></table>

A test is initiated by loading Hydration Solution into one port of the FilmArray pouch and an NPS sample (in transport media) mixed with the provided Sample Buffer into the other port of the FilmArray RP2 pouch and placing it in a FilmArray instrument. The pouch contains all of the reagents required for specimen testing and analysis in a freeze-dried format; the addition of Hydration Solution and Sample/Buffer Mix rehydrates the reagents. After the pouch is prepared, the FilmArray Software guides the user though the steps of placing the pouch into the instrument, scanning the pouch barcode, entering the sample identification, and initiating the run.

The FilmArray instrument contains a coordinated system of inflatable bladders and seal points, which act on the pouch to control the movement of liquid between the pouch blisters. When a bladder is inflated over a reagent blister, it forces liquid from the blister into connecting channels. Alternatively, when a seal is placed over a connecting channel it acts as a valve to open or close a channel. In addition, electronically-controlled pneumatic pistons are positioned over multiple plungers in order to deliver the rehydrated reagents into the blisters at the appropriate times. Two Peltier devices control heating and cooling of the pouch to drive the PCR reactions and the melt curve analysis.

Nucleic acid extraction occurs within the FilmArray pouch using mechanical and chemical lysis followed by purification using standard magnetic bead technology. After extracting and purifying nucleic acids from the unprocessed sample, the FilmArray performs a nested multiplex PCR that is executed in two stages. During the first stage, the FilmArray performs a single, large volume, highly multiplexed reverse transcription PCR (rt-PCR) reaction. The products from first stage PCR are then diluted and combined with a fresh, primer-free master mix and a fluorescent double stranded DNA binding dye (LC Green $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Plus, BioFire Diagnostics). The solution is then distributed to each well of the array. Array wells contain sets of primers designed specifically to amplify sequences internal to the PCR products generated during the first stage PCR reaction. The 2nd stage PCR, or nested PCR, is performed in singleplex fashion in each well of the array. At the conclusion of the 2nd stage PCR, the array is interrogated by melt curve analysis for the detection of signature amplicons denoting the presence of specific targets. A digital camera placed in front of the 2nd stage PCR captures fluorescent images of the PCR reactions and software interprets the data.

The FilmArray Software automatically interprets the results of each DNA melt curve analysis and combines the data with the results of the internal pouch controls to provide a test result for each organism on the panel.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 is substantially equivalent to the FilmArray Respiratory Panel (K160068), which was most recently cleared on February 8, 2016 and determined to be a Class II device.

Table 2 compares the FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2) to the FilmArray Respiratory Panel (RP) and outlines the similarities and differences between the two tests.

Table 2. Comparison of the FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2) and the FilmArray Respiratory Panel (RP)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Element</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:FilmArray Respiratory Panel (RP)(K160068)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPS in VTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, CoronavirusHKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43,Human Metapneumovirus, Influenza A,Influenza A subtype H1, Influenza A subtypeH3, Influenza A subtype H1-2009, Influenza B,Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2,Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4,Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, RespiratorySyncytial Virus, Bordetella parapertussis,Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydia pneumoniae,and Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Does not detect Bordetella parapertussisReports Chlamydia pneumoniae by alternatename: Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA/RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray 2.0 or FilmArray Torch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray, FilmArray 2.0, or FilmArray Torch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">About 45 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">About 1 hour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test interpretation and reportgeneration. User cannot access raw data.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two controls are included in each reagent pouchto control for sample processing and both stagesof PCR and melt analysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Complexity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate/Low</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

# Clinical Performance

The clinical performance of the FilmArray RP2 was established during a multi-center study conducted at three geographically distinct U.S. study sites during portions of the 2015-2016 and 2016-2017 respiratory illness seasons. A total of 1635 residual NPS specimens in viral transport media (VTM) were acquired for the prospective clinical study. Between January and March 2016, specimens were prospectively collected from all comers meeting the study eligibility criteria and immediately frozen $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { N } = 6 9 5$ specimens) for later testing as prospective archived/frozen (Category II) specimens. Between September and November 2016, specimens were prospectively collected from all comers meeting the study eligibility criteria and tested fresh $\scriptstyle \mathrm { N } = 9 4 0$ specimens) as prospective fresh (Category I) specimens. Category II specimens were distributed to study sites beginning in September 2016. Study sites also began testing Category I specimens at this time. At each site, Category II specimens were thawed and tested according to the study procedures as time permitted over the remaining duration of the clinical study. A total of 23 prospective specimens (Category I and II specimens) were excluded from the final performance data analysis due to incompliance with the study protocol. The most common reasons for specimen exclusion were that a valid external control was not completed on the day of testing, that specimens were tested outside the 3-day refrigerated storage window, or that the specimen was found to not meet the inclusion criteria after the specimen had been enrolled. The final data set consisted of 1612 prospective specimens. Table 3 provides a summary of demographic information for the 1612 specimens included in the prospective study.

Table 3. Demographic Summary for Prospective FilmArray RP2 Clinical Evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>867(54%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331(57%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271(51%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265(53%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>745(46%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250(43%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256(49%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239(47%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>AE0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>885(55%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>379(65%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170(32%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>336(67%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 - 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331(21%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132(23%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89 (17%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110(22%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 - 49 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128 (8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79 (15%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+ years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268(17%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 (7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189(36%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ssus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outpatient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>329(20%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77 (13%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 (13%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186(37%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hospitalized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640(40%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229(39%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197(37%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214(42%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emergency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>643(40%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275(47%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264(50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104(21%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1612</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>527</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504</td></tr></table>

The performance of the FilmArray RP2 was evaluated by comparing the FilmArray RP2 test results with those from an FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel (the main comparator method) as well as with results from two analytically-validated PCR assays followed by bi-directional sequencing for $B$ . parapertussis (this analyte is not detected by the FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel). The $B$ . parapertussis comparator assays were designed to amplify a different sequence than that amplified by the FilmArray RP2. Any specimen that had bi-directional sequencing data meeting pre-defined quality acceptance criteria that matched organism-specific sequences deposited in the NCBI GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) with acceptable E-values was considered Positive. Any specimen that tested negative by both of the comparator assays was considered Negative.

Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) for each analyte was calculated as $100 \%$ x $\left( \mathrm { T P } / \left( \mathrm { T P } + \mathrm { F N } \right) \right)$ . True positive (TP) indicates that both the FilmArray RP2 and the comparator method had a positive result for this specific analyte, and false negative (FN) indicates that the FilmArray RP2 result was negative while the comparator result was positive. Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) was calculated as $1 0 0 \% \times \left( \mathrm { T N / \left( T N + F P \right) } \right)$ . True negative (TN) indicates that both the FilmArray RP2 and the comparator method had negative results, and a false positive (FP) indicates that the FilmArray RP2 result was positive but the comparator result was negative. The exact binomial two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval was calculated. Samples for which false positive and/or false negative results (i.e., discrepant results) were obtained when comparing the FilmArray RP2 results to the comparator method results were further investigated. The discrepancy investigation was mainly conducted by performing independent molecular methods with primers that are different from that of the FilmArray RP2 and/or comparator method retesting. The prospective clinical study results are summarized in Table 4.

Table 4. FilmArray RP2 Prospective Clinical Performance Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="3">Positive Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="3">Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td>%</td><td>95%CI</td><td>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td>%</td><td>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Adenovirusa</td><td>Fresh</td><td>36/38</td><td>94.7</td><td>82.7-98.5</td><td>850/880</td><td>96.6</td><td>95.2-97.6</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>34/36</td><td>94.4</td><td>81.9-98.5</td><td>640/658</td><td>97.3</td><td>95.7-98.3</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>70/74</td><td>94.6</td><td>86.9-97.9</td><td>1490/1538</td><td>96.9</td><td>95.9-97.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">CoV-229Eb</td><td>Fresh</td><td>5/5</td><td>100</td><td>56.6-100</td><td>909/913</td><td>99.6</td><td>98.9-99.8</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>6/7</td><td>85.7</td><td>48.7-97.4</td><td>686/687</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.2-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>11/12</td><td>91.7</td><td>64.6-98.5</td><td>1595/1600</td><td>99.7</td><td>99.3-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">CoV-HKU1c</td><td>Fresh</td><td>1/1</td><td>100</td><td>-</td><td>917/917</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>42/42</td><td>100</td><td>91.6-100</td><td>640/652</td><td>98.2</td><td>96.8-98.9</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>43/43</td><td>100</td><td>91.8-100</td><td>1557/1569</td><td>99.2</td><td>98.7-99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">CoV-NL63d</td><td>Fresh</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>917/918</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>40/40</td><td>100</td><td>91.2-100</td><td>645/654</td><td>98.6</td><td>97.4-99.3</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>40/40</td><td>100</td><td>91.2-100</td><td>1562/1572</td><td>99.4</td><td>98.8-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">CoV-OC43e</td><td>Fresh</td><td>11/13</td><td>84.6</td><td>57.8-95.7</td><td>904/905</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>22/28</td><td>78.6</td><td>60.5-89.8</td><td>662/666</td><td>99.4</td><td>98.5-99.8</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>33/41</td><td>80.5</td><td>66.0-89.8</td><td>1566/1571</td><td>99.7</td><td>99.3-99.9</td></tr><tr><td>hMPVf</td><td>Fresh</td><td>5/5</td><td>100</td><td>56.6-100</td><td>913/913</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">Positive Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="3">Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td>%</td><td>95%CI</td><td>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td>%</td><td>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>Frozen</td><td>68/70</td><td>97.1</td><td>90.2-99.2</td><td>616/624</td><td>98.7</td><td>97.5-99.3</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>73/75</td><td>97.3</td><td>90.8-99.3</td><td>1529/1537</td><td>99.5</td><td>99.0-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">HRV/EVg</td><td>Fresh</td><td>320/328</td><td>97.6</td><td>95.3-98.8</td><td>532/590</td><td>90.2</td><td>87.5-92.3</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>105/108</td><td>97.2</td><td>92.1-99.1</td><td>567/586</td><td>96.8</td><td>95.0-97.9</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>425/436</td><td>97.5</td><td>95.5-98.6</td><td>1099/1176</td><td>93.5</td><td>91.9-94.7</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>3/3</td><td>100</td><td>43.9-100</td><td>915/915</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FluAh</td><td>Frozen</td><td>75/75</td><td>100</td><td>95.1-100</td><td>616/616</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>78/78</td><td>100</td><td>95.3-100</td><td>1531/1531</td><td>100</td><td>99.7-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>918/918</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FluA H1</td><td>Frozen</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>691/691</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>1609/1609</td><td>100</td><td>99.8-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>918/918</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FluA H1-2009</td><td>Frozen</td><td>74/74</td><td>100</td><td>95.1-100</td><td>617/617</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>74/74</td><td>100</td><td>95.1-100</td><td>1535/1535</td><td>100</td><td>99.8-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>3/3</td><td>100</td><td>43.9-100</td><td>915/915</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FluA H3</td><td>Frozen</td><td>1/1</td><td>100</td><td>-</td><td>690/690</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>4/4</td><td>100</td><td>51.0-100</td><td>1605/1605</td><td>100</td><td>99.8-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>918/918</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">FluBi</td><td>Frozen</td><td>14/14</td><td>100</td><td>78.5-100</td><td>678/680</td><td>99.7</td><td>98.9-99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>14/14</td><td>100</td><td>78.5-100</td><td>1596/1598</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.5-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td></td><td>918/918</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">MERS-CoV</td><td>Frozen</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>694/694</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>0/0</td><td>•</td><td>•</td><td>1612/1612</td><td>100</td><td>99.8-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>5/5</td><td>100</td><td>56.6-100</td><td>913/913</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">PIV1</td><td>Frozen</td><td>4/4</td><td>100</td><td>51.0-100</td><td>689/690</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.2-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>9/9</td><td>100</td><td>70.1-100</td><td>1602/1603</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>46/47</td><td>97.9</td><td>88.9-99.6</td><td>863/871</td><td>99.1</td><td>98.2-99.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">PIV2k PIV3</td><td>Frozen</td><td>0/0</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>694/694</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>46/47</td><td>97.9</td><td>88.9-99.6</td><td>1557/1565</td><td>99.5</td><td>99.0-99.7</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>40/42</td><td>95.2</td><td>84.2-98.7</td><td>867/876</td><td>99.0</td><td>98.1-99.5</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>3/3</td><td>100</td><td>43.9-100</td><td>690/691</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.2-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">PIV4m</td><td>Overall</td><td>43/45</td><td>95.6</td><td>85.2-98.8</td><td>1557/1567</td><td>99.4</td><td>98.8-99.7</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>6/6</td><td>100</td><td></td><td>910/912</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>3/3</td><td>100</td><td>61.0-100</td><td>686/691</td><td>99.8</td><td>99.2-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>Overall</td><td>9/9</td><td>100</td><td>43.9-100</td><td>1596/1603</td><td>99.3 99.6</td><td>98.3-99.7</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td></td><td></td><td>70.1-100</td><td></td><td></td><td>99.1-99.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>44/45 131/131</td><td>97.8</td><td>88.4-99.6</td><td>867/873</td><td>99.3</td><td>98.5-99.7</td></tr><tr><td>RSVn</td><td>Frozen Overall</td><td></td><td>100</td><td>97.2-100</td><td>545/563</td><td>96.8</td><td>95.0-98.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>175/176</td><td></td><td>99.4 Bacteria</td><td>96.9-99.9</td><td>1412/1436</td><td>98.3</td><td>97.5-98.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">B. parapertussis 101)</td><td>Fresh</td><td>4/5</td><td>80.0</td><td>37.6-96.4</td><td>913/913</td><td>100</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>2/2</td><td>100</td><td>34.2-100</td><td>692/692</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>6/7</td><td>85.7</td><td>48.7-97.4</td><td>1605/1605</td><td>100</td><td>99.8-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>2/2</td><td>100</td><td>34.2-100</td><td>915/916</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>B. pertussis P</td><td>Frozen</td><td>0/1</td><td>0.0</td><td>-</td><td>693/693</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr></table>

BioFire Diagnostics 510(k) FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)

<table><tr><td rowspan="2" colspan="2">Analyte</td><td colspan="3">Positive Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="3">Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td>%</td><td>95%CI</td><td>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td>%</td><td>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>Overall</td><td>2/3</td><td>66.7</td><td>20.8-93.9</td><td>1608/1609</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>2/2</td><td>100</td><td>34.2-100</td><td>915/916</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">C. pneumoniae9</td><td>Frozen</td><td>3/3</td><td>100</td><td>43.9-100</td><td>691/691</td><td>100</td><td>99.4-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>5/5</td><td>100</td><td>56.6-100</td><td>1606/1607</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.6-100</td></tr><tr><td>Fresh</td><td>17/17</td><td>100</td><td>81.6-100</td><td>897/901</td><td>99.6</td><td>98.9-99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">M. pneumoniaer</td><td>Frozen</td><td>6/7</td><td>85.7</td><td>48.7-97.4</td><td>686/687</td><td>99.9</td><td>99.2-100</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>23/24</td><td>95.8</td><td>79.8-99.3</td><td>1583/1588</td><td>99.7</td><td>99.3-99.9</td></tr></table>

a Adenovirus was detected in 3/4 FN specimens using an independent molecular method. Adenovirus was detected in 38/48 FP specimens using an independent molecular method; an additional two FP specimens were indicated to have been collected from subjects with an acute history of adenovirus infection.   
The single FN specimen was negative for CoV-229E when tested using an independent molecular method. All five FP specimens were negative for CoV-229E when tested using an independent molecular method.

CoV-NL63 was detected in 3/10 FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; two were detected using an independent molecular method and one was detected upon comparator method retest.

e Of the eight FN specimens, six were TP for CoV-HKU1. They were confirmed to be due to a known cross-reactivity with CoV-HKU1 by the comparator method; All six specimens were negative for CoV-OC43 when tested with two independent PCR assays; the remaining two FN specimens were negative for CoV-OC43 when tested using an independent molecular method. CoV-OC43 was detected in 2/5 FP specimens upon comparator method retest.

Both FN specimens were negative for hMPV when tested using an independent molecular method. hMPV was detected in 6/8 FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; one was detected using an independent molecular method and five were detected upon comparator method retest.

g HRV/EV was detected in 5/11 FN specimens during discrepancy investigation; one was detected using an independent molecular method and four were detected upon FilmArray RP2 retest. HRV/EV was detected in 33/77 FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; four were detected using an independent molecular method and 29 were detected upon comparator method retest.

h Three specimens were excluded from influenza A analysis: one with a comparator method result of Influenza A (No Subtype Detected) and two FilmArray RP2 Influenza A (Equivocal) detections.

i FluB was detected in both FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; one was detected using an independent molecular method and one was detected upon comparator method retest.

j The single FP specimen was negative for PIV1 when tested using an independent molecular method.

k The single FN specimen was negative for PIV2 when tested using an independent molecular method. PIV2 was detected in 5/8 FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; one was detected using an independent molecular method and four were detected upon comparator method retest.

l PIV3 was detected in both FN specimens during discrepancy investigation; one was detected using an independent molecular method and one was detected upon FilmArray RP2 retest. PIV3 was detected in 4/10 FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; two were detected using an independent molecular method and two were detected upon comparator method retest.

m PIV4 was detected in 1/7 FP specimens using an independent molecular method n The single FN specimen was negative for RSV when tested using an independent molecular method. RSV was detected in 8/24 FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; three were detected using an independent molecular method and five were detected upon comparator method retest.

$^ { \circ } B .$ . parapertussis was detected in the single FN specimen upon FilmArray RP2 retest.

${ ^ \mathsf { p } } _ { B } .$ . pertussis was detected in the both the FN and FP specimens using an independent molecular method.

pneumoniae was detected in the single FP specimen using an independent molecular method.

M. pneumoniae was detected in the single FN specimen upon FilmArray RP2 retest. M. pneumoniae was detected in all five FP specimens during discrepancy investigation; three were detected using an independent molecular method and two were detected upon comparator method retest.

FilmArray RP2 reported a total of 245 specimens with discernible multiple organism detections ( $1 5 . 2 \%$ of all specimens, 245/1612; and $2 4 . 0 \%$ of positive specimens, 245/1020; Table 5). The majority of multiple detections (190/245; $7 7 . 6 \%$ contained two organisms, while $2 0 . 0 \%$ (49/245) contained three organisms, $1 . 6 \%$ (4/245) contained four organisms, $0 . 4 \%$ (1/245) contained five organisms, and $0 . 4 \%$ (1/245) contained six organisms. Out of the 245 specimens with multiple detections, 124 specimens $( 5 0 . 6 \%$ ; 124/245) were concordant with the comparator methods. One hundred twenty-one (121) specimens $( 4 9 . 4 \%$ ; 121/245) contained one or more organisms that had not been detected by the comparator methods (i.e. false positive results).

The three organisms that were most prevalent in multiple detections were also the three most prevalent organisms in the study as a whole (i.e. HRV/EV, RSV, and adenovirus). The most prevalent multiple detections $( \ge 5$ instances) are shown in Table 6.

Table 5. Prevalence of Analytes in Multiple Detections as determined by the FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prevalence in MultipleDetections (N=245)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-HKU1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. parapertussis (IS1001)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B. pertussis (ptxP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr></table>

The most prevalent multiple detection was adenovirus with HRV/EV ( $1 . 9 \%$ of all specimens; 30/1612) followed by HRV/EV with RSV ( $1 . 4 \%$ of all specimens; 22/1612); as previously stated these were also the most prevalent organisms detected in the study.

Table 6. Multiple Detection Combinations $\mathord { \left( \geq 5 \right. }$ instances) as Determined by the FilmArray RP2   
BioFire Diagnostics 510(k) FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Distinct Co-Detection Combinations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TotalMultipleDetections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Number ofSpecimens withFalse PositiveResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">False Positive Analyte(s)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus (15), HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (3), RSV (4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-HKU1 (4), RSV (3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-NL63 (2), RSV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (6), PIV2 (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (3), PIV3 (4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus (4), RSV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus (2), HRV/EV (3), RSV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-NL63 (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-HKU1 (1), HRV/EV (1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoV-OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV (3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HRV/EV</td></tr></table>

a Of the 67 discrepant analytes (out of 293 total analytes), 32 $( 4 7 . 8 \% )$ were observed as being present in the specimen during discrepancy investigation; 22/67 $( 3 2 . 8 \% )$ were observed using an independent molecular method and 13/67 $( 1 9 . 4 \% )$ were observed upon comparator method retest.

The overall success rate for initial specimen tests in the prospective study was $9 9 . 3 \%$ (1611/1623) $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 8 . 7 \% - 9 9 . 6 \% )$ ; 12 tests were unsuccessful (one due to an incomplete test, one due to an instrument error, and ten due to control failures). Two tests (2/1623; $0 . 1 \% )$ did not complete on the initial run, resulting in an instrument success rate of $9 9 . 9 \%$ (1621/1623) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 9 . 6 \% - 1 0 0 \% )$ for initial specimen tests. Both specimens were able to be retested and valid results were produced after a single retest. Ten tests $( 1 0 / 1 6 2 1 ; 0 . 6 \% )$ did not produce valid pouch controls, resulting in a pouch control success rate of $9 9 . 4 \%$ (1611/1621) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 8 . 9 \%$ - $9 9 . 7 \% )$ for completed runs in the initial specimen tests. Nine of the 10 invalid specimens were able to be retested and produced valid control results after a single retest; one was not able to be retested due to insufficient specimen volume.

# Testing of Preselected Archived Specimens

Some of the analytes on the FilmArray RP2 were of low prevalence and were not encountered in large enough numbers during the prospective study to adequately demonstrate system performance. To supplement the results of the prospective clinical study, an evaluation of preselected archived retrospective specimens was performed at BioFire. These specimens were archived NPS in VTM specimens that were selected because they had previously tested positive for one of the following analytes: coronavirus 229E, influenza A H1, influenza A H3, influenza B, parainfluenza virus 1, parainfluenza virus 4, Bordetella parapertussis, B. pertussis, and Chlamydia pneumoniae. Parainfluenza virus 2, parainfluenza virus 3, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae were also expected to be low prevalence based on BioFire data collected during the 2015-2016 respiratory season, therefore archived testing was performed for these analytes as well and included in the study data (although ultimately they were observed in larger numbers during the prospective clinical study).

A total of 217 preselected archived retrospective clinical specimens were initially received for testing in this retrospective study. Prior to testing with the FilmArray RP2, the composition/integrity of the specimens was first confirmed with confirmatory molecular methods (PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing for $B _ { \cdot }$ . parapertussis or an FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel.

The specimens were divided into two different groups for testing based on the method of confirmation testing performed: all specimens containing analytes on the FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogens panel comparator method were tested in Group 1 and specimens containing $B$ . parapertussis were tested in Group 2. Negative NPS specimens were also included in each group for testing.

The FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel comparator method was performed on 197 of the 217 preselected archived retrospective clinical specimens only (Group 1). One of the 197 specimens was excluded from performance analysis because of an invalid FilmArray RP2 run with insufficient volume to retest. Additionally, two of the 197 specimens were also excluded from performance analysis because a valid FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogens panel comparator method confirmation result was not obtained and there was insufficient specimen volume for retesting: one comparator run was incomplete and the other comparator run had a control failure. Valid comparator method and FilmArray RP2 results were obtained for 194 of these 197 archived specimens (Group 1).

The B. parapertussis PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing comparator assays were performed on 20 of the 217 preselected archived retrospective clinical specimens only (Group 2). The FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogens panel comparator method was not performed on Group 2 specimens. Valid comparator method and FilmArray RP2 results were obtained for 20 of these 20 archived specimens.

A summary of the available demographic information of these 214 valid archived specimens is provided in Table 7.

Table 7. Available Demographic Summary for All Valid Archived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 (35%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81 (38%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 (27%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Age Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78 (36%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 - 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 (21%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 - 49 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+ years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 (27%)</td></tr></table>

All Group 1 and Group 2 positive archived specimens (as determined at the source laboratory) that were not confirmed by the respective comparator method were further excluded from the performance calculation for each of the respective analytes.

The FilmArray RP2 retrospective specimens testing performance data against the comparator methods are provided in Table 8 by analyte.

Table 8. FilmArray RP2 Archived Specimen Performance Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189/194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1-98.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV- 229E a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175/175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-HKU1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194/194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194/194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.4-99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168/175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0-98.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172/172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191/191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A 2009-H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193/193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176/176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177/177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178/178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2 c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177/177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175/177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174/177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1-99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis (S1001) d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis (ptxP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25/26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1-99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160/162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176/176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171/173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9-99.7</td></tr></table>

a Four of 19 CoV-229E positive archived specimens by the source laboratory were not confirmed by the comparator method and therefore were excluded from the performance calculation for CoV-229E b One of the 17 Influenza B positive archived specimens by the source laboratory was not confirmed by the comparator method and therefore was excluded from the performance calculation for Influenza B. c One of the 17 Parainfluenza Virus 2 positive archived specimens the source laboratory was not confirmed by the comparator method and therefore was excluded from the performance calculation for Parainfluenza Virus 2 . d The comparator $B$ . parapertussis PCR followed by sequencing assays were performed on 20 achieved specimens only (Group 2). The comparator method for the other analytes was not performed on these 20 specimens. Six of the $3 1 B$ . pertussis positive archived specimens by the source laboratory were not confirmed by the comparator method and therefore were excluded from the performance calculation for $B$ . pertussis. f One of the $1 7 C .$ . pneumoniae positive archived specimens by the source laboratory was not confirmed by the comparator method and therefore was excluded from the performance calculation for $C .$ . pneumoniae. g Five of the $2 1 M .$ . pneumoniae positive archived specimens by the source laboratory were not confirmed by the comparator method and therefore were excluded from the performance calculation for M. pneumoniae.

# Testing of Contrived Specimens

Influenza A H1 is of such rarity that that both prospective and retrospective archived testing efforts were insufficient to demonstrate system performance. To supplement the prospective and retrospective data, an evaluation of contrived specimens was performed at one of the three clinical testing sites participating in the prospective evaluation. Contrived clinical specimens were prepared using individual unique residual NPS specimens that had previously tested

negative by the FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel (i.e., the same test as the comparator method employed in the prospective and retrospective clinical evaluations) at the source laboratory. Spiking was performed using multiple quantified isolates of Influenza A H1. The spiking scheme was such that at least 25 of the contrived positive specimens had analyte concentrations at $2 \times$ the limit of detection (LoD), while the remaining 25 contrived positive specimens were at additional concentrations that spanned the clinically relevant range which was based on FilmArray $^ { \textregistered } \mathrm { R P 2 } \mathrm { C p }$ observations of influenza A (A H1, A H-2009, and H3) from the prospective and archived specimen studies. Contrived positive specimens were prepared and randomized along with 50 un-spiked influenza A H1 negative specimens such that the analyte status of each contrived specimen was unknown to the users performing the testing. The results of the FilmArray RP2 testing contrived specimens are presented in Table 9.

Table 9. FilmArray RP2 Performance Using Contrived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>× LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Influenza A H1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/23 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.0-99.2</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>92.9-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.3-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/48 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.1-99.6</td></tr></table>

a The FN specimen was spiked with influenza A/Weiss/43; this strain was detected at all other concentrations. Two specimens (also spiked with strain A/Weiss/43) had a result of Influenza A Equivocal or Influenza A H1 Equivocal and were excluded from Influenza A H1 performance calculation.

# Selected Analytical Studies

# Limit of Detection

The limit of detection (LoD) for FilmArray RP2 analytes was estimated by testing dilutions of contrived samples containing known concentrations of organisms. Confirmation of LoD was achieved by testing 20 replicates on FilmArray 2.0 and 20 replicates on FilmArray Torch. LoD was confirmed when the organism was detected in at least 19 of the 20 replicates tested ( $1 9 / 2 0 =$ $9 5 \%$ . The confirmed LoD for each FilmArray RP2 analyte is listed in Table 10 in viable units. An equivalent DNA or RNA copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ was calculated based on an alternate quantitative PCR assay for each analyte. LoD is equivalent when testing on FilmArray 2.0 and FilmArray Torch systems.

Table 10. Summary of Limit of Detection (LoD) for FilmArray RP2 Analytes   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RP2 Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoDConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Torch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Adenovirusa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species A, Serotype 18ATCC VR-19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E+00 TCID50/mL7.6E+03 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species B, Serotype 7AZeptometrix 0810021CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E-02 TCID50/mL3.9E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species C, Serotype 2ATCC VR-846</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0E+00 TCID50/mL3.7E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species D, Serotype 37Zeptometrix 0810119CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E-02 TCID50/mL9.0E+00 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species E, Serotype 4aS. Carolina/2004, UIRF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+01 TCID50/mL3.0E+03 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species F, Serotype 41Tak, ATCC VR-930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+00 TCID50/mL1.2E+02 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-740</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0E-01 TCID50/mL6.5E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0E+03 RNA copies/mLb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEINR-470</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5E-01 TCID50/mL5.4E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-759</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0E+01 TCID50/mL5.6E+02 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16, Type A1 IA10-2003Zeptometrix 0810161CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+01 TCID50/mL1.2E+03 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human RhinovirusType 1AZeptometrix 0810012CFN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E-01 TCID50/mL8E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68ATCC VR-1823</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0E+02 TCID50/mL2.6E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1N1A/New Caledonia/20/99Zeptometrix 0810036CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+03 TCID50/mL1.4E+02 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1N1 pdmA/Swine/NY/03/2009Zeptometrix 0810249CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E-01 TCID50/mL3.3E+02 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza H3N2A/Port Chalmers/1/73ATCC VR-810</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E-01 TCID50/mL2.1E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/2000%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/FL/04/06Zeptometrix 0810255CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E+00 TCID50/mL3.4E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1Zeptometrix 0810014CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E+00 TCID50/mL1.0E+03 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/201000%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 2Zeptometrix 0810015CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E-01 TCID50/mL3.0E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 3Zeptometrix 0810016CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5E+00 TCID50/mL3.8E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4aZeptometrix 0810060CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E+01 TCID50/mL1.6E+03 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type AZeptometrix 0810040ACF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0E-02 TCID5/mL9.0E+00 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis(IS1001)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A747Zeptometrix 0801461</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.1E+01 CFU/mL6.0E+01 IS1001 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis (ptxP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A639Zeptometrix 0801459</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TW183ATCC VR-2282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E-01 TCID50/mL6.6E+01 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/2095%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M129Zeptometrix 0801579</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+01 TCID50/mL4.6E+02 copies/mLd</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20100%</td></tr></table>

a The differences in LoD concentration between Adenovirus species $5 . 0 \mathrm { E } { - 0 2 } - 1 . 0 \mathrm { E } { + 0 1 } \ \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ or between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus (1.0E-01 $- 3 . 0 \mathrm { E + } 0 2 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ) may not indicate actual differences in detection of different species or serotypes, but rather the variability of the $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ measurement method.

b A cultured isolate of Coronavirus HKU1 was not available for testing. LoD for Coronavirus HKU1 was therefore determined by testing dilutions of a clinica NPS specimen known to contain the virus. The amount of viral RNA in the specimen (in RNA copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ ) was determined by real-time RT-PCR against standard curve.

c IS1001 sequences can be present in more than one copy per cell, so the relationship between $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ and copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ may vary from strain to strain and culture to culture. LoD was determined based on the copy number of IS1001 measured by an independent quantitative real-time PCR assay and for this culture.

d The copy number of Mycoplasma pneumoniae was determined by a multicopy assay (16S rRNA) and may not accurately reflect the number of copies detected by the single-copy FilmArray RP2 gene target.

Note: LoD concentrations of the cultured viruses and obligate intracelleular bacteria ( $C .$ pneumoniae and $M .$ . pneumoniae) are provided in units of $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ ( $50 \%$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose). $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ is an indirect measure of viral or bacterial concentration based on infectivity and cytotoxicity and will therefore vary considerably depending on technique and methodology (including cell type, culture media and conditions, cytotoxicity of the virus, etc.). It is not appropriate to make determinations on relative sensitivity of different molecular assays for detection of viruses and bacteria based on LoD values measured in $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ .

# Inclusivity

Analytical reactivity (inclusivity) was evaluated with a collection of 177 isolates that represent temporal and geographic diversity of FilmArray RP2 analytes, including relevant species, strains, serotypes, or genotypes. All isolates tested were detected by the FilmArray RP2 at concentrations within $1 0 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ . When possible, in silico analysis of sequence data was used to make predictions of assay reactivity for less common strains or serotypes that were not tested but that may be detected by the FilmArray RP2 (Table 11 - Table 22).

RP2 influenza A assays will react variably with non-human influenza A viruses and rarely encountered human influenza A viruses that are not H1, H1-2009 or H3; generally producing Influenza A Equivocal or Influenza A (no subtype detected) results.

Note: FilmArray RP2 Influenza A (subtype) and Influenza B assays are predicted to react with attenuated viruses used in vaccines.

Table 11. Adenovirus Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDectected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Huie/Massachusetts]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=27 colspan=1>AdenovirusDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Washington DC/1954]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810073CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810062CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810021CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7d/d2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa/2001]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa/1999]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Wisconsin/2005]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Missouri/2005]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[CH.79/Saudia Arabia/1955]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Missouri/2005]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-716</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Compton/1972]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-718</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Holden]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1602</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Wan/Amsterdam/1988]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810050CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-846</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Adenoid 6]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810020CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Tonsil 99/Washington DC]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810069CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810115CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810119CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[S Carolina/2004]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810070CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810084CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPV 0101141v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Tak/73-3544/Netherlands/1973]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810085CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

a In silico analysis of available sequences predicts that the FilmArray RP2 will also react with Adenovirus B55, C57, species D serotypes, and G52.

Table 12. Coronavirus Isolates/Specimens Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoronavirusType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDectected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-740</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229E</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810229CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HKU1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Utah/2015]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Coronavirus HKU1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Utah/2015]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Utah/2015]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[S. Carolina/2010]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Detroit/2010]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-470a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Amsterdam/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coronavirus NL63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810228CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-759b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810024CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

a Organism obtained through the NIH Biodefense and Emerging Infections Research Resources Repository, NIAID, NIH: Human Coronavirus NL63, NR-470.

Table 13. Human Metapneumovirus Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810161CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa10/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>HumanMetapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810160CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa3/2002]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810163CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa14/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810164CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa27/2004]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810156CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Peru2/2002]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810158CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Peru3/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa7/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810157CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Peru1/2002]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810159CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Peru6/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810162CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa18/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Univ of Iowa Research Foundation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Iowa16/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

Table 14. Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Human Rhinovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810012CFN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1A]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=14 colspan=1>HumanRhinovirus/Enterovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[HGP]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[68-CV11]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[11757/WashingtonDC/1960]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-507a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[137-3]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Ch47]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[130-63]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[50-525-CV54]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-483</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[FEB]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1059/S Carolina/1959]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[33342/N Carolina/1959]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[5870]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[56822]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Baylor 7]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[NY/1950]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>HumanRhinovirus/Enterovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[H]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810017CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810074CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810075CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810076CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810077CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810023CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Kuykendall/California/1952]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[DN-19/Texas/1963]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[US/MO/2014-18947]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr></table>

a Discontinued part number; see ATCC VR-1365.

# Table 15. Influenza A Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>H1N1</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=2>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810036CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[New Caledonia/20/1999]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>Influenza AH1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[NWS/1933]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[PR/8/1934]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Weiss/1943]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[FM/1/1947]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Mal/302/1954]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-546</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Denver/1/1957]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810036CFN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Solomon Isl/03/2006]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810244CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Brisbane/59/2007]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Swine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Swine/Iowa/15/1930]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Swine/1976/1931]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-897</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/New Jersey/8/76 (Hsw1N1)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10xa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H1N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Recombinant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-9677b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Kilbourne F63, A/NWS/1934 (HA) xA/Rockefeller Institute/5/1957 (NA)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>H1N1pdm09</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=2>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810249CFN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[SwineNY/03/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Influenza AH1-2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810248CFN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[SwineNY/01/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810109CFN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[SwineNY/02/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810109CFJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Canada/6294/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810165CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[California/07/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810166CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Mexico/4108/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-19823c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Netherlands/2629/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-44345d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Hong Kong/H090-761-V1(0)/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-42938</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Georgia/F32551/2012]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>H3N28</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=2>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Port Chalmers/1/1973]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Influenza AH3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-776</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Alice (live attenuated vaccine)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810238CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Texas/50/2012]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-547</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Aichi/2/1968]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-544</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Hong Kong/8/1968]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Victoria/3/1975]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810252CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Wisconsin/67/2005]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810138CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Brisbane/10/2007]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Recombinant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-777</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[MCR2(A/England/42/72xA/PR8/34)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H3N2v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Ohio/2012]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>H2N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-2775h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Japan/305/1957]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza A(no subtypedetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Recombinant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-9679i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Korea/426/1968xPuerto Rico/8/1934 ]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H2N3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Avian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRI Globalj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Mallard/Alberta/79/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AEquivocal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRI Global&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Chicken/Yunnan/1251/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Influenza A(no subtypedetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRI Global j</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Northernpintail/Washington/40964/2014]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H5N3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-9682k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Duck/Singapore/645/1997]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>H5N8</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRI Global&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Gryfalcon/Washington/41088-6/2014]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H7N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRI Global&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Netherlands/219/2003]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H7N9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRI Global</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A/Anhui/01/2013]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H10N7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-27651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Chicken/Germany/N/49]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AEquivocal</td></tr></table>

a Reported as Influenza A (no subtype detected) at $3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ . b Genomic RNA obtained through the NIH Biodefense and Emerging Infections Research Resources Respiratory NAID, NIH Kilbourne F63: A/NWS/1934 (HA) $\mathbf { X }$ A/Rockefeller Institute/5/1957 (NA) (H1N2), Reassortant NWS-F, NR-9677. c Organism obtained through BEI Resources, NIAID, NIH: Influenza A Virus, A/Netherlands/2629/2009 (H1N1)pdm09, NR-19823. d Organism obtained through BEI Resources, NIAID, NIH: Influenza A Virus, A/Hong Kong/H090-761-V1(0)/2009 (H1N1)pdm09, NR-44345. e Reported as Influenza A Equivocal or Influenza A (no subtype detected) at $3 \times$ LoD. f Organism obtained through BEI Resources, NIAID, NIH: Influenza A Virus, A/Georgia/F32551/2012 (H1N1)pdm09, NR-42938. g Human isolates of recent swine variant H3N2 viruses (H3N2v) were not available for testing, but reactivity near LoD is predicted by sequence analysis. h Genomic RNA obtained through the NIH Biodefense and Emerging Infections Research Resources Repository, NIAID, NIH: Genomic RNA from Influenza A Virus, A/Japan/305/1957 (H2N2), NR-2775.

Table 16. Influenza B Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Lee/1940]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Allen/1945]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[GL/1739/1954]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1/Maryland/1959]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[2/Taiwan/1962]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-786</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Brigit/Russia/1969]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Victoria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[5/Hong Kong/1972]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810258CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[2506/Malaysia/2004]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC 2005743348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1/Ohio/2005]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Yamagata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810256CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[07/Florida/2004]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810255CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[04/Florida/2006]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810241CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1/Wisconsin/2010]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810239CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[2/Massachusetts/2012]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

i Genomic RNA obtained through the NIH Biodefense and Emerging Infections Research Resources Repository, NIAID, NIH: Genomic RNA from Kilbourne F38: A/Korea/426/1968 (HA, NA) x A/Puerto Rico/8/1934 (H2N2), NR-9679. j Isolate provided and tested by MRI Global, Kansas City, MO. k Genomic RNA obtained through the NIH Biodefense and Emerging Infections Research Resources Repository NIAID, NIH: Genomic RNA from Kilbourne F181: A/duck/Singapore/645/1997 (H5N3), Wild Type, NR-9682. l Genomic RNA obtained through the NIH Biodefense and Emerging Infections Research Resources Repository NIAID, NIH: Genomic RNA from Influenza A Virus, A/chicken/Germany/N/1949 (H10N7), NR-2765

Table 17. Parainfluenza Virus Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810014CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[C-35/Washington DC/1957]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-3226a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[C39]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-48680b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[FRA/29221106/2009]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810015CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Greer/Ohio/1955]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810016CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[C-243/Washington DC/1957]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-3233c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[NIH 47885, Wash/47885/57]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810060CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[M-25/1958]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810060BCF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[CH-19503/WashingtonDC/1962]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

a Discontinued part number. b Obtained through BEI Resources, NIAID, NIH: Human Parainfluenza Virus 1, HPIV1/FRA/29221106/2009, NR-48680. c Obtained through BEI Resources, NIAID, NIH: Human Parainfluenza Virus 3, NIH 47885, NR-3233.

Table 18. Respiratory Syncytial Virus Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810040ACF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[2006]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>RespiratorySyncytial Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Long/Maryland/1956]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A2/Melbourne/1961]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810040CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Ch-93 (18)-18]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[WV/14617/1985]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-955</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[9320/Massachusetts/1977]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-1580</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[18537/Washington DC/1962]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td></tr></table>

Table 19. Bordetella parapertussis (and Bordetella bronchiseptica) Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoDDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0801461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A747]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Bordetellaparapertussis(IS1001)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0801462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[E595]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[NCTC 10853]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[NCTC 5952]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-587</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[12822/Germany/1993]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica(containing IS1001)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NRRL B-59909</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[MBORD849/Pig/Netherlands]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

a Reactivity with IS1001 sequences in B. bronchiseptica represents the intended reactivity of the assay, however the analyte will be inaccurately reported as B. parapertussis. The assay does not react with IS1001-like sequences in B. holmesii (see Analytical Reactivity).

Table 20. Bordetella pertussis Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoD Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0801459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[A639]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Bordetellapertussis (ptxP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0801460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[E431]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 8467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[F]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[5,17921]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9797</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[18323/NCTC 10739]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[10-536]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[CNCTC Hp 12/63,623]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Tohama]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1335</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[MN2531]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

Table 21. Chlamydia pneumoniae Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td>Isolate ID/Source</td><td>[Strain/Location/Year]</td><td>xLoD Detected</td><td>Result</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC VR-2282</td><td>[TW-183/Taiwan/1965]</td><td>1x</td><td rowspan="4">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC VR-1310</td><td>[CWL-029]</td><td>3x</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC VR-1360</td><td>[CM-1/Georgia]</td><td>3x</td></tr><tr><td>ATCC 53592</td><td>[AR-39/Seattle/1983]</td><td>3x</td></tr></table>

Table 22. Mycoplasma pneumoniae Isolates Tested and Detected by FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate ID/Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Strain]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xLoD Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0801579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[M129]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Mycoplasmapneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[M129-B7]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[PI 1428]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15531</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[FH strain of Eaton Agent [NCTC 10119]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Mac]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[M52]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Bru]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 39505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[Mutant 22]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[UTMB-10P]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

# Exclusivity

The potential for non-specific amplification and detection by the FilmArray RP2 assays was evaluated in silico by sequence analysis and testing of high concentrations of organisms in contrived samples. A total of 22 on-panel organisms were tested to assess the potential for intrapanel cross-reactivity and 50 off-panel organisms were tested to evaluate panel specificity. Offpanel organisms included normal respiratory flora and pathogens that may be present in NPS

specimens as well as near-neighbors or species genetically related to the organisms detected by the FilmArray RP2. The on-panel and off-panel organisms tested are shown in Table 23.

The final concentration of analyte in the sample (typically at least $1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacteria and fungi and at least $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for viruses) represented levels ${ \sim } 7 0 - 4 0 0 { , } 0 0 0$ fold higher than the LoD of the FilmArray RP2 assays. Some potential for intra-panel cross-reactivity with Bordetella species and Influenza A subtypes of swine origin was predicted by sequence analysis and observed when tested at high concentrations, as summarized in Table 24.

Table 23. Organisms Tested for Evaluation of FilmArray RP2 Analytical Specificity Organisms with the potential for non-specific amplification by a FilmArray RP2 assay are shown in bold   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>On-Panel Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-Panel Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229 E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus HKU1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia (Chlamydophila)pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1N1 pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus (Echovirus 6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Hsw1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Off-Panel Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Off-Panel Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bocavirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (CMV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella hinzii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella holmesii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella bozemanii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella dumofi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Middle East RespiratorySyndrome Coronavirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella feeleii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella longbeacheae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Off-Panel Fungi/Yeast</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella micdadei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma orale</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus fumigatus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diphteriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria elongata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus flavus</td></tr></table>

a Two different clinical specimens containing up to $\overline { { 8 . 9 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 } } }$ RNA copies/mL of Coronavirus HKU1. b Heat-inactivated viral culture obtained through BEI Resources, NIAID, NIH: Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV), EMC/2012, Heat-Inactivated, NR-50171.

Table 24. Predicted and Observed Cross-Reactivity of the FilmArray RP2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactive Organism(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArrayRP2 Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-pertussis Bordetella species(e.g., Bordetella parapertussisBordetella bronchiseptica²)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis (ptxP) b,c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Bordetella pertussis (ptxP) assay can amplifypertussis toxin pseudogene sequences in B.bronchiseptica and B. parapertussis primarilywhen present at high concentration (≥1.2E+09CFU/mL).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica²(with IS1001 sequences)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Some strains of B. bronchiseptica carry IS1001insertion sequences identical to those carried byB. parapertussis. These sequences will beefficiently amplified by the IS1001 assay andreported by FilmArray RP2 as Bordetellaparapertussis (IS1001).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussisBordetella parapertussisBordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirusd,e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus assay mayamplify off-target sequences found in strains of B.pertussis, B. bronchiseptica, and B. parapertussiswhen present at high concentration. Cross-reactivitywith B. pertussis was observed at a concentration of4.5E+07 CFU/mL or higher.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1N1(swine origin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1-2009f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Influenza A H1-2009 assay may react withH1 hemagglutinin gene sequences from viruses ofswine origin.FilmArray RP2 will report either Influenza A H1or Influenza A H1-2009, depending on the strainand concentration in the samplef.</td></tr></table>

a B. bronchiseptica infection is rare in humans and more common in domesticated animals (‘kennel cough’). b Cross-reactivity was observed only when tested at a high concentration $\left( \ge 1 . 2 \mathrm { E } \mathrm { + } 0 9 \mathrm { C F U / m L } \right)$ . c Cross-reactivity between the Bordetella pertussis $( p t x P )$ assay and $B$ . parapertussis will be reported as a co-detection (Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001) Detected and Bordetella pertussis $( p t x P )$ Detected); while cross-reactivity with most strains of B. bronchiseptica (that do not carry IS1001) will be reported only as Bordetella pertussis (ptxP) Detected. d Cross-reactivity with $B$ . pertussis was observed when tested at a concentration of $4 . 5 \mathrm { E } { + 0 7 }$ CFU/mL and higher. Cross-reactivity with B. parapertussis and $B$ . bronchiseptica is predicted based on in silico analysis, but was not observed when tested at a concentration of $1 . 2 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 9 $ CFU/mL. e Cross-reactivity between the Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus assays and $B$ . pertussis or $B$ . parapertussis will be reported as a co-detection (Bordetella pertussis (ptxP) Detected and Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus Detected or Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001) Detected and Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus Detected); while cross-reactivity with most strains of $B$ . bronchiseptica (that do not carry IS1001) will be reported (falsely) only as Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus Detected. f Swine origin Hsw1N1 (A/New Jersey/8/1976 ; ATCC VR-897) was detected as either Influenza A H1 or Influenza A H1-2009 at a concentration of $8 . 9 \mathrm { E } { + 0 6 }$ CEID50/mL.

# Interference

Potentially interfering substances that could be present in NPS specimens or introduced during specimen collection and testing were evaluated for their effect on FilmArray RP2 performance. Substances included endogenous substances that may be found in specimens at normal or elevated levels (e.g. blood, mucus/mucin, human genomic DNA), various commensal or infectious microorganisms, medications, washes or topical applications for the nasal passage, various swabs and transport media for specimen collection, and substances used to clean, decontaminate, or disinfect work areas.

Each substance was added to contrived samples containing representative organisms at concentrations near $( 2 - 3 \times )$ LoD. The concentration of substance added to the samples (Table 25) was equal to or greater than the highest level expected to be in NPS specimens.

None of the substances were shown to interfere with the FilmArray RP2 function. However, it was observed that exposure of samples to bleach prior to testing could damage the

organisms/nucleic acids in the sample, leading to inaccurate FilmArray RP2 test results (lack of analyte detection). The effect of bleach was dependent on the concentration and/or length of time the bleach was allowed to interact with the sample.

Table 25. Evaluation of Potentially Interfering Substances on the FilmArray RP2   
BioFire Diagnostics 510(k) FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Endogenous Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Mucus (Sputum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 swab/mL sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 ng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Competitive Microorganisms</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7E+04 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus A12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8E+08 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6E+07 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+07 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2E+04 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Exogenous Substancesa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin (systemic antibotic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin(active ingredient in anti-bacterial ointment)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline Nasal Spray with Preservatives(0.65% NaCl, Phenylcarbinol, Benzalkonium chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Decongestant Spray(Oxymetazoline HC1 0.05%, Benzalkonium chloride, phosphate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analgesic ointment (Vicks®VapoRub®)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Petroleum Jelly (Vaseline®)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Snuff (Tobacco)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Disinfecting/Cleaning Substances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bleach</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% and 2% v/v[up to 1024 ppm chlorine]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferenceb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disinfecting wipes (ammonium chloride)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">½/ in{2}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNAZap (Ambion™M AM9891G &amp; AM9892G)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNaseZap (Ambion™M AM9782)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Specimen Collection Materials</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rayon Swabs (Copan 168C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nylon Flocked Swabs (Copan 553C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyester Swabs (Copan 175KS01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium Alginate Swabs (Puritan 25-801 A 50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4 Transport Medium (Remel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4-RT® Transport Medium (Remel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M5 Transport Medium (Remel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M6™ Transport Medium (Remel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Universal Viral Transport vial (BD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sigma-Virocult™ Viral Collection and Transport System(Swab and Transport Medium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan ESwab™M Sample Collection and Delivery System(Swab and Liquid Amies Medium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr></table>

a Nasal influenza vaccines (e.g. FluMist) were not evaluated, but are predicted to be reactive with the FilmArray RP2 Influenza A (subtype) and Influenza B assays. b Not Detected results were reported for several analytes after incubation of the sample with $2 \%$ bleach for 10 minutes or overnight. It was concluded that interference resulted primarily from damage to the organisms/nucleic acids in the sample, rather than inhibition or interference with pouch function(s).

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility testing of contrived samples was performed at three test sites on a combination of FilmArray 2.0 and FilmArray Torch systems. The study incorporated a range of potential variation introduced by site, day, operator (at least two per site), system, instrument or Torch module (at least three per site/sample), and pouch lot (at least three). The samples contained various combinations of twelve different FilmArray RP2 analytes, each at three different concentrations (Negative, Low Positive $( 1 \times \mathrm { L o D } )$ , and Moderate Positive $\left( 3 { \times } \mathrm { L o D } \right)$ ). Frozen samples were repeatedly tested on five different days for 120 data points per sample (60 per system) over 480 total valid runs.

A summary of results (percent $( \% )$ agreement with the expected Detected or Not Detected result) for each analyte (by site and system) is provided in Table 26.

Table 26. Reproducibility of FilmArray RP2 Results on FilmArray Torch and FilmArray 2.0 Systems   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>FilmArray Torch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>FilmArray 2.0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>All Sites/Systems(95% C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Sub-Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemSuSb-Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AdenovirusC2ATCC VR-846</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3× LoD6.0E+00 TCID50/mL(1.1E+02 copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/6098.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/6098.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/12098.3%(94.1%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1× LoD2.1E+00 TCID50/mL(3.7E+01 copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/6098.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119/12099.2%(95.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None(no analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None(no analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240/240100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240/240100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480/480100%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus HKU1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None(no analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240/240100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240/240100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480/480100%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr></table>

BioFire Diagnostics 510(k) FilmArray Respiratory Panel 2 (RP2)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ExpectedResult</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">FilmArray Torch</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">FilmArray 2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">All Sites/Systems(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Sub-Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Sub-Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Coronavirus OC43ATCC VR-759</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD9.0E+01 TCID50/mL(1.7E+03 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58/6096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117/12097.5%(92.9%-99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1 LoOD3.0E+01 TCID50/mL(5.6E+02 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27/3090.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57/6095.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117/12097.5%(92.9%-99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480/480100%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HumanMetapneumovirusType 16, A1IA10-2003Zeptometrix0810161CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD3.0E+01 TCID50/mL(3.6E+03 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/12010%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD1.0E+01 TCID50/mL(1.2E+03 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/6010%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/3093.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58/6096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/12098.3%(94.1%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/12010%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/1201000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HumanRinvirus/EnterovirusRhinovirus 1AZeptometrix0810012CFN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD3.0E-01 TCID5/mL(1.1E+02 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/601000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/3093.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58/6096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/12098.3%(94.1%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD1.0E-01 TCID50/mL(3.8E+01 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/12000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/12000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Influenza A H3Influenza A H3N2A/PortChalmers/1/73ATCC VR-810</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD3.0E-01 TCID50/mL(6.3E+01 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/12099.2%(95.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD1.0E-01 TCID50/mL(2.1E+01 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/12000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AH1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480/480100%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/12010%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480/48000%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Influenza BB/FL/04/06Zeptometrix0810255CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD1.5E+01 TCID50/mL(1.0E+02 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× D5.0E+00 TCID50/mL(3.4E+01 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480/480100%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parainfluenza Virus2Type 2 eptometrix0810015CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD1.5E+00 TCID50/mL(9.0E+01 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/12098.3%(94.1%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1 LoOD5.0E-01 TCID50/mL(3.0E+01 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27/3090.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57/6095.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116/12096.7%(91.7%-99.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Virus3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480/480100%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parainfluenza Virus4Type 4aZetometrix0810060CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD1.5E+02 TCID50/mL(4.8E+03 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD5.0E+01 TCID50/mL(1.6E+03 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/12098.3%(94.1%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">RespiratorySyncytial VirusType AZeptometrix0810040ACF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD6.0E-02 TCID50/mL(2.7E+01 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD2.0E-02 TCID50/mL(9.0E+00 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/12098.3%(94.1%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Sub-Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemSu b-Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/24000%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGYellowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">cYanmaGYellowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bordetellaparapertussis(1001)A747Zeptometrix0801461</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD1.8E+02 IS1001copies/mL(1.2E+02 CFU/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/12099.2%(95.4%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD6.0E+01 IS1001copies/mL (4.1E+01CFU/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/30a80.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53/60a88.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112/12093.3%%(87.3%-97.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bordetella pertussis(ptxP)A639Zeptometrix0801459</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD3.0E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD1.0E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/3093.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58/6096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/12098.3%(94.1%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Chlamydia(Chlamydophila)pneumoniaeTW183ATCC VR-2282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate Positive3× LoD3.0E-01 TCID50/mL(2.0E+02 copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%(97.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive1× LoD1.0E-01 TCID50/mL(6.6E+01 copies/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/3093.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58/6096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117/12097.5%(92.9%-99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%(98.5%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasmapneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None(no analyte)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">480/480100%(99.2%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Overall Agreement with the Expected ResultAll Analytes and All Test Levels(95% Confidence Interval)</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">9,562/9,60099.6%(99.5% - 99.7%)</td></tr></table>

a Data from Site A were further reviewed by the unique site-specific variables including test day, Torch module, and operator. No correlation could be found between the Not Detected results and any one or more of these variables. The Not Detected results at Site A were found to be statistically non-significant $( \mathtt { p } { > } 0 . 0 5$ by Fisher’s exact test) and therefore do not indicate a site- or system-dependent variance in precision of the FilmArray RP2 Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001) results.

The reproducibility (standard deviation) of melting temperature $\mathrm { ( T m ) }$ for the amplification products generated by the FilmArray RP2 was also evaluated, with a Tm standard deviation for each assay $\mathbf { o f } \pm 0 . 5 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C }$ or less observed within and between the FilmArray 2.0 and FilmArray Torch systems (Table 27).

Table 27. Reproducibility of Tm $( ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C } )$ For Select FilmArray RP2 Assays on FilmArray Torch and FilmArray 2.0 Systems Mean Tm values are calculated from a combination of Tm values obtained at the $^ { 3 \times }$ LoD and $1 \times$ LoD concentrations.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Tm Observed ()</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>FilmArray Torch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>FilmArray 2.0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All Sites/Systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>yeastRNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>VIRUSES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus C2(ATCC VR-846)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adeno2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adeno6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43(ATCC VR-759)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoV-OC43-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus(Zeptometrix 0810161CF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hMPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus(Zeptometrix 0810012CFN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HRV/EV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A H3N2(ATCC VR-810)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA-pan1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA-pan2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluA-H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B(Zeptometrix 0810255CF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 2(Zeptometrix 0810015CF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 4(Zeptometrix 0810060CF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIV4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus(Zeptometrix 0810040ACF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>BACTERIA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis(Zeptometrix 0801461)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IS1001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis(Zeptometrix 0801459)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ptxP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae(ATCC VR-2282)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cpne</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 0.3</td></tr></table>

a Calculated from results at the $3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ and $1 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ test concentrations combined.