GENEPOC INC.   
GUY SEVIGNY   
SENIOR REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 360 RUE FRANQUET   
QUEBEC G1P 4N3   
CA

Re: K170557 Trade/Device Name: GenePOC GBS LB Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. serological reagents Regulatory Class: I Product Code: NJR, OOI Dated: February 23, 2017 Received: February 24, 2017

Dear Mr. Sevigny:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. Sevigny

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S For

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K170557

Device Name GenePOC GBS LB

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GenePOC™ GBS LB assay performed on the revogene™ instrument is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed to detect Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from 18-24 hour LIM broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from pregnant women. The GenePOC GBS LB assay utilizes automated sample processing and real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to detect a cfb gene sequence specific to the Streptococcus agalactiae genome.

The GenePOC GBS LB assay is indicated for the identification of antepartum GBS colonization and does not provide susceptibility results. It is not intended to diagnose or monitor treatment of GBS infection. Culture isolates are needed for performing susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K SUMMARY

# A. GENERAL INFORMATION

Submission Date:

February 23, 2017

# Submitter Information:

Submitted By:

GenePOC Inc. 360 rue Franquet, Suite 100 Porte 3 Québec (Québec) G1P 4N3

# Contact Person:

Guy Sevigny   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
GenePOC Inc.   
Telephone: $+ 1$ 418 650-3535 ext. 261 Fax:   
Email: guy.sevigny@genepoc.ca

# B. PURPOSE FOR SUBMISSION:

To obtain a substantial equivalence determination for the GenePOC Group B Step (GBS) LB test

C. MEASURAND: cfb gene of Streptococcus agalactiae (Group B Streptococcus, GBS)

D. TYPE OF TEST: Real-time Polymerase chain reaction (rtPCR)

# E. DEVICE INFORMATION:

1. Trade Name: GenePOC GBS LB

2. Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3740 - Streptococcal spp. serological reagents

3. Classification: Class I

4. Product Code: NJR – Nucleic Acid Amplification Assay System, Group B Streptococcus, Direct Specimen

# OOI – Real-time nucleic acid amplification

5. Panel: 83, Microbiology

# F. INTENDED USE:

1. Intended Use and Indications for Use:

The GenePOC™ GBS LB assay performed on the revogene™ instrument is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed to detect Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from 18-24 hour LIM broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from pregnant women. The GenePOC GBS LB assay utilizes automated sample processing and real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to detect a cfb gene sequence specific to the Streptococcus agalactiae genome.

The GenePOC GBS LB assay is indicated for the identification of antepartum GBS colonization and does not provide susceptibility results. It is not intended to diagnose or monitor treatment of GBS infection. Culture isolates are needed for performing susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

2. Special conditions for use statement(s): Prescription Use Only

3. Special instrument requirements: revogene™

# G. DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The GenePOC GBS LB assay is a single-use test for the qualitative detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from enriched vaginal/rectal swab specimens using realtime Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) technology with fluorogenic detection of the amplified DNA. The GenePOC GBS LB assay utilizes the GBS LB microfluidic cartridge for the simultaneous detection of the target GBS DNA and the internal process control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ DNA (to monitor processing, amplification, and the absence of reaction inhibitors). The GenePOC GBS LB assay is an automated assay performed on the revogene™ including sample processing.

The GenePOC Group B Strep (GBS) LB is composed of a GBS specific disposable microfluidic cartridges, Sample Buffer Tube (SBT) and Disposable Transfer Tool (DTT). These components are used to lyse and dilute the sample, amplify, and detect GBS nucleic acid from vaginal/rectal swabs following LIM broth enrichment. User intervention is required for sample preparation, discharging the LIM broth enriched sample into the SBT, transferring the sample into the cartridge and loading/unloading the cartridge into the revogene instrument. Once the sample is added into the cartridge, the process is then fully automated.

Each GenePOC GBS LB Test kit contains 24 individual pouches, and each pouch has components for 1 test including 1 cartridge, 1 SBT, and 1 DTT. The GBS LB Test is run on the revogene instrument which can process from one up to a maximum of 8 samples simultaneously in the same run. On completion of a run, the results are interpolated by the revogene™ from measured fluorescent signals and embedded calculation algorithms. For the GBS application, two spectral signals are processed: GBS target and Internal Process Control. The output results include positive, negative, indeterminate, and unresolved. On completion of a run, the user removes the used cartridges and disposes of them in normal biological waste. Results may be viewed, printed, transferred, and/or stored by the user.

# H. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

1. Predicate Device Name: BD MAX™ GBS Assay

2. Predicate 510(k) Number: K111860

3. Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenePOC GBS LB(Subject Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD MAX GBS Assay(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K170557</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K111860</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use for detection ofGBS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal-Rectal Swab (EnrichedLim Broth)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection andTransport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid Amies or Stuart</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample PreparationMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual; swab enriched overnightin Lim Broth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated by instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification: Real Time PCRDetection: Fluorogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes-result interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal ProcessControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction and PCR internal controlis a process monitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials available commerciallybut not required to run the test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190 bp region of the cfb gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124 bp region of cfb gene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probe Design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TaqMan®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scorpion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GBS AssayFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fully integrated sample processingand PCR reaction/detection in acartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Requires combination of areagent strip and a PCRcartridge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge can be used once</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge can be used twice</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~70 min</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-3 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument OpticalChannels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">revogeneTM contains 4 channels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD MAX Instrumentcontains 6 optical channels</td></tr></table>

# I. STANDARDS/GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS REFERENCED:

CLSI Guideline EP25-A, Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents;   
Approved Guideline.

# J. TEST PRINICIPLE:

Vaginal-rectal specimen are collected and used to inoculate selective LIM broth. After incubation at $3 5 { - } 3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 18-24 hours in ambient, $1 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the inoculated broth is transferred to the Sample Buffer Tube (SBT). After vortexing the SBT for 15 seconds, approximately $1 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the inoculated sample buffer is transferred into the GenePOC microfluidic cartridge using the Disposable Transfer Tool (DTT). The loaded GBS LB cartridge is placed into the revogene for further sample processing. No operator intervention is necessary once the clinical sample is loaded onto the revogene.

Each GBS LB microfluidic cartridge is a completely integrated and self-contained device. Each sample is transferred by centrifugation from one microfluidic chamber to the next in sequence, and all reagents specific for the PCR reaction are incorporated and dried within the PCR wells. The stepwise process includes sample homogenization, lysis of cells, and specimen dilution followed by the subsequent real-time PCR steps within 1 PCR well in the cartridge. An internal Process Control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ is contained in the homogenization chamber and is therefore present in every test to monitor critical steps of the analytical process (including sample lysis, dilution and nucleic acid amplification and detection) for the presence of potential inhibitory substances as well as system or reagent failures. The amplified products are detected in real time using target-specific TaqMan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ chemistry-based probes. The GBS LB specific designed primers and probe detect a target region of 190 base pairs of the $c f b$ gene specific to the Streptococcus agalactiae genome. The results are interpolated by the revogene from measured fluorescent signals and embedded calculation algorithms.

# K. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS:

1. Analytical Performance   
a. Precision/Reproducibility The reproducibility study was conducted at three sites (two external sites and GenePOC laboratories) to evaluate the within-run, between-run (three runs per

day) and between-day (five days, consecutive or not) reproducibility and variance with multiple operators $\scriptstyle ( \mathtt { n } = 6$ ; two operators per site). Precision was evaluated based on the within-site variability over 5 days. Three revogene instruments (one per site) and a single lot of the GenePOC GBS LB assay were used by each site (total of three reagent lots).

Three GBS strains were tested at two different concentrations in each run: low positive (LP; 735 CFU/mL SB) and moderate positive (MP; 1,125 CFU/mL SB). The GBS strains used in the panels were the hemolytic serotype Ia S. agalactiae strain ATCC 12400, the hemolytic serotype III S. agalactiae strain ATCC 12403 and the non-hemolytic S. agalactiae strain ATCC 13813. Two true negative (TN) samples were included in each run.

After the testing of 720 replicates (270 low positive, 270 moderate positive, and 180 true negative samples) with the GenePOC GBS LB assay, the overall analysis showed $100 \%$ agreement for negative samples, $9 8 . 9 \%$ agreement for low positive samples, and $9 8 . 5 \%$ agreement for moderate positive samples as summarized in the table below.

Summary of the Percent Agreement Analysis across all Sites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallAssayResults/Total</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay Results/Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive(735 CFU/mL ofSB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallResults/Total(% Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/90(96.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267/270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Moderate Positive(1,125 CFU/mL ofSB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallResults/Total(% Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/90(96.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90(98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266/270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAOverallResults/Total(% Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180/180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

The quantitative results for the between strain, between-site, between-operator and between-day reproducibility for Ct values are summarized below:

Summary of the Overall SD and $\%$ CV for the Ct values for the Reproducibility Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>GBS Ct; Low Positive (735 CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variance component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rSD(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Residual</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.5%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator (Site)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day (Site x Op)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>GBS Ct; Moderate Positive (1,125 CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variance component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rSD(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Residual</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.4%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator (Site)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day (Site x Op)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>PrC Ct; All specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variance component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rSD(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Residual</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>718</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.8%</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain/NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator (Site)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day (Site x Op)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ct GBS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Load</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Low Positive (1-2xLoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Overall Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Moderate Positive (3xLoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Overall Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ct PrC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Inter-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Load</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1</td></tr></table>

A summary of the SD and $\%$ CV for the $\mathrm { C t }$ values for the quantitative withinsite analysis are presented below.

Summary of the SD and $\%$ CV for the Ct values for the Within-Site Precision Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target Load</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Mean Ct, SD and %CV GBS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Low Positive (735CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall (Low positive sample only)Result/expected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (1125CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall (Moderate positive sample only)Result/expected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target Load</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Mean Ct, SD and %CV PrC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Low Positive (735CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall (Low positive sample only)Result/expected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (1CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall (Moderate positive sample only)Result/expected result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range Not applicable. The GenePOC GBS LB Test is a qualitative assay.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (controls, calibrators, or methods) Commercial control material (e.g. Streptococcus agalactiae ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 13813) can be used as a Positive External Control. It is recommended that bacterial strains be freshly prepared in LIM broth. Transfer a $1 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquot of a 18-24 hours culture in LIM broth into a SBT. Pure LIM broth is recommended for use as a Negative External Control.

An Internal Process Control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ is provided in each GenePOC GBS LB test. The $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ is extracted, amplified, and detected along with each specimen tested and monitors the efficacy of the cell lysis, dilution and PCR amplification and detection processes.

# d. Detection Limit

The analytical sensitivity (Limit of Detection or LoD) of the GBS LB assay was determined using clinical LIM broth matrix previously tested negative for GBS and spiked with different concentrations of GBS bacterial suspensions. Two strains of GBS (ATCC 12403 and ATCC 13813) were tested in 24 replicates per concentration by 2 operators using 3 different lots of GBS LB kits. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive. The LoD of the GBS LB assay ranged from 200 to 375 CFU/mL of SB (200 CFU/mL for ATCC 13813 and 375 CFU/mL for ATCC 12403).

# e. Analytical Inclusivity

The analytical reactivity was determined with 12 strains of $S .$ . agalactiae representing 11 known serotypes and one non-haemolytic strain. Each strain was tested in 8 replicates per dilution per lot of material. All strains were detected at concentrations ranging from 1x to $1 5 \mathrm { x \ L o D }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at whichreplicates are 100% positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFU/mL of SB</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>735</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ib</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,875</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>735</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,875</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2671</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,625</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2668</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-hemolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr></table>

# f. Analytical Specificity

Cross Reactivity:

A total of 75 non-specific analytes were tested in this study and listed in the table below. The various analytes selected are found in clinical vaginal-rectal specimens (different from Streptococcus agalactiae) including commensal and pathogenic microorganisms (yeasts, viruses, parasites and bacteria) from urogenital and intestinal tracts; species phylogenetically similar to $S .$ . agalactiae; and human DNA. Bacteria and yeasts were diluted at a concentration of ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ SB whereas viruses, parasites and human DNA were prepared at ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ DNA or RNA $\mathsf { c p / m L }$ SB.

Assays were carried with 3 reagent kit lots on 2 revogene instruments. All samples were tested in triplicate (4 yeasts, 4 viruses, 2 parasites, human DNA and 64 bacteria). The total reactivity rate of the GenePOC GBS LB test with the selected non-specific analytes is $0 \%$ .

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria (strain or gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium gDNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerococcus viridans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis gDNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus subtilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium breve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brevibacterium linens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovarDublin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis gDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovarMinneapolis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovartyphimurium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovarNewport</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus avium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus dispar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus durans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp.disgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae equisimilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus brevis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus casei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus uberis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus delbreuckii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ureaplasma urealyticum gDNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus jensenii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeasts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viruses (gDNA or RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HerpesSimplexVirus-1 gDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GII RNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HerpesSimplexVirus-2 gDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Papillomavirus (HPV) gDNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parasites (gDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blastocystis hominis gDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trichomonas vaginalis gDNA</td></tr></table>

# g. Interference with Non-Target Organisms

Microbial interference on the GenePOC GBS LB assay was evaluated with 29 potentially interfering microorganisms in absence and in presence of 2 GBS strains tested at $7 3 5 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB. Samples were grouped together into 7 pools of interferences. Each of the 7 pools were tested in triplicate across 3 reagent lots for a total of 9 replicates by pool were analyzed to determine the presence or absence of interference. Results of the study showed no interference against the GBS target (735 CFU/mL of SB) was detected for 26 out of 29 microorganisms when present in high loads ( $1 \dot { 0 } ^ { 5 }$ or $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { \ C F U / m L }$ of SB). However, strains Enterococcus faecalis ATCC 19433, Enterococcus faecium ATCC 19434 and Lactobacillus acidophilus ATCC 4356 showed interference against the GBS target ${ 7 3 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB) when they were present at ${ \bf \tau } _ { > } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \bf { C F U } / m L$ of SB. No interference on the Process Control was observed when microorganisms were present in high loads ( $1 0 ^ { 5 }$ or $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB).

# h. Interference with Exogenous and Endogenous Substances

Interference on the GenePOC GBS LB assay was evaluated with 31 potentially interfering exogenous and endogenous substances in absence and in presence of 2 GBS strains tested at $7 3 5 \ : \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ SB across 3 reagent lots. The interferences tested included the following: whole blood, leukocytes, amniotic fluid, mucous, seminal fluid, urine, feces, meconium, human DNA, Fungicide, Hemorrhoid cooling gel, Lubricating gel, Body powder, moisturizing lotion, body oil, Deodorant spray, enemas, Antimicrobials, Radiology oral compounds, gastritis medications, Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory, Medications, gastritis medications, anti-Diarrheal medication, Laxatives, Spermicidal, and Moist Towelettes. Results demonstrated no reportable interference on $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ . Only the combination of loperamide hydrochloride (e.g. Imodium $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ), bismuth subsalicylate (e.g. Pepto-Bismol™) and sennosides (e.g. Senokot $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ) at concentrations of $0 . 0 2 3 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , $0 . 6 7 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and $0 . 0 1 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ SB, respectively, showed a potentially inhibitory effect on detection of GBS. When tested individually, these substances showed no reportable interference with the GBS LB assay.

# i. Carryover and Cross Contamination Studies

The carry-over and cross-contamination study showed that there is no evidence of amplicon carry-over or sample contamination when using the revogene with the GenePOC GBS LB assay. A total of 80 samples in the within-run study and 80 samples in the between run study were tested and none gave a false positive result. For each study various combinations of high positive and GBS negative samples were run for each of the 10 runs per study across 3 reagent lots. For each sample, quantitated culture of the organism was diluted in negative matrix. The high positive $\mathrm { ( > 1 x 1 0 ^ { 6 } ~ C F U / m L }$ of SBT) suspension tested in this study was prepared with the S. agalactiae strain Serotype III ATCC 12403.

# 2. Comparison Studies

a. Method Comparison with predicate device Not applicable.

b. Matrix Comparison Not applicable.

# 3. Clinical Studies

GenePOC conducted a prospective multicenter trial at 4 geographically diverse clinical trial sites; specifically, two Canadian and two US clinical sites. A vaginal/rectal swab specimen was collected from $\scriptstyle \mathrm { n = 8 3 9 }$ pregnant women at 35-37 weeks of gestation for whom GBS diagnostic procedures were ordered. For each patient, the swab was used for the composite reference method consisting of LIM Broth enrichment of the vaginal/rectal swab followed by a subculture on blood agar plate and biochemical identification of GBS. All specimens with a negative bacterial culture result were re-tested using the same standard operating procedures required for bacterial culture. Residual de-identified LIM Broth samples were used for testing with the GenePOC GBS LB assay. Of those, 63 specimens were regarded as noncompliant per the composite reference method and/or GBS LB assay protocol criteria, 1 specimen was regarded as noncompliant in terms of transport and storage conditions and 4 specimens were regarded as noncompliant due to missing test results. Two (2) fully compliant specimens gave final non-reportable PCR results. A total of 771 specimen results were used to determine the clinical performance of the GBS LB assay in comparison to the composite reference method. A total of 170 GBS positive and 601 GBS negative samples were collected across the four sites.

Overall performance characteristics of the GBS LB assay in comparison to the composite reference method.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CompositeReferenceMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GBS LBassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>574</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>581</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>771</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Sensitivity: 95.9% (95%CI: 91.7 - 98.0 %)Specificity: 95.5% (95%CI: 93.5  96.9 %)</td></tr></table>

A 5 out of 7 false negative GenePOC GBS LB results were tested on a FDA-cleared molecular device and yielded negative results. $^ { \mathrm { ~ B ~ } } _ { 1 0 }$ out 27 false positive GenePOC GBS LB results were tested on a FDA-cleared molecular device and yielded positive results.

Summary of performance characteristics of the GBS LB assay per site   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%(36/41)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8%(142/153)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1%(41/194)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%(48/49)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%(194/199)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.8%(49/248)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(43/43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%(164/169)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.3%(43/212)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%(36/37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5%(74/80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6%(37/117)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%(163/170)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5%(574/601)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0%(170/771)</td></tr></table>

1 Prevalence was calculated with samples compliant at culture composite reference method and GenePOC™ GBS LB assay levels.

# 4. Clinical Cut-off

Not applicable.

# 5. Expected Values/Reference Range

In the investigational study for the GenePOC GBS LB assay, a total of 771 reportable results from specimens compliant at the culture and PCR levels were obtained from 4 geographically diverse regions. Overall, GBS prevalence rate was $2 2 . 0 \%$ (170/771) with a $9 5 \ \%$ CI of $1 9 . 3 - 2 5 . 1 \ \%$ .

L. INSTRUMENT NAME: revogene™

# M. SYSTEM DESCRIPTIONS:

1. Modes of Operation:

Real-time Polymerase chain reaction with fluorogenic detection of amplified DNA.

2. Software:

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and software development processes for this line of product types:

Yes ___X____ or No

3. Specimen Identification:

Barcodes are used to identify patient specimens. The GenePOC GBS LB assay’s Sample Buffer Tube (SBT) and microfluidic cartridge (PIE) both are pre-labeled with a unique barcode to identify both specimen and assay. The instrument has two barcode readers to identify reagents and patient specimens. It provides traceability of the sample ID to the PIE ID, SBT ID, and assay ID.

4. Specimen Sampling and Handling:

User intervention is required for discharging the patient sample into the SBT, transferring a $1 5 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquot of the sample into the microfluidic cartridge and for loading the microfluidic cartridge into the revogene. All further specimen handling is automated.

5. Calibration:

The system is factory calibrated by the manufacturer as well as during annual preventive maintenance.

6. Quality Control:

An Internal Process Control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ provided in each microfluidic cartridge of the GenePOC GBS LB assay. The $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ is lysed, amplified, and detected along with each specimen tested and monitors the efficacy of the DNA extraction and PCR amplification processes.

Commercial control material (e.g. Streptococcus agalactiae ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 13813) can be used as a Positive External Control. It is recommended that bacterial strains be freshly prepared in LIM broth. Transfer a $1 5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquot of a 18-24 hours culture in LIM broth into a SBT. Pure LIM broth is recommended for use as a Negative External Control.

# N. OTHER SUPPORTIVE INSTRUMENT PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS DATA NOT COVERED IN THE “PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS” SECTION:

Not applicable.

# O. PROPOSED LABELING:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# P. CONCLUSION:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.