July 21, 2017

Luminex Corporation Wendy Ricker Manager, Regulatory Affairs 12212 Technology Blvd. Austin, Texas 78727

Re: K171441 Trade/Device Name: ARIES C. difficile Assay Complete Kit, ARIES C. difficile Assay Protocol File Kit, ARIES C. difficile Assay Kit (24 cassettes), ARIES Stool Resuspension Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3130 Regulation Name: Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZN, OOI Dated: May 15, 2017 Received: May 16, 2017

Dear Wendy Ricker:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S For

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ARIES $C$ difficile Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ARIES C. difficile Assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of toxigenic Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) nucleic acid in unpreserved, unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens obtained from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile infection (CDI). The test targets the C. difficile toxin A gene (tcdA) and toxin B gene (tcdB) and is indicated for use as an aid in the diagnosis of C. difficile infection (CDI).

The ARIES C. difficile Assay is indicated for use with ARIES Systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: K171441   
B. Purpose for Submission: Traditional 510(k), New Device   
C. Measurand: Targets DNA sequences of the toxin A (tcdA), and toxin B (tcdB) genes within the Pathogenicity Locus (PaLoc) of toxigenic strains of Clostridium difficile.   
D. Type of Test: Qualitative Real Time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR)

# E. Applicant:

Wendy Ricker Luminex Corporation 12212 Technology Blvd Austin, TX 78727 Tel: (608) 203-8936

F. Proprietary and Established Names:

ARIES® C. difficile Assay

# G. Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OZN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3130—C. difficile toxin geneamplification assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology(83)</td></tr></table>

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended use(s):

# Luminex

The $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) based qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the direct detection of toxigenic Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) nucleic acid in unpreserved, unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens obtained from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile infection (CDI).

The test targets the C. difficile toxin A gene (tcdA) and toxin B gene (tcdB) and is indicated for use as an aid in the diagnosis of C. difficile infection (CDI).

The $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay is indicated for use with $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ Systems.

2. Indication(s) for use: Same as intended use.

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): For prescription use only.

4. Special instrument requirements: For use with ARIES® Systems.

# I. Device Description:

The $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay is a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based qualitative in vitro diagnostic test system which consists of the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System or the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ M1 System with their included $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ Software, a stool resuspension kit, an assay-specific cassette, and an assay-specific protocol file. The $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay cassette is a disposable, single-use cassette containing nucleic acid purification reagents, internal sample process control (SPC), and an assay-specific master mix capable of performing the designated assay on one sample. The $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay cassette directly detects toxigenic Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) from unformed stool specimens obtained from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile infection. Specifically, the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay cassette detects the C. difficile toxin A gene (tcdA) and toxin B gene (tcdB) and a DNA Sample Processing Control.

Unpreserved raw stool is processed using the ARIES® Stool Resuspension Kit. The ARIES® Stool Resuspension Kit includes a flocked swab, a tube containing preprocessing beads, and Stool Resuspension Buffer. The preprocessing method involves transfer of a swab of stool specimen into a tube containing preprocessing beads and Stool Resuspension Buffer. The swab is mixed in the tube by vortexing and then centrifuged. Finally, the preprocessed sample is added to the ARIES® C. difficile Assay cassette.

The specimen is lysed and nucleic acid is extracted using an $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ instrument. An extractable sample processing control (SPC) target is also present in the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay cassette and is processed with the specimen. The SPC controls for recovery of extracted nucleic acid, for inhibitory substances and for PCR reagent and instrument integrity. The Ct value of the SPC is designed to verify nucleic acid extraction, to identify PCR inhibition, if any, and verify proper function of the extraction system and real-time instrument. The ${ \sf T } _ { \sf m }$ value of the SPC is used as a reference for determining the ${ \sf T } _ { \sf m }$ of the tcdA and tcdB targets (if present).

The extracted nucleic acid and SPC are transferred via magnetic beads through the cassette to the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay lyophilized PCR reagents in the PCR tube that contain primer pairs specific to tcdA, tcdB, and the SPC sequence. Each of the primer pairs is labeled with a distinct fluorophore and detected in distinct channels of an $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System. PCR amplification is performed and assay fluorescence is monitored. Incorporation of a quencher-labeled nucleotide results in a decrease in fluorescence for the associated primer pair. Following amplification, the reaction is slowly heated to separate the fluorescent-labeled strand from the quencher-labeled strand, a process that results in an increase in the fluorescence signal. The reaction fluorescence is measured during this process and the temperature at which the change in fluorescence is the maximum ${ \sf T } _ { \sf m }$ of the amplicon. The strands of the amplicons will separate at a specific melting temperature $( \mathsf { T } _ { \mathsf { m } } )$ and an increase in fluorescence is observed. The instrument fluorescence output is analyzed and test results are determined using the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System software and the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes } $ C. difficile Assay protocol and run files. ARIES® C. difficile Assay results may be reported from the ARIES Software or from the optional SYNCT® Software.

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K123998

3. Comparison with predicate: The following tables compare Luminex’s ARIES® C. difficile Assay to Quidel’s Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay (k123998).

Table 11.1: Similarities between New Device and Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K123998)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARIES® C. difficile Assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR)based qualitative in vitro diagnostictest for the direct detection oftoxigenic Clostridium difficile (C.difficile) nucleic acid in unpreserved,unformed (liquid or soft) stoolspecimens obtained from patientssuspected of having Clostridiumdifficile infection (CDI).The test targets the C. difficile toxin Agene (tcdA) and toxin B gene (tcdB)and is indicated for use as an aid inthe diagnosis of C. difficile infection(CDI).The ARIES® C. difficile Assay isindicated for use with ARIESSystems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Quidel Molecular Direct C.difficile Assay is a qualitative,multiplexed in vitro diagnostic testfor the direct detection of toxin Agene (tcdA) or toxin B gene (tcdB)sequences of toxigenic strains ofClostridium difficile from unformed(liquid or soft) stool specimenscollected from patients suspected ofhaving Clostridium difficile-Associated Disease (CDAD).The Quidel Molecular Direct C.difficile Assay is a real-time PCR testand utilizes proprietary samplepreparation with fluorescentlylabeled primers and probes. Theassay can be performed using eitherthe Life Technologies QuantStudioDx; the Applied Biosystems 7500 FastDx, or the Cepheid SmartCycler II, todetect the toxin gene sequencesassociated with toxin-producing C.difficile strains.The assay is intended to beperformed directly on CDAD-suspected stool specimens, and isindicated from use as an aid in thediagnosis of CDAD.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin A gene (tcdA) and Toxin B gene(tcdB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin A gene (tcdA) and Toxin B gene(tcdB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved, unformed stool (liquidor soft)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved, unformed stool (liquidor soft)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real-time PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real-time PCR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

Table 11.2: Differences between New Device and Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K123998)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pairs of fluorescently-labeled primerswith quencher labeled nucleotides.Measures decrease in assayfluorescence with each PCR cycle.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR with fluorescently labeledprobes; detection based on Taqmanchemistry. Measures an increase inassay fluorescence with each cycle.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposable single-use cassette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual amplification set-up in PCRmicrofuge tubes or plates with wells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® System, ARIES® M1 System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuantStudio®Dx; the AppliedBiosystems 7500 Fast Dx or theCepheid SmartCycler II</td></tr></table>

# K. Standards/Guidance Documents Referenced:

FDA Guidance Class II Special Controls Guideline Document: Toxin Gene Amplification Assays for the Detection of Clostridium difficile.

# L. Test Principle:

The $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay chemistry is based on an expanded genetic alphabet technology, consisting of synthetic DNA base pair $2 "$ -deoxy-5-methyl-isocytidine (iC): 2'- deoxyisoguanosine (iG). The isobases (iC and iG) pair specifically with each other and not with natural nucleotides. In addition, isobases are efficiently incorporated during PCR. During PCR amplification, a quencher-modified iGTP is incorporated by the polymerase opposite an iC and a fluorophore reporter attached to a PCR primer. If the target is present and is amplified, assay fluorescence decreases with every cycle as amplification product accumulates. The decrease in assay fluorescence is monitored in real time using an $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System. Following PCR, the amplification products are thermally denatured and assay fluorescence is monitored. The strands of the amplification products are separated and assay fluorescence increases, thus enabling determination of the melting temperature $( \mathsf { T } _ { \mathsf { m } } )$ of the amplicon.

# M. Performance Characteristics:

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Precision

Within Laboratory Precision/Repeatability of the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay was evaluated by two operators performing testing across multiple ARIES® instruments using one lot of $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes } $ C. difficile Assay Cassettes. Testing was performed on 12 days and included analysis of a total of 252 samples. A

repeatability panel was prepared, containing moderate positive, low positive and high negative/low positive samples, independently for two toxigenic C. difficile strains as well as a negative sample. The results of the repeatability study are presented in Table 11.3.

Table 11.3: ARIES® C. difficile Assay Within Laboratory Precision/Repeatability Resultsa   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 High Negative/LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% - 80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7% (24/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.3 - 79.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (35/36) bb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8 - 99.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 High Negative/LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% - 80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0% (9/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.7-41.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4% to 100%</td></tr></table>

a An overall invalid rate of $0 . 8 \%$ (2/254) was observed. b 2/36 samples produced Invalid results on initial testing; both reported as Positive upon repeat

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility of the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay was evaluated by testing of one lot of $A { \sf R l E S } ^ { \otimes } C$ . difficile Assay Cassettes on two $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ Instruments by two operators at each of three sites on 5 non-consecutive days. A reproducibility panel was prepared, containing moderate positive, low positive and high negative/low positive samples, independently for two toxigenic C. difficile strains as well as a negative sample. The reproducibility panels were created by an independent operator and blinded. The results of the reproducibility study are presented in Tables 11.4 and Table 11.5.

Table 11.4: ARIES® C. difficile Assay Site to Site Reproducibility Resultsa   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement withexpected results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement withexpected results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement withexpected results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 HighNegative/Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 HighNegative/Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

a The expected results for the reproducibility panel targets are $100 \%$ for Moderate Positive, $9 5 \%$ for Low Positive, and $20 \%$ for High Negative/Low Positive for BAA-1870 and BAA-1871. Negative target is expected to be $0 \%$ positive. $^ { \cdot } _ { 1 / 3 0 }$ samples was reported as Invalid on initial testing; reported Toxigenic C. difficile Positive upon repeat

Table 11.5: Reproducibility Panel Total Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement withexpectedresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1870 High Negative/Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.6 - 90.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1871 High Negative/Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.3 - 89.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0 - 99.8%</td></tr></table>

a The expected results for the reproducibility panel targets are $100 \%$ for Moderate Positive, $9 5 \%$ for Low Positive, and $20 \%$ for High Negative/Low Positive for BAA-1870 and BAA-1871. Negative target is expected to be $0 \%$ positive. $^ { \mathrm { ~ b ~ } } _ { 1 / 9 0 }$ replicates produced a false positive result. The SPC was observed to be positive in all replicates.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable. The ARIES® C. difficile Assay is a qualitative assay.   
c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): Controls: Process Control

Each $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay cassette contains a Sample Processing Control (SPC), which is processed with the sample and analyzed during the amplification reaction. The SPC verifies nucleic acid extraction, and proper reagent, cassette, $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System, and assay protocol performance. The SPC has known melting temperature $( \mathsf { T } _ { \mathsf { m } } )$ and Ct ranges. Each time an assay is run, the system measures the melting temperature and fluorescence intensity of the SPC to ensure the thermal and optical subsystems have remained in calibration.

# External Controls

External controls should be tested according to guidelines or requirements of local, provincial and/or federal regulations or accreditation organizations. A reference toxigenic C. difficile strain or well characterized toxigenic C. difficile clinical isolates may be used as positive controls. A non-toxigenic strain of C. difficile may be used as a Negative Control. Alternatively, clinical specimens known to be positive or negative for toxigenic C. difficile may be used as Positive and Negative External Controls, respectively. The $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay Cassette Kit does not include external positive and negative controls.

# Stability:

Specimen Stability

Fresh specimen stability was determined for toxigenic C. difficile in a negative clinical stool pool at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ . This was assessed by testing six replicates of each of three C. difficile target concentrations and the negative clinical pool across five different time points. The C. difficile concentrations tested included a moderate positive, low positive and high negative/low positive. The results of the study demonstrated that specimens for the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay are stable when stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ for up to 7 days.

Room temperature specimen stability was determined for toxigenic C. difficile in a negative clinical stool pool at $1 5 - 3 0 ^ { \circ } C$ . This was assessed by testing six replicates of each of three C. difficile target concentrations and the negative clinical stool pool across four different time points. The C. difficile concentrations tested included a moderate positive, a low positive, and a high negative/low positive. The results of the study demonstrated that specimens for the ARIES® C. difficile Assay are stable when stored at $1 5 - 3 0 ^ { \circ } C$ for up to 4 hours.

Frozen specimen stability was determined for toxigenic C. difficile in a negative clinical stool pool at -65 to $\mathsf { - 9 5 ^ { \circ } C }$ . This was assessed by testing six replicates of each of three C. difficile target concentrations and the negative clinical stool pool across multiple time points. The C. difficile concentrations tested included a moderate positive, low positive and high negative/low positive. The results of

the study demonstrated that specimens for the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay are stable when stored at -65 to $\mathsf { - 9 5 ^ { \circ } C }$ for up to 3 months.

Freeze thaw specimen stability was determined for specimens after cycles of freezing and thawing. This was assessed by testing three C. difficile contrived target concentrations in negative stool matrix across five freeze thaw cycles. The concentrations used for testing were high positive, moderate positive, and low positive. The results of the study demonstrated that specimens for the $A { \mathsf { R l E S } } ^ { \mathbb { \otimes } } C .$ . difficile Assay are stable when subjected to up to five freeze thaw cycles.

Shelf-Life Stability

Real time stability was determined for the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay Cassette in order to establish a shelf life. This was assessed by testing at multiple time points six toxigenic C. difficile positive and negative replicates with each of three different lots of $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay Cassettes that had been stored at two different temperatures $4 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ and room temperature). All targets for all lots and all storage temperatures gave the expected results. No trend of increased invalid rate was observed over the course of the study and the overall invalid rate was $1 . 2 \%$ . The expected results were observed upon retesting samples with initial Invalid results. Based on this study, a shelf life of 12 months has been assigned to the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay.

Open Box stability was determined for the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay Cassettes after they were removed from their individual pouches. Cassettes were removed from their pouches and placed on a laboratory bench where they were exposed to ambient temperatures, humidity, and light for up to 10 hours. Data were collected for toxigenic C. difficile Positive and C. difficile Negative $\vert \mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \circledast }$ Stool Resuspension Buffer) samples at five time points. Three lots of cassettes were used to assess open box stability. At the end of 10 hours, all three lots of cassettes produced expected results. An overall invalid rate of $1 . 6 \%$ was observed over the course of the study. The expected results were observed upon retesting samples with initial Invalid results. Therefore the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay Cassettes are stable in ambient laboratory conditions for up to 10 hours after they have been removed from the storage pouch.

# d. Detection Limit:

The limit of detection of the ARIES C. difficile Assay was determined by testing dilutions of enumerated stocks of toxigenic C. difficile in stool matrix. The Limit of Detection (LoD) was defined as the lowest concentration tested at which $29 5 \%$ of assay replicates produced positive results

The confirmed reportable LoD concentrations of each C. difficile strain were determined by colony counting and are presented in Table 11.6.

Table 11.6. LoD Results for C. difficile strains   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LOD Concentration(CFU) a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficileStrain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tcdA/tcdBGenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Per mL Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Per cassette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC® 43598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC® BAA-1812</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC® BAA-1803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IlIc b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Illb b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC® BAA-1871</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+/+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

a The number of cfu at LoD concentration was determined by colony counting. b Outbreak-associated Pulsed Field Gel Electrophoresis type NAP1

# e. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

Analytical reactivity performance characteristics for the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay were assessed by testing 15 strains of toxigenic C. difficile in addition to those included in the LoD Study (1 each of toxinotypes V and XXII and 13 toxinotype 0) and an in-silico analysis of C. difficile toxinotype X. All strains positive for tcdA and/or tcdB were detected and in-silico analysis suggests that strains of toxinotype X will also be detected. In total, analytical testing demonstrated the ability of the ARIES C. difficile Assay to detect seven different toxinotypes (0, V, IIIc (Nap1), IIIb, VIII, XII, XXII).

# f. Analytical specificity:

# Cross-Reactivity and Microbial Interference:

A study was performed to evaluate cross reactivity and interference of the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay with 61 microorganisms and viruses that might be present in the sample matrix, in addition to human DNA (Table 11.7). Interference was evaluated by testing three replicates each of C. difficile strains BAA-1870 and BAA-1871 (both tcdA+ /tcdB+ )in the presence of each potentially interfering species. To assess the potential for cross-reaction, toxigenic C. difficile Negative replicates (Negative Stool Matrix) were also tested. Testing of potentially cross-reactive or interfering species was performed at a concentration of $\ge 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { c f u / m L }$ of Resuspension Buffer for bacteria and yeast and $\geq 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ for viruses, or the highest available concentration. Human DNA was tested at $5 \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Stool Resuspension Buffer. The results of the study are presented in Table 11.7.

On initial testing, $1 / 3$ replicates for C. bifermentans and E. coli were reported as positive for toxigenic C. difficile. Upon repeat testing of both organisms, 3/3 replicates gave negative results with the ARIES C. difficile Assay.

Invalid results were obtained on initial testing of A. baumannii (3/3 replicates) and S. marcescens (2/3 replicates) at $> 1 0 ^ { 7 } C F U / \mathrm { m L }$ . Both produced negative results when retested at $1 0 ^ { 6 } C F \mathsf { U / m L }$ .

One organism, C. botulinium, that was not available for laboratory testing was evaluated by in-silico analysis, on the basis of which, it is not expected to cross react or interfere with the ARIES® C. difficile Assay.

Table 11.7. Cross Reacting Organisms Tested   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration(per mL StoolResuspension Buffer)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.80 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.12 x 106 TCIDso/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.87 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.39 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.55 x 10 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.44 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium bifermentans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.25 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium butyricum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.24 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium haemolyticumb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29 x 105 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.30 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium scindens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.90 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium septicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.10 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.64 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sporogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.15 x 10 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostriduim novyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40 x 108 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus (Type A16)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.04 x 106 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (Type AD-169)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.74 x 105 TCIDso/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus Type 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.94 x 106 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.42 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.75 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.99 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis vanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.95 x 107 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus (Type 71) b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08 x 104TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli (026:H4)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.80 x 108 cfu /mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli (0157:H7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.05 x 108 cfu /mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flavonifactor plautii a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.07 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter pylori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.80 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsielia oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.20 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.65 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-toxigenic Clostridium difficile strain 43593</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.05 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-toxigenic Clostridium difficile strain 43601</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-toxigenic Clostridium difficile strain 43602</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.17 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-toxigenic Clostridium difficile strain 43603</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.05 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus Group I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.26 x 106 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus Group II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.26 x 106 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.29 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.52 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.70 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.05 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.07 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.97 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirusb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.49 x 10³ TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica (typhimurium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.95 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. arizonae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.80 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.60 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.45 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.32 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysentariae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.45 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45 x 10° cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.25 x 10' cfu/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.07 x 108 cfu/mL</td></tr></table>

a Same species as Clostridium orbisceindens. b Tested at the highest available concentration provided by Zeptometrix Corporation.

# Interfering Substances:

The effect of potential interfering substances on the $A { \sf R l E S } ^ { \oplus } C .$ difficile Assay was evaluated by spiking prepared solutions of potential interfering substances, presented in Table 11.8, into stool matrix with and without toxigenic C. difficile. For each potentially interfering substance, three replicates of each of two strains of toxigenic C. difficile (both tcdA+ /tcdB+ ) were tested, in addition to three C.

difficile negative samples. A total of 14 interfering substances were tested for inhibitory effects on the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay. False negative results were obtained in the presence of mucin at $3 . 5 \% \mathrm { w } / \mathrm { v } ,$ , although no interference was observed when mucin was tested at $0 . 3 5 \% \mathrm { w } / \mathrm { v }$ . In the presence of all other substances tested, C. difficile was detected in $100 \%$ of replicates.

Table 11.8. Interfering Substances Tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration of InterferingSubstance in Stool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal fat (Triglyceride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0% w/v ^a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal fat (Cholesterol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin (tarry stool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone Cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63% w/vb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kaopectate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140.0 mg/mL a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moist towelettes (BenzalkoniumChloride)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35% w/vc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% w/v {a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0% w/v ad</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vagisil anti-itch cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% v/v</td></tr></table>

a 1/3 replicates for BAA-1871 was negative for tcdA b 2/3 replicates for BAA-1870 were negative for tcdA c False negative results may be observed in the presence of mucin at concentrations ${ > } 0 . 3 5 \%$ d 2/3 replicates for both BAA-1870 and BAA-1871 were negative for tcdA

# Carry-Over/Cross-Contamination:

Carry-over and cross contamination for the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay was assessed by testing 30 high positive C. difficile samples and $3 0 \ : C .$ difficile negative samples (Negative Stool Matrix). Samples were tested in an alternating pattern with high positive samples run adjacent to negative samples across 11 consecutive runs. No carry-over or cross contamination was observed. The overall percent agreement was $100 \%$ for positive and negative samples.

# g. Assay cut-off

For the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay, each target (tcdA and tcdB) has a Ct cut-off, Tm window, and Tm Peak Threshold. In addition, the internal sample processing control (SPC) also has a corresponding Ct cut-off, Tm window, and Tm Peak Threshold. Collectively, the cut-off values compose the assay protocol file parameters, which are used to determine the assay result for the detection target as POSITIVE, NEGATIVE, or INVALID. These values are hard-coded into the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay protocol file and are not modifiable. The Assay Protocol File parameters were determined, and their performance in the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay evaluated according to the following general procedure:

Initial Assay Protocol File parameters were set during internal optimization studies The final Assay Protocol File parameters were then established during internal verification studies The selected Assay Protocol File parameter values were utilized in the determination of assay performance in the multi-site clinical trial conducted for the ARIES C. difficile Assay

The specific assay parameters for the ARIES® C. difficile Assay are considered confidential and proprietary.

# 2. Clinical Performance:

Performance of the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay was evaluated prospectively from 31- October-2016 to 21-February-2017 at four geographically distinct clinical sites within the United States using the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ System. Specimens for the clinical study consisted of excess leftover de-identified, unpreserved, unformed stool specimens from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile infection (CDI). All eligible leftover stool specimens were tested with a reference method (direct and enriched toxigenic culture) and $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay and the results compared. Reference method testing was performed at a centralized testing facility while $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay testing was performed at each clinical site on their own clinical specimens.

A total of 1021 stool specimens from subjects suspected of having CDI were collected from four geographically diverse locations within the United States. Of these 1021 specimens, 37 were excluded from the study based on inclusion/exclusion criteria leaving a total of 984 unique specimens that met the predetermined inclusion criteria and that were included in the data analysis. These 984 specimens were enrolled in the study and tested for toxigenic C. difficile by both the reference method of direct and enriched toxigenic culture and the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay. There were 28 specimens $( 2 8 / 9 8 4 , 2 . 8 \% )$ that were re-tested with $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay because they yielded initial invalid results due to run failure or instrument error. An additional 15 specimens were re-tested with the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay because of either sample mix-up $( N = 5 )$ or improper sample storage or processing $( N { = } 1 0 )$ . Thirty-eight (38) of the 43 specimens that were re-run generated valid ARIES® C. difficile Assay results (i.e. positive or negative) after re-test. Five (5)

specimens remained invalid by $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay upon re-test for an overall invalid rate after repeat testing of $0 . 5 \%$ (5/984).

For the 979 eligible specimens that were included in the device performance calculations, positive percent agreement of the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay for toxigenic C. difficile against direct toxigenic culture was $9 8 . 1 \%$ (103/105) with a lower bound $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $9 3 . 3 \%$ . When compared to direct and enriched toxigenic culture, clinical sensitivity of the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay for toxigenic C. difficile was $9 0 . 5 \%$ (133/147) with a lower bound $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $8 4 . 6 \%$ . Negative percent agreement of the $\mathsf { A R l E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay for toxigenic C. difficile in comparison to direct toxigenic culture was $9 2 . 6 \%$ (809/874, Lower Bound $9 5 \%$ CI, $9 0 . 6 \%$ , while clinical specificity in comparison to direct and enriched culture was $9 5 . 8 \%$ (797/832, Lower Bound $9 5 \%$ CI, $9 4 . 2 \%$ ).

Table 11.9. ARIES® C. difficile Assay Performance Compared to Direct Culture $( N = 9 7 9 )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® C. difficile Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Direct Toxigenic Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>809</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>811</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>874</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9793</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGllob</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3% - 99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6% - 94.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 One of the ARIES® C. difficile Assay negative specimens that was positive by direct toxigenic culture (i.e. False Negative) was C. difficile negative by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the $A { \mathsf { R l E S } } ^ { \otimes } C .$ difficile Assay.

2 Of the $6 5 \mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes } C .$ . difficile Assay positive specimens that were negative by direct toxigenic culture (i.e. False Positive), 30 were positive by enriched toxigenic culture. An additional 15 specimens were positive by bidirectional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the $A { \mathsf { R l E S } } ^ { \otimes } C .$ . difficile Assay.

3 Five (5) specimens generated invalid results by the ARIES® C. difficile Assay after allowable re-run. Four (4) of these were negative and one (1) was positive by direct toxigenic culture. All of these 5 specimens were excluded from the device performance calculations.

Table 11.10. ARIES® C. difficile Assay Performance Compared to Direct and Enriched Toxigenic Culture $( N = 9 7 9 )$ .   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARIES® C. difficile Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Direct and Enriched Toxigenic Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>797</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>811</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>832</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9793</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6% - 94.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2% - 97.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 Thirteen (13) of the $A { \mathsf { R l E S } } ^ { \otimes } C .$ difficile Assay negative specimens that were positive by direct and enriched toxigenic culture (i.e. False Negative) were C. difficile negative by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the $A { \mathsf { R l E S } } ^ { \otimes } C .$ difficile Assay 2 Fifteen (15) of the $A { \mathsf { R l E S } } ^ { \otimes } C .$ difficile Assay positive specimens that were negative by enriched toxigenic culture (i.e. False Positive) were positive by bi-directional sequencing analysis using analytically validated primers that targeted genomic regions distinct from the $A { \mathsf { R l E S } } ^ { \otimes } C .$ difficile Assay.   
3 Five (5) specimens generated invalid results by the ARIES® C. difficile Assay after allowable re-run. Four (4) of these were negative and one (1) was positive by direct and enriched toxigenic culture. All of these 5 specimens were excluded from the device performance calculations.

The study results demonstrate that the diagnostic accuracy of the $\mathsf { A R I E S } ^ { \otimes }$ C. difficile Assay is acceptable for the detection of C. difficile in unpreserved, soft or liquid stool specimens from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile infection (CDI).

# 3. Expected values/Reference range:

The prevalence of toxigenic C. difficile observed during a multi-center clinical trial using the ARIES C. difficile Assay was estimated as $1 7 . 2 \%$ (168/979). Of the patient populations included in the study, the majority of patients were senior adults $( \ge 6 0$ years) and the prevalence of C. difficile in this age group was found to be $1 8 . 1 \%$ (88/487). The second largest age group was adults (age 22 to $\mathtt { < 6 0 }$ years) and the prevalence was found to be $1 6 . 1 \%$ (74/460). The next age group was adolescents (12 to ${ < } 2 2$ years) and the prevalence was found to be $2 2 . 2 \%$ (6/27). The remaining age group included 4 children (2 to ${ < } 1 2$ years) and one infant $_ { < 2 }$ years) where the prevalence was found to be $0 \%$ .

# N. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling provided in the submission satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR 809.10.

# O. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.