Quidel Corporation   
Edward Brehm   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130

Re: K171976 Trade/Device Name: Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } +$ FIA, Sofia 2 Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GTY, KHO Dated: June 29, 2017 Received: June 30, 2017

Dear Edward Brehm:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Steven R. Gitterman -S GPS

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Sofia Strep $\mathrm { A } +$ FIA for use on Sofia 2

The Sofia Strep $\mathrm { A } +$ FIA detects Group A Streptococcal antigens from throat swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. All negative test results should be confirmed by either bacterial culture or an FDA-cleared molecular assay because negative results do not preclude Group A Strep infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use as an aid in the diagnosis of Group A Streptococcal infection.

The Sofia Strep $\mathrm { A } +$ FIA may be used with Sofia or Sofia 2.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

5. 510(K) SUMMARY

# 5.1. Submitter

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-1100, X-21015   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# 5.2. Submission Contact

Edward C. Brehm, Ph.D.

# 5.3. Date Prepared

June 29, 2017

# 5.4. Proprietary and Established Names

Sofia® Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA performed on Sofia 2

# 5.5. Common Name

Same as above

# 5.6. Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GTY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3740</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry perregulation;Microbiologybecause it is used with theSofia Strep A+ FIA</td></tr></table>

# 5.7. Predicate Device

Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA performed on Sofia

# 5.8. Device Description

The Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA involves the extraction of the antigenic components of the Group A Streptococcus (GAS) bacteria. The patient’s Swab sample is placed in the Reagent Tube containing the Reagent Solution, during which time the bacterial antigens are extracted, making them more accessible to the specific antibodies. An aliquot of the extracted sample is dispensed into the Test Cassette sample well. From the sample well, the sample migrates through a test strip containing various unique chemical environments. If Group A Streptococcal antigens are present, they will be bound by antibodies coupled to fluorescent microparticles that migrate through the test strip. The fluorescent microparticles containing bound antigen will be captured by antibodies at a defined location on the test strip where they are detected by Sofia or Sofia 2. If antigens are not present, the fluorescent microparticles will not be trapped by the capture antibodies nor detected by Sofia or Sofia 2.

Depending upon the user’s choice, the Test Cassette is either placed inside of Sofia or Sofia 2 for automatically timed development (WALK AWAY Mode) or placed on the counter or bench top for a manually timed development and then placed into Sofia or Sofia 2 to be scanned (READ NOW Mode).

Sofia or Sofia 2 will scan the test strip and measure the fluorescent signal by processing the results using method-specific algorithms. Test results will be displayed (Positive, Negative, or Invalid) on the screen. The results can also be automatically printed on an integrated printer if this option is selected.

Sofia 2 is a microprocessor-controlled device about the size of a desk top telephone and weighs less than 3 pounds. Sofia 2 uses a fluorescent tag that is illuminated by an Ultraviolet (UV) light source to generate specific results.

# 5.9. Intended Use

The Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA detects Group A Streptococcal antigens from throat swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis, such as sore throat. All negative test results should be confirmed by either bacterial culture or an FDA-cleared molecular assay because negative results do not preclude Group A Strep infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use as an aid in the diagnosis of Group A Streptococcal infection.

The Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA may be used with Sofia or Sofia 2.

# 5.10. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate Device Name: Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA performed on Sofia

2. Predicate 510(k) Number: K141775

3. Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Strep A+ FIA on Sofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Strep A+ FIA on Sofia 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K141775</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K171976</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Strep A+ FIA detects Group AStreptococcal antigens from throat swabsfrom patients with signs and symptoms ofpharyngitis, such as sore throat. Allnegative test results should be confirmedby bacterial culture because negativeresults do not preclude Group A Strepinfection and should not be used as thesole basis for treatment. The test isintended for professional and laboratoryuse as an aid in the diagnosis of Group AStreptococcal infection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Strep A+ FIA detects Group AStreptococcal antigens from throat swabsfrom patients with signs and symptoms ofpharyngitis, such as sore throat. Allnegative test results should be confirmedby either bacterial culture or an FDA-cleared molecular assay because negativeresults do not preclude Group A Strepinfection and should not be used as thesole basis for treatment. The test isintended for professional and laboratoryuse as an aid in the diagnosis of Group AStreptococcal infection.The Sofia Strep A+ FIA may be used withSofia or Sofia 2.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Check</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Check required every 30 daysor less, as set by the supervisor. A specialCalibration Cassette is provided with theInstallation Pack.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same and uses the same CalibrationCassette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DevelopmentModes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Walk Away Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Now and Walk Away• Walk-Away: User can walk awayduring the assay cassette developmentperiodRead Now: User manually times theassay cassette development periodoutside of Sofia, then places cassette inSofia to image and provide test result.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Development Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes for Sofia Strep A+ FIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 inch diagonal color LCD display andnumeric keypad with function specificbuttons</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 inch color LCD touchscreen display</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Has 2 distinct security levels; user andsupervisor plus a Quidel only servicelevel.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcodescanner(sample)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External hand held barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated barcode scanner but samefunctionality</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcodescanner(cassette)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same using custom integrated 0.3 MPcamera</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay / instrumentinterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawer (electro-mechanical)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same (manual)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determine test type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument scans barcode on cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 - 240 VAC, self-switching, or with 4AA batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 - 240 VAC, self-switching, or withrechargeable lithium polymer battery</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External printer connected via USB port(DYMO LabelWriter 450 Printersupported), optional network printer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 cm deep x 16 cm wide x 10 cm high</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.7 cm deep x 11.4 cm wide x 12.7 cmhigh</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 lbs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~2.5 lbs</td></tr></table>

# 5.11. Performance Data

Numerous studies were undertaken to document the performance characteristics of Sofia 2 and the Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ assay, as well as to compare the performance between Sofia and Sofia 2. The studies included the following:

# a. Limit of Detection (LoD)

This study confirmed that the LoD generated for the Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA on Sofia 2 is equivalent to the LoD generated on Sofia.   
b. Precision This study confirmed that Sofia and Sofia 2 generated equivalent qualitative results when used by multiple operators to test negative and positive concentrations that are close to the positivity threshold, on multiple device lots, operated over multiple days, and two calibration cycles.   
c. Assay development time This study confirmed that when running Sofia 2 in Read Now mode, a development time of five (5) to ten (10) minutes is acceptable.   
d. Method Comparison This study demonstrated that Sofia and Sofia 2 have comparable performance when using a panel of clinical samples.   
e. Reproducibility This study demonstrated intra- and inter-operator reproducibility and intra- and interlaboratory reproducibility with a panel of test samples at various Group A Streptococcal antigen concentrations. This study also demonstrated comparable performance between Sofia and Sofia 2.

# 5.12. Conclusion

These studies demonstrated equivalent performance of the Sofia Strep $\mathbf { A } ^ { + }$ FIA on the Sofia and Sofia 2 analyzer.