Bio-Rad   
$\%$ Fran White   
President   
MDC Associates, LLC   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

Re: K171061 Trade/Device Name: MRSASelect II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1700 Regulation Name: Culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JSO Dated: November 30, 2017 Received: December 1, 2017

Dear Fran White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# ForRibhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name MRSASelect™II

Indications for Use (Describe) MRSASelect™II is a selective and differential chromogenic medium for:

A) The qualitative detection of nasal colonization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. The test can be performed on anterior nares specimens from patients to screen for MRSA colonization. MRSASelect™II is not intended to diagnose MRSA infection nor to guide or monitor treatment of infection. A negative result does not preclude MRSA nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for identification, antimicrobial susceptibility testing, or epidemiological typing. Results can be interpreted after 18 to 28 hours incubation.

B) The qualitative detection of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) from skin and soft tissue wound specimens. The MRSASelect™II is indicated for use in conjunction with other laboratory tests and clinical data available to aid in the identification and diagnosis of MRSA from patients with skin and soft-tissue infections. Concomitant cultures and antimicrobial susceptibility testing are necessary for all skin and soft-tissue wound specimens. MRSASelect™II is not intended to guide, or monitor treatment for MRSA infection, or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin. Results can be interpreted after 18 to 28 hours incubation.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Date of Summary

December 12, 2017

# Product Name

# MRSASelect™II

# Sponsor

Bio-Rad Laboratories 3 Boulevard Raymond Poincaré 92430 Marnes-la-Coquette France

# Correspondent

MDC Associates, LLC   
Fran White, Regulatory Consultant   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, MA 01915   
Phone: (978) 927-3808   
Fax: (978) 927-1308   
Email: fran@mdcassoc.com

# Device Identification

Trade or Proprietary Name: MRSASelect™II

Common or Usual Name:

Culture Media, Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test, Excluding Mueller Hinton Agar

Product Code:

JSO

Regulation Section:

21 CFR 866.1700

Product Classification: Class II

# Intended Use

MRSASelect™II is a selective and differential chromogenic medium for:

A) The qualitative detection of nasal colonization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA infections in healthcare settings. The test can be performed on anterior nares specimens from patients to screen for MRSA colonization. MRSASelect™II is not intended to diagnose MRSA infection nor to guide or monitor treatment of infection. A negative result does not preclude MRSA nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for identification, antimicrobial susceptibility testing, or epidemiological typing. Results can be interpreted after 18 to 28 hours incubation.

B) The qualitative detection of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) from skin and soft tissue wound specimens. The MRSASelect™II is indicated for use in conjunction with other laboratory tests and clinical data available to aid in the identification and diagnosis of MRSA from patients with skin and soft-tissue infections. Concomitant cultures and antimicrobial susceptibility testing are necessary for all skin and soft-tissue wound specimens. MRSASelect™II is not intended to guide, or monitor treatment for MRSA infection, or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin. Results can be interpreted after 18 to 28 hours incubation.

# Device Description

MRSASelect™II is a selective medium for the detection and direct identification of MRSA. The selectivity of this medium is based on the presence of an antibiotic/antifungal mixture and an optimized salt concentration that inhibits the growth of yeasts and the majority of Gram negative and Gram positive bacteria, with the exception of methicillin-resistant staphylococci. Identification is based on the cleavage of a chromogenic substrate by a specific enzymatic activity of Staphylococcus aureus, leading to a strong pink coloration of the Staphylococcus aureus colonies. Plates may be read within 18-28 hours incubation:

Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus produces pink colonies on MRSASelect™II; Coagulase negative methicillin-resistant staphylococci may not grow or may grow as colorless or white colonies; • Methicillin-susceptible staphylococci (MSS) are inhibited.

# Substantial Equivalency

The MRSASelect™II is substantially equivalent to the Bio-Rad MRSASelect™ Extended Incubation (K081212) and MRSASelect™ Wound Specimen (K100589) products. Table 1 on the following page compares the characteristics of the Bio-Rad MRSASelect™II (New Device) and the Bio-Rad MRSASelect™ Extended Incubation (K081212) and MRSASelect™ Wound Specimen (K100589) products (Predicate Devices). The differences noted do not impact the intended use and do not raise questions as the safety and effectiveness of the test (new) device.

Table 1: Comparison of New Device with Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductAttribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary Predicate DeviceBio-Rad MRSASelect™Extended Incubation(K081212)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceBio-Rad MRSASelect™Wound Specimen(K100589)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceBio-Rad MRSASelect™IICombined Nasal and Wound Culture MediaSpecimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.1700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.1700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.1700</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRSASelect™ is a selectiveand differential chromogenicmedium for the qualitativedetection of nasalcolonization of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA) to aid in theprevention and control ofMRSA infections in healthcaresettings. The test can beperformed on anterior naresspecimens from patients andhealthcare workers to screenfor MRSA colonizationMRSASelect™ is not intendedto diagnose MRSA infectionnor to guide or monitortreatment of infection.Results can be interpreted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRSASelect™ is a selectiveand differential chromogenicmedium for the qualitativedetection of methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA)from skin and soft-tissuewound specimens. TheMRSASelect™ is indicated foruse in conjunction with otherlaboratory tests and clinicaldata available to aid in theidentification and diagnosisof MRSA from patients withskin and soft-tissueinfections. Concomitantcultures and susceptibilitytesting are necessary for allskin and soft-tissue woundspecimens. MRSASelect™ is</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRSASelect™MII is a selective and differentialchromogenic medium for:The qualitative detection of nasalcolonization of methicillin-resistantStaphylococcus aureus (MRSA) to aid in theprevention and control of MRSA infections inhealthcare settings. The test can be performedon anterior nares specimens from patients toscreen for MRSA colonization. MRSASelect™MII isnot intended to diagnose MRSA infection nor toguide or monitor treatment of infection. Anegative result does not preclude MRSA nasalcolonization. Concomitant cultures arenecessary to recover organisms foridentification, antimicrobial susceptibilitytesting, or epidemiological typing. Results canbe interpreted after 18 to 28 hours incubation.The qualitative detection of methicillin-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">after 18-28 hours incubation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">not intended nor to guide, ormonitor treatment for MRSAinfection, or provides resultsof susceptibility tomethicillin. Results can beinterpreted after 18 to 28hours incubation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) fromskin and soft tissue wound specimens. TheMRSASelect™II is indicated for use inconjunction with other laboratory tests andclinical data available to aid in the identificationand diagnosis of MRSA from patients with skinand soft-tissue infections. Concomitant culturesand antimicrobial susceptibility testing arenecessary for all skin and soft-tissue woundspecimens. MRSASelect™II is not intended toguide, or monitor treatment for MRSA infection,or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin.Results can be interpreted after 18 to 28 hoursincubation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic agar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic agar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic agar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18-28 hours incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18-28 hours incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18-28 hours incubation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductAttribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary Predicate DeviceBio-Rad MRSASelect™Extended Incubation(K081212)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceBio-Rad MRSASelect™Wound Specimen(K100589)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceBio-Rad MRSASelect™IICombined Nasal and Wound Culture MediaSpecimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anterior nares</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Skin and soft-tissue wound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anterior nares and skin and soft-tissue wound</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct and Indirect (saline)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics: Analytical Performance

# Precision/Reproducibility

Assay precision was tested at three clinical sites and measured site-to-site reproducibility and lot-to-lot reproducibility using a blinded panel of eleven (11) organism suspensions. Ten ${ \mathsf { A T C C } } ^ { \otimes }$ strains were used for the panel preparation. The panel members consisted of MRSA, MSSA and S. epidermidis. Results demonstrate that MRSASelect™II is reproducible across sites and lots.

# Analytical Sensitivity (Recovery Study)

The percent recovery LoD was defined as the lowest dilution at which growth is observed $( > 1 \mathsf { C F U } )$ on MRSASelect™II with corresponding growth observed in parallel on Blood Agar Plate. The LoD of the MRSASelect™II was determined using ${ \mathsf { A T C C } } ^ { \otimes }$ $4 3 3 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { { r m } } }$ and NRS 660, two (2) well characterized MRSA strains from culture collections. The data confirm that the minimum concentration of MRSA reliably detected by MRSASelect™II is $8 0 0 { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ in nasal or wounds matrix.

# Analytical Sensitivity (Inclusivity)

A total of 54 characterized collection strains of MRSA (including USA300-0114, USA100, 200, 300, 500, 600, 700, 800, and 1000) were inoculated onto MRSASelect™II plates using saline suspensions at the

concentration of 80-240 CFU/mL. Isolates tested included known clinically associated strains from the Network on Antimicrobial Resistance in Staphylococcus aureus (NARSA) and ATCC® collections.

Table 2: Analytical Sensitivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>MRSASelect™II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reading times</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53/54(98.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/54(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/54(100%)</td></tr></table>

A total of 53/54 isolates grew as pink colonies at a concentration of $8 0 { - } 2 4 0 ~ \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ on MRSASelect™II after 18 hours. After 24 and 28 hours incubation all 54 isolates grew as pink colonies.

# Analytical Specificity (Cross Reactivity)

A total of 109 strains from various species were evaluated at a minimum concentration of $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ on MRSASelect™II. Cross-reactivity was defined as growth of distinct pink colonies on MRSASelect™II at 18, 24 and 28 hours incubation. A total of 107 out of the 109 strains were inhibited or recovered as nonpink colonies on MRSASelect™II. Two strains of MSSA produced colonies with pink coloration on MRSASelect™II. An appropriate limitation has been added to the IFU. Some MRSE (Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis) strains grew as white colonies within 18-28 hours on MRSASelect™II. In addition, the following organisms grew as faint pink colonies when clustered together: Corynebacterium imitans, Corynebacterium jeikeium, Aerococcus viridans, Staphylococcus cohnii and Staphylococcus sciuri. An appropriate limitation has been added to the IFU.

# Interference Study

A total of twenty (20) medicinal substances commonly used in anterior nares and on skin and soft-tissue wound specimens were evaluated for potential interference of the chromogenic reaction of the MRSASelect™II. No interference was observed with 12/20 of them. One (1) substance (Ocean Premium Saline Nasal Spray®) reduced the quantity of growth of MRSA on MRSASelect™II and BAP without complete inhibition. Seven (7) substances (Neosynephrine®, Dristan $1 2 \mathsf { h } ^ { \circledast }$ , Ayr Saline®, Walgreens First Aid Antiseptic Spray®, Tecnu First Aid Antiseptic Pain Relieving Gel, Bactine, Betadine) inhibited growth on MRSASelect™II and BAP. Appropriate limitations have been added to the IFU.

# Co-Infection/Mixed Infection

The effect of mixed cultures on the performance of MRSASelect™II was assessed by inoculating MRSA in the presence of an increasing concentration of methicillin-resistant S. epidermidis or K. pneumoniae. No impact on the growth of the MRSA was observed due to co-infection.

# Validation of Transport Media

The effect of three (3) different transport media on the growth of MRSA on MRSASelect™II was evaluated. The following transport media were used LQ STUART and LQ AMIES with or without charcoal. The use of these transport media did not decrease the recovery of MRSA on MRSASelect™II. An appropriate limitation has been added to the IFU.

# Clinical Performance Characteristics

The performance of MRSASelect™II was evaluated at three (3) geographically diverse locations within the United States from 2013 to 2016. A total of 3,252 prospective valid wound and anterior nares specimens were included in the final data set and analyzed for product performance. All samples yielded valid results and were included in the final analysis. Performance of MRSASelect™II was evaluated against the established reference method; for wound samples a culture enrichment broth method (Tryptic Soy Broth (TSB) with $6 . 5 \%$ NaCl) was used. Positive TSB cultures were subcultured on Blood Agar Plates (BAP). Identification of suspected Staphylococcus aureus colonies on BAP was confirmed using Gram stain, slide agglutination test for detection of Staphylococcus aureus, tube coagulase, and mecAmediated oxacillin resistance testing using $3 0 ~ \mu \ g$ cefoxitin disk. Similarly, for anterior nares samples, a culture enrichment broth method was used. Positive TSB cultures were subcultured on BAP. Identification of suspected Staphylococcus aureus colonies on BAP was confirmed followed by confirmation using Gram stain, slide agglutination test for detection of Staphylococcus aureus, tube coagulase and PBP2a testing. Performance results are shown in the Table 3 and Table 4 below:

# Results

Table 3: Wound Samplesc   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Culture Enrichment Broth(Cefoxitin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MRSASelect™II(Primary Culture)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>658</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>842</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Predictive Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Predictive Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td></tr></table>

a Discordant analysis was performed for 27 of the 32 specimens identified as MRSA positive by MRSASelect™II. MRSA was confirmed in 17 of the 27 specimens using PBP2a test.   
b Discordant analysis was performed for 5 of the 5 specimens identified as MRSA negative by MRSASelect™II. MRSA was confirmed in 3 of the 5 specimens using PBP2a test.   
c The overall prevalence of MRSA as determined by the enriched broth culture reference method was $1 8 \%$ (152/842).

Table 4: Anterior Nares Samplesf   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Culture Enrichment Broth(PBP2a)(c)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MRSASelect™II(Primary Culture)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37(e)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23(d)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,141</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,410</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% C.I.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pos. Predictive Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neg. Predictive Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr></table>

c) PBP2a test performed from colonies on BAP after the enrichment step in TSB (PBP2a). No further discordant resolution was conducted on those discrepant samples. d) All 23 specimens resulted in no growth on MRSASelect™II. e) Of the 37 false positives observed, a total of 25 isolates were determined to be non-S. aureus species (including 11 strains of coagulase-negative Staphylococcus); and 12 isolates were identified as methicillin-susceptible S. aureus. f The overall prevalence of MRSA as determined by the enriched broth culture reference method was $1 0 . 6 \%$ (255/2410).

# Conclusions

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.