# 4FQUFNCFS

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
Angela Drysdale   
VP, Regulatory Affairs – Infectious Disease 10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough ME 04074

Re: K171792 Trade/Device Name: Alere i Influenza A & B 2, Alere i Instrument, Alere i Influenza A & B Control Swab Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OZE, OOI Dated: June 15, 2017 Received: July 3, 2017

Dear Ms. Drysdale:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K171792

Device Name Alere i Influenza A & B 2

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alere i Influenza A & B 2 assay performed on the Alere i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection and discrimination of influenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2016-2017 influenza season when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with th requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K171792

# SUBMITTER

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, Maine 04074   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359

# CONTACT PERSON

Angela Drysdale   
(207) 415-1393 (office)   
(207) 730-5767 (FAX)   
angela.drysdale@alere.com (email)

DATE PREPARED June 15, 2017

TRADE NAME Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2

COMMON NAME Alere™ i Flu, Alere™ i, Alere™ i Flu 2, Alere™ Influenza A & B, Alere™ Influenza A & B 2

CLASSIFICATION NAME Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid System (per 21 CFR 866.3980) Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems (per 21 CFR 862.2570)

CLASSIFICATION Class II

PRODUCT CODE OCC, OZE, OOI

PANEL Microbiology (83)

PREDICATE DEVICE Alere™ i Influenza A & B K163266

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B from nasal swab or nasopharyngeal swabs tested directly or after elution in viral transport media collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 System utilizes isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology and is comprised of:

Sample Receiver – single use, disposable containing the elution buffer Test Base – single use, disposable comprising two sealed reaction tubes, each containing a lyophilized pellet Transfer Cartridge – Single use, disposable for transfer of the eluted sample to the Test Base, and • Alere™ i Instrument – repeat use reader

The reaction tubes in the Test Base contain the reagents required for amplification of the target nucleic acid and an internal control. Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 utilizes a pair of templates (similar to primers) for the specific amplification of RNA from influenza A and B, which occur in two separate reaction tubes. Each reaction tube contains fluorescently labeled molecular beacon designed to specifically identify the amplified RNA targets. Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 is performed within the confinement of the Test Base, and no other part of the Alere™ i Instrument has contact with the sample during the amplification process. This minimizes the risk of instrument contamination and sample carry-over between measurements.

To perform the assay, the Sample Receiver and Test Base are inserted into the Alere™ i Instrument and the elution buffer is automatically heated by the instrument. The sample is added to the Sample Receiver and transferred via the Transfer Cartridge to the Test Base, re-suspending the lyophilized pellets contained within the Test Base and initiating target amplification. Heating, mixing and detection by fluorescence are provided by the instrument, with results automatically reported.

Results are displayed by the Alere™ i Instrument and are also stored in an on-board archive and are assigned to a sample ID that has been entered into the Alere™ i Instrument by the operator, and the date/time the test was performed. Data can be retrieved and downloaded by the operator at any time after testing. An external Alere™ Universal Printer can be attached via USB to the Alere™ i Instrument to print test results.

# INTENDED USE

The Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 assay performed on the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection and discrimination of influenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2016-2017 influenza season when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 and the predicate device, Alere™ i Influenza A & B, have the same intended use, indications for use, and utilize similar basic principles of operation. They are both molecular tests for the qualitative detection of influenza A and influenza B viral RNA.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 was compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the Alere™ i Influenza A & B Assay.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere ™M i Influenza A &amp; B 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere ™M i Influenza A &amp; B(K163266)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, OZE, OOI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alere ™M i Influenza A &amp; B 2 assay performedon the Alere ™m i Instrument is a rapid molecular invitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleicacid amplification technology for the qualitativedetection and discrimination of influenza A and Bviral RNA in direct nasal or nasopharyngealswabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabseluted in viral transport media from patients withsigns and symptoms of respiratory infection. It isintended for use as an aid in the differentialdiagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections inhumans in conjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors. The assay is notintended to detect the presence of influenza Cvirus.Negative results do not preclude influenza virusinfection and should not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatment or other patientmanagement decisions.Performance characteristics for influenza A wereestablished during the 2016-2017 influenzaseason when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1pandemic were the predominant influenza Aviruses in circulation. When other influenza Aviruses    are    emerging,    performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteria recommendedby public health authorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulent Influenza virusesand sent to state or local health department fortesting. Viral culture should not be attempted inthese cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is availableto receive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alere ™M i Influenza A &amp; B assay performedon the Alere ™M i Instrument is a rapid molecularin vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermalnucleic acid amplification technology for thequalitative detection and discrimination ofinfluenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasalswabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabseluted in viral transport media from patientswith signs and symptoms of respiratoryinfection. It is intended for use as an aid in thedifferential diagnosis of influenza A and B viralinfections in humans in conjunction with clinicaland epidemiological risk factors. The assay isnot intended to detect the presence ofinfluenza C virus.Negative results do not preclude influenza virusinfection and should not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatment or other patientmanagement decisions.Performance characteristics for influenza Awere established during the 2012-2013 and the2014-2015 influenza seasons when influenzaA/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were thepredominant influenza A viruses in circulation.When other influenza A viruses are emerging,performance characteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological       screening       criteriarecommended by public health authorities,specimens should be collected with appropriateinfection control precautions for novel virulentInfluenza viruses and sent to state or localhealth department for testing. Viral cultureshould not be attempted in these cases unlessa BSL 3+ facility is available to receive andculture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2Intended Environmentfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use, in a medical laboratory or point-of-care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere ™M i Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-Contained System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated PC, Software and Touch ScreenDisplay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes. Sample preparation, amplification,detection, and result interpretation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Information</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal Swab, Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Swab, Nasal Swab or Nasopharyngeal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere ™ i Influenza A &amp; B 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere ™M i Influenza A &amp; B(K163266)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">eluted in Viral Transport Media, Nasal Swab,Nasal Swab eluted in Viral Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab eluted in Viral Transport Media</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PB2 Segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA Segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal nucleic acid amplification for detectingthe presence/absence of viral RNA in clinicalspecimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;15 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL STUDY

The clinical performance of Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 was established in a multi-center, prospective clinical study conducted at ten US trial sites during the 2016-2017 respiratory season.

A total of 1110 nasal or nasopharyngeal swab specimens were enrolled in this study. Of those, 36 nasal or nasopharyngeal swab specimens did not meet eligibility criteria. A total of 1074 specimens were tested with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2. $56 \%$ of the population tested was female and $4 4 \%$ was male.

In this study, two nasopharyngeal swabs were collected from each Subject. One swab was tested directly with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2, according to product instructions for testing direct swabs. The other swab was eluted in VTM, and a sample of the VTM eluate was tested with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2. An FDA-cleared real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) test was utilized as the comparator method for this study.

Of the 1074 specimens, Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 generated invalid results for 4 direct swab specimens after repeat testing per the product instructions, resulting in a total of 1070 specimens for direct swab performance analysis. Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 generated invalid results for 11 viral transport media specimens after repeat testing per the product instructions and an additional 6 specimens did not meet eligibility criteria, resulting in a total of 1057 specimens for viral transport media performance analysis.

Compared to the comparator method, the performance of Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 is presented in the tables below.

Direct Nasal or Nasopharyngeal Swab – Performance Obtained for Influenza A with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 against the Comparator Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere T Influenza A &amp; B 2- Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$10b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>779</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>789</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1070</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity:260/270     96.3% (95%CI: 93.3%-98.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity:779/800     97.4% (95%CI: 96.0%-98.4%)</td></tr></table>

a Flu A nucleic acid was detected in 6/21False positive specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test b Flu A nucleic acid was not detected in 4/10 False negative specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test

Direct Nasal or Nasopharyngeal Swab – Performance Obtained for Influenza B with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 against the Comparator Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere ™ Influenza A &amp; B 2- Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>945</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1070</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity: 97/97      100% (95%CI: 96.3%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity:945/973     97.1% (95%Cl: 95.9%-98.1%)</td></tr></table>

a Flu B nucleic acid was detected in 21/28 False positive specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test

Nasal or Nasopharyngeal Swab Eluted in Viral Transport Media – Performance Obtained for Influenza A with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 against the Comparator Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere TInfluenza A &amp; B 2- Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$12^a$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19b$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>799</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1057</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity:246/265     92.8% (95%CI: 89.0%-95.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity:780/792      98.5% (95%CI: 97.4%-99.2%)</td></tr></table>

a Flu A nucleic acid was detected in 5/12 False positive specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test b Flu A nucleic acid was not detected $\boldsymbol { 6 } / \boldsymbol { 1 9 }$ in False negative specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test

Nasal or Nasopharyngeal Swab Eluted in Viral Transport Media – Performance Obtained for Influenza B with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 against the Comparator Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alere TInfluenza A &amp; B 2- Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22^a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>938</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>938</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>960</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1057</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity: 97/97      100% (95%CI: 96.3%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity:938/960   97.7%(95%CI: 96.6%- 98.6%)</td></tr></table>

a Flu B nucleic acid was detected in 18/22 False positive specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test

During the prospective clinical study, the initial invalid rate for direct nasal or nasopharyngeal swab samples (before repeat testing per the product instructions) was $0 . 8 \%$ (9/1074) $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 4 \%$ to $1 . 6 \%$ ). After repeat testing per the product instructions, the invalid rate was $0 . 4 \%$ (4/1074) $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 1 \%$ to $1 . 0 \%$ ).

The initial invalid rate for swabs eluted in viral transport media was $2 . 2 \%$ (24/1074) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $1 . 5 \%$ to $3 . 2 \%$ ). Afte repeat testing per the product instructions, the invalid rate was $1 . 0 \%$ (11/1074) $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 6 \%$ to $1 . 8 \%$ ).

# ANALYTICAL STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 limit of detection (LOD or ${ \mathsf { C } } _ { 9 5 }$ ), defined as the concentration of influenza A or B that produces positive Alere™ i Influenza A $\&$ B 2 results approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, was identified by evaluating two influenza A strains and two influenza B strains for both direct swab and swab eluted in VTM testing in Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2. The concentrations identified as the LOD (or ${ \mathsf { C } } _ { 9 5 }$ ) levels for each strain and testing method are listed below.

Limit of Detection (LOD) Study Results – Natural Nasal Swab Matrix (Direct Swab Testing)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ASubty  orInfluenza B GeneticLineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(TCID5o/Swab)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (GenomeEquivalents/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (GenomeEquivalents/Swab)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Texas/50/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06 x 10²2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/2009 H1N1 pdm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 x 10 $</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20 x 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.60 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.60 x 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/1/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B Yamagata lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.01 x 10^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.01 x 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11 x 104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11 x 10^{2</td></tr></table>

\*Note: $1 0 \mu \up$ of each virus dilution was coated onto a swab

Limit of Detection (LOD) Study Results – Natural Nasal Swab Matrix (Swab Eluted in VTM Testing)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ASubtype orInluenza BGenetic Lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(TCID50/Swab)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (GenomeEquivalents/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LoD (GenomeEquivalents/Swab)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Texas/50/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/H3N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10^2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10 x 10f}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.10 x 10^3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/2009 H1N1 pdm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 x 101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 x 10-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.83 x 10r}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.83 x 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Victoria lineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20 x 10^{$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20 x 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51 x 10^$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/1/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B Yamagatalineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.66 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.66 x 10&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14 x 10}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.14 x 10^3</td></tr></table>

\*Note: $1 0 \mu \up$ of each virus dilution was coated onto a swab; each contrived swab was further diluted into 3 mL of UTM

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY (INCLUSIVITY)

The influenza A and B strains listed below were tested and generated positive Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 test esults at the concentrations indicated in the table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza ASubtype orInfluenza BGenetic Lineage</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Test Concentration (in TCID5o or Genome Equivalents)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">TCID5o/Swab*</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GenomeEquivalents/mL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GenomeEquivalents/Swab*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.74 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.74 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.62 x 101</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8.62 x 10-^3$</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.44 x 10 $</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.44 x 10^2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WSN/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.78 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.78 x 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/4/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26 x 10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Maryland/04/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.55 x 10^{3}</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.55 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/18/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.08 x 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.08 x 10^2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/South Carolina/2/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.47 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.47 x 10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.02 x 10^$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.02 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.16 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.16 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.58 x 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.58 x 10^2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.12 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.12 x 10 $</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/3/75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.61 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.61 x 10-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60 x 10^{$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60 x 10'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.48 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.48 x 10-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.41 x 10 $</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.41 x 10^2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/10/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3N2v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.02 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Sichuan/26221/2014 (inactivated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H5N6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.00 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013 (inactivated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H7N9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6.70 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6.70 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60 x 10$</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.60 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 10^2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Victoria/504/2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.45 x 10 °$</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.66 x 102</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.66 x 100</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 10^{2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Montana/05/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.21 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.21 x 10°</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.42 x 10^2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">8.42 x 10 }$</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2.25 x 102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Russia/69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.38 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9.38 x 10 }$</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.23 x 10^}$</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">7.23 x 10^3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Bangladesh/3333/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.64 x 10^{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.64 x 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.33 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.33 x 102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.30 x 10^2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.30 x 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.25 x 10^{</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.25 x 101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 10{</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/06/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.33 x 10^2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.33 x 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 x 10{2</td></tr></table>

\*Note: $1 0 \mu \up$ of each virus dilution was coated onto a swab

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS-REACTIVITY)

To determine the analytical specificity of Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2, 36 commensal and pathogenic microorganisms (18 bacteria, 17 viruses and 1 yeast) that may be present in the nasal cavity or nasopharynx were tested. All of the following microorganisms were negative when tested at concentrations ranging from ${ 1 0 } ^ { 3 }$ to ${ 1 0 } ^ { 1 0 }$ cells/mL or CFU/mL (bacteria), ${ 1 0 } ^ { 4 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ (viruses), and ${ 1 0 } ^ { 8 }$ cells/mL (yeast).

# Bacteria

# Viruses

Yeast Candida albicans

Adenovirus type 1   
Adenovirus type 7   
Human Coronavirus OC43   
Echovirus 7   
Human Coronavirus 229E   
Enterovirus 70   
Coxsackievirus B4   
Human Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (Herpes   
V)   
Human metapneumovirus   
Rhinovirus 1A   
Measles (Edmonston)   
Mumps (Enders)   
Parainfluenza 1   
Parainfluenza 2   
Parainfluenza 3   
Respiratory Syncytial virus, type B   
Epstein Barr Virus   
Bordetella pertussis   
Corynebacterium diphtheriae   
Escherichia coli\*   
Haemophilius influenzae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus plantarum   
Legionella pneumophila   
Moraxella/Branhamella catarrhalis\*   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Proteus vulgaris\*   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus salivarius   
Streptococcus pyogenes

\* Some cross-reactivity was observed for E. coli concentrations greater than $2 . 2 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 9 }$ , Moraxella catarrhalis at concentrations greater than $2 . 4 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ , and Proteus vulgaris at concentrations greater than $1 . 5 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ .

In addition, in silico bioinformatics analyses were performed to assess the level of sequence similarity between the influenza A and B target nucleic acid sequence and the genomic sequences of the following upper respiratory tract microorganism. None of the organisms maintained genomic sequence that was significantly similar to the Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 target sequences.

# Bacteria

# Viruses

Bordetella bronchiseptica Chlamydia pneumoniae Chlamydia trachomatis Neisseria gonorrhoae Neisseria mucosa Proteus mirabilis

Adenovirus 2   
Adenovirus 3   
Adenovirus 4   
Adenovirus 5   
Adenovirus 11   
Adenovirus 14   
Adenovirus 31   
Coronavirus NL63   
Coxsackievirus B35   
Echovirus 6   
Echovirus 9   
Echovirus 11

# Enterovirus 71

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The following substances, naturally present or artificially introduced into the nasal cavity or nasopharynx were evaluated with Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 at the concentrations listed below and were found not to affect test performance.

# Substance

Mucin   
Whole Blood   
NeoSynephrine Nasal Spray   
Afrin Original Nasal Spray   
Ocean Saline Nasal Spray   
Chloroseptic Max   
Zicam   
Beclomethasone   
Budesonide   
Dexamethasone   
Flunisolide   
Fluticasone   
Mometasone   
Mupirocin   
Tobryamycin   
Triamcinolone   
Zanamivir (Relenza)   
Concentration   
$0 . 5 \%$ w/v   
$1 \%$ v/v   
$20 \%$ v/v   
$20 \%$ v/v   
$20 \%$ v/v   
20% w/v   
20% v/v   
0.068 mg/mL   
0.051 mg/mL   
0.48 mg/mL   
0.04 mg/mL   
0.04 mg/mL   
0.04 mg/mL   
4.3 mg/mL   
1.44 mg/mL   
0.04 mg/mL   
0.284 mg/mL

# Inhibition by other Microorganisms

Alere™ i Influenza A & B test performance in the presence of non-influenza respiratory pathogens was evaluated. Vendor provided stocks of influenza A and B strains were diluted in UTM to approximately 3 times the limit of detection. Contrived influenza A and B positive swab specimens were prepared by coating 10 microliters of virus dilution onto each swab. The following panel of non-influenza viruses were tested at the concentration provided in the table below and was found not to affect test performance.

<table><tr><td>Virus Panel</td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus Type 1</td><td>2.95 x 10&#x27; TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td>1.58 x 108 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Type B, Strain 18537</td><td>3.00 x 10³3 (PFU/mL)</td></tr></table>

# Inhibition by High Levels of Influenza A and B

Alere™ i Influenza A & B test performance in the presence of high levels of influenza A and B was evaluated. Vendor provided stocks of influenza A and B strains were diluted in UTM to approximately 3 times the limit of detection. Contrived influenza A and B positive swab specimens were prepared by coating 10 microliters of virus dilution onto each swab. To create the co-infection swabs, diluted influenza A (at a concentration approximately 30 times the LoD) was added to the near LoD Flu B swab. Likewise, diluted influenza B (at a concentration approximately 30 times the LoD) was added to the near LoD Flu A swab. No impact on test performance was observed.

# Carry-Over Contamination

An analytical carry-over study was performed to demonstrate that when recommended laboratory practices are followed, there is little risk of false positive results caused by carryover or cross-contamination in the Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 test. Vendor provided stocks of influenza A and B strains were diluted in UTM to approximately 30 times the limit of detection. Contrived influenza A and B positive swab specimens were prepared by coating 10 microliters of virus dilution onto each swab. Testing of the contrived positive swabs was alternated with testing of a negative swab sample for a total of 15 rounds. There were no false positive results obtained.

An additional analytical carry-over study was performed testing contrived positive VTM samples alternated with negative VTM samples following the test procedure for Nasal or Nasopharyngeal Swab Eluted in Viral Transport Media for a total of 15 rounds. There were no false positive results obtained.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A reproducibility study of Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 was conducted by operators from 3 sites using panels of blind coded specimens containing negative, low positive (at the limit of detection), and moderate positive (above the limit of detection) influenza A and B samples. Participants tested each sample multiple times on 5 different days. The percent agreement with expected results for the influenza A moderate positive and low positive samples was $100 \%$ (90/90). The percent agreement with expected result for the influenza B moderate positive and low positive samples were $100 \%$ (89/89), $9 8 . 9 \%$ (89/90), respectfully. All of the true negative samples (89) generated negative test results. There were no significant differences observed within run (replicates tested by one operator), between run (five different days), between sites (three sites), or between operators (nine operators).