# "VHVTU

R-Biopharm AG   
Patricia Meinhardt   
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs   
870 Vossbrink Drive   
Washington, MO 63090

Re: K171511 Trade/Device Name: RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid Based Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PIQ, OOI Dated: May 23, 2017 Received: May 24, 2017

Dear Ms. Meinhardt:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII

Indications for Use (Describe)

The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay, performed on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx System, is a real-time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of norovirus genogroup I (GI) and II (GII) RNA from raw or unpreserved stool specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of acute gastroenteritis.

The $\mathrm { R I D A } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } \mathrm { G E N E }$ Norovirus GI/GII assay is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of norovirus genogroup I and II infections in patients symptomatic for gastroenteritis in conjunction with clinical evaluation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information. The assay aids in the detection and identification of norovirus infections as the cause of acute gastroenteritis in sporadic cases as well as in the context of outbreaks.

Negative results do not preclude a norovirus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Submitted by:

R-Biopharm AG   
An der neuen Bergstraße 17   
64297 Darmstadt   
Germany

# Contact:

Patricia Meinhardt R-Biopharm Inc. 870 Vossbrink Drive Washington, MO 63090 Phone: 877-789-3033

Date of Preparation:

August 11, 2017

# Device:

Trade name: Common name: Type test:

RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII   
RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay   
Real-time RT-PCR intended for the in vitro   
qualitative detection and differentiation of   
norovirus genogroup I (GI) and II (GII) RNA   
21 CFR 866.3990 - Gastrointestinal microorganism   
multiplex nucleic acid - based assay   
PIQ, OOI   
Cepheid Xpert® Norovirus; (K142501)

Regulation number:

Product code: Predicate device:

# Device Description

The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay, performed on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx System, is a real-time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of norovirus genogroup I (GI) and II (GII) RNA in human stool specimens. The assay also detects an internal control RNA (ICR, bacteriophage MS2) that is added to each sample prior to extraction. Sample preparation

and amplification/real-time detection are completed on separate instruments. Each sample is pre-treated prior to extraction and sample processing is completed on the bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG® instrument with bioMérieux NucliSENS® Nucleic Acid

Extraction Reagents according to the manufacturer's instructions. The ICR serves to monitor inhibitors in the extracted specimen; it assures that adequate amplification has taken place and confirms that the nucleic acid extraction was sufficient.

Following processing, either extracted nucleic acids or extracted negative control (NC) or positive control (PC) material is added to the Master-Mix. The assay is performed on an Applied Biosystems® 7500 FAST Dx System. The detection is performed in a one-step real-time RT-PCR format where the reverse transcription is followed by the PCR in the same reaction tube under optimized conditions. The isolated RNA is transcribed into cDNA by a reverse transcriptase. Gene fragments specific for norovirus GI and GII are subsequently amplified by real-time PCR. The amplified targets (ORF1/ORF2 conserved junction region) are detected with hydrolysis $\mathrm { ( T a q M a n ^ { \frac { \infty } { 2 } } ) } ,$ ) probes, which are labeled at one end with a quencher and at the other end with a fluorescent reporter dye (fluorophore). In the presence of a target, the probe(s) hybridize to it and during the extension step the Taqpolymerase breaks the reporter-quencher proximity. Upon excitation by the Applied Biosystems® 7500 FAST Dx’s halogen light source, the reporter emits a distinct fluorescent signal which is detected by the optical unit of the Applied Biosystems® 7500 FAST Dx System. Hence, depending on the target sequence present (genogroup GI, GII or both), one, two or none of the reporters on the norovirus specific probes emits light to be detected by the instrument. Fluorophores are chosen in a way that their excitation and emission wavelengths do not overlap and signals are readily discriminated by the software. The fluorescence signal increases with the amount of formed amplicons.

# Device Intended Use

The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay, performed on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx System, is a real-time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of norovirus genogroup I (GI) and II (GII) RNA from raw or unpreserved stool specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of acute gastroenteritis.

The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of norovirus genogroup I and II infections in patients symptomatic for gastroenteritis in conjunction with clinical evaluation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information. The assay aids in the detection and identification of

norovirus infections as the cause of acute gastroenteritis in sporadic cases as well as in the context of outbreaks.

Negative results do not preclude a norovirus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis.

# Substantial Equivalence

The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay is substantially equivalent to the Xpert® Norovirus. Both are diagnostic tests for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of norovirus genogroup I and II nucleic acid in human stool specimens. There are no differences in the intended use population, sample material or technological principle of operation between the subject and the predicate device.

A multi-center clinical study was conducted to determine the performance characteristics of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay. A composite comparator method that consisted of a combination of Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) RT-PCR assays and bi-directional sequencing for norovirus has been used as the reference method. The Xpert® Norovirus used the same composite comparator method in a clinical study to determine its performance characteristics. The study results showed that the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay is acceptable for its intended use and is as safe and effective as the predicate device.

Table 1 shows a comparison of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay to the predicate device Xpert® Norovirus.

Table 1 Comparison with predicate device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII(K171511)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Norovirus (K142501)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIQ, 001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIQ, 001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The RIDA® GENE Norovirus GI/GIIassay, performed on the Applieda real-time RT-PCR in vitro diagnostictest for the qualitative detection anddifferentiation of norovirus genogroupI (GI) and II (GII) RNA from raW orunpreserved stool specimens collectedfrom individuals with signs andsymptoms of acute gastroenteritis.The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GIIassay is intended for use as an aid inthe differential diagnosis of norovirusgenogroup I and II infections inpatients symptomatic forgastroenteritis in conjunction withclinical evaluation, laboratoryfindings, and epidemiologicalinformation. The assay aids in thedetection and identification ofnorovirus infections as the cause ofacute gastroenteritis in sporadic casesas well as in the context of outbreaks.Negative results do not preclude anorovirus infection and should not beused as the sole basis for diagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid Xpert Norovirus Assay,performed on the GeneXpert® InstrumentSystems, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostictest for the identification anddifferentiation of norovirus genogroup Iand genogroup II RNA from raw orunpreserved unformed stool specimenscollected from individuals with symptomsof acute gastroenteritis. The test utilizesautomated real-time reverse transcriptasepolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) todetect norovirus RNA.The Cepheid Xpert Norovirus Assay isintended to aid in the diagnosis ofnorovirus infections when used inconjunction with clinical evaluation,laboratory findings, and epidemiologicalinformation. The assay also aids in thedetection and identification of norovirusinfectious in the context of outbreaks.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human stool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time reverse transcriptasepolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Page 4 of 11   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII(K171511)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® Norovirus (K142501)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayControl(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteriophage MS2 as Internal ControlRNA (ICR) in each sample. Positivecontrol (PC) and negative controls(NC) processed with each batch ofsamples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample processing control (SPC) andprobe check control (PCC) integratedin assay/instrument system. Externalcontrols available but not provided.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux NucliSENS® easyMAG®instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Self-contained and automated in theGeneXpert Cartridge and GeneXpertInstrument Systems. No reagentpreparation - all reagents are containedin the cartridge.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Applied Biosystems®7500 FAST DxSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert Instrument Systems(GeneXpert Dx, GeneXpert Infinity-48and GeneXpert Infinity-80)</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay was evaluated at 3 laboratory sites. A panel of 5 samples with varying concentrations of Norovirus GI and Norovirus GII that included negative, moderate positive and low positive samples was tested in triplicates two times on each of five different days by two operators at each of the three sites (5 days x 2 times/day x 3 replicates x 3 sites). The same kit lot of $\mathrm { R I D A } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } \mathrm { G E N E }$ Norovirus GI/GII assay was used at each of the 3 testing sites. Table 2 summarizes the results calculated over all 3 study sites.

Table 2 Reproducibility of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Channel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 %</td></tr></table>

SD: Standard deviation, CV: Coefficient of variation $\mathrm { n / a }$ : For negative samples, no coefficient of variation is calculated,

# Precision

The precision of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay was evaluated internally using a panel of 5 samples with varying concentrations of Norovirus GI and Norovirus GII that included negative, moderate positive and low positive samples. Experiments were performed in triplicates over 12 days with two runs per day by two operators at one study site (12 days, x 2 times/day x 3 replicates). Three independent kit lots were used for the precision study. The Inter-lot precision was calculated over those three kit lots. Results are shown in Table 3 and Table 4.

Table 3 Intra-Site Precision of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Member ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Channel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intra-Site kit lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intra-Site kit lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intra-Site kit lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI lowpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII lowpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI moderatepositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII moderatepositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI lowpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII lowpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI moderatepositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII moderatepositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 %</td></tr></table>

SD: Standard deviation, CV: Coefficient of variation $\mathrm { n / a }$ : For negative samples no coefficient of variation is calculated. $^ { * 1 }$ replicate is undetermined because of a pipetting error; replicate was retested.

Table 4 Inter-Lot Precision of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Member ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Channel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Inter-Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (Ct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII low positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII moderate positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 %</td></tr></table>

SD: Standard deviation, CV: Coefficient of variation $\mathrm { n / a }$ : For negative samples no coefficient of variation is calculated. $^ { * 1 }$ replicate is undetermined because of a pipetting error; replicate was retested.

# Analytical sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

The limit of detection (LoD) was performed to evaluate the analytical sensitivity of RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII using a dilution series of two native fecal samples, one genogroup I and one genogroup II into a negative stool matrix.

The genogroup of the two native samples was determined by conventional RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing. Norovirus RNA copy numbers in the dilution series of fecal samples were determined by using two standard curves containing either GI or GII transcripts quantified by real-time RT-PCR. Measurements for the standard curve were performed in duplicate. LoD samples were tested by RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII applying the quantified standard curve described above.

The preliminary limit of detection of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII was established based on the RNA copy number that gave a minimum of 2 out of 3 positive test results. The LoD was further verified by testing 20 replicates at the concentration determined in the preliminary studies. It was confirmed if all of those replicates yielded positive results. The RNA copy numbers per gram stool represent the mean values of the dilution series’ triplicates for each dilution.

The Limits of Detection of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII for the two genotypes are presented in Table 5.

Table 5 Limit of detection of the $\mathrm { R I D A } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } \mathrm { G E N E }$ Norovirus GI/GII assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI (GI.3B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5x 105RNA copies/g stool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GII (GII.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5x 105RNA copies/g stool</td></tr></table>

# Cross reactivity

The analytical specificity of the $\mathrm { R I D A } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } \mathrm { G E N E }$ Norovirus GI/GII assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 69 organisms, consisting of 56 bacteria, 1 fungus, 8 viruses, and 4 parasites representing common gastroenteritis pathogens or those potentially encountered in stool.

The analytical specificity study included testing of bacterial cultures at $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ to $\mathrm { 1 0 ^ { 9 } \ c f u / m l }$ , parasite and fungi cultures at $1 0 ^ { 7 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 9 } \mathrm { c f u } / \mathrm { m l }$ , and viral cell culture supernatants at $1 0 ^ { 5 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 9 } \mathrm { p f u / m l }$ in the stool specimens.

The samples were extracted using the NucliSENS® easyMAG® System and tested on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx platform. The analytical specificity of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay was $100 \%$ . Results are shown in Table 6.

Table 6 Analytical Specificity of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay   
Page 7 of 11   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGII</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Helicobacter pylori</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus type 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactococcus lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus type 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Aeromonas caviae</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pleisomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Astrovirus type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Astrovirus type 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sordellii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (O157:H7;EHEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli(0157; vtx1, vtx2, eae)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (O26:H-;EPEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (O26:H11;vtx2, eae)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (08; vtx1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia hermannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas fluorescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas putida</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus G1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus G2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus G3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus G4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus G9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella agona</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella bongori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enteritidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapovirus GI.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapovirus GIV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sapovirus GV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia liquefaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Steptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Steptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viridans streptococci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Analytical reactivity

The analytical reactivity of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay was evaluated using twenty-four genotypes representing both norovirus genogroups (GI and GII). All strains evaluated in this study were tested at low (near LoD) and at high concentration. Each norovirus genotype was extracted using the NucliSENS® easyMAG® System and tested in triplicate on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx platform. As shown in Table 7, all norovirus genotypes were detected at both concentration levels by the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay.

Table 7 Analytical Reactivity of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGII</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GI.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorovirusGII</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.4 Sydney</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.4 New Orleans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GII.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# Interfering substances

To identify interfering substances that could affect the performance of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay, an interference screen was performed. Therefore, potential interfering substances were added with appropriate concentrations (simulating either 1x or 3x the daily dose or “worst case” scenarios as appropriate) to 9 fecal samples containing the analyte (3 low positive GI, 3 low positive GII and 3 negative) For each sample, a common batch was prepared and subsequently aliquoted into 12 portions (11substances $^ { + 1 }$ reference measurement). To each aliquot, one substance was added at the concentration stated in Table 5. To detect possible interference, the samples with and without added potential interfering substances were extracted in triplicates (each sample was extracted three times for every substance), tested and the results were compared to each other. There was no interference observed with the 11 potentially interfering substances tested (Table 8).

Table 8 Potentially interfering substances and tested final concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen (analgesic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin (antibiotic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame (artificial sweetener)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium sulfate (radiocontrast agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human blood (maybe found in patient stool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 % (v/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen (analgesic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamide (anti-diarrhea drug)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole (antibiotic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin (mucilage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 % (w/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol (anti-diarrheal drug)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3 % (v/w)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stearic acid / Palmitic acid (1:1) (fatty acids)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0 % (w/w)</td></tr></table>

# Carry-over and Cross-contamination study

To evaluate the carry-over and cross-contamination with the $\mathrm { R I D A } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } \mathrm { G E N E }$ Norovirus GI/GII assay in association with the NucliSENS® easyMAG® System and PCR on the Applied Biosystems® 7500 Fast Dx platform, an internal carry-over study was performed. In this study, one high positive GII sample (Ct value between 10 and 20) was measured 47 times alternating with a negative sample measured 47 times on the same plate. This setup was repeated for a total of 5 runs (negative adjacent positive). The data showed no carryover or cross contamination.

# Clinical Performance

Performance characteristics of the RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay were established during a prospective, multi-center study conducted at four institutions in the U.S. from February 2014 to April 2015. A total of 769 specimens were collected at the four different study sites. Of the 769 samples collected, 50 samples could not be used for study analysis.

In addition, 332 samples, prospectively collected during various previous outbreaks at two institutions, were tested from September 2016 to April 2017. Of the 332 samples, 300 samples provided valid results.

A total of 1019 study specimens consisted of raw or unpreserved stool specimens from subjects with symptoms of acute gastroenteritis. The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay performance was compared to a composite reference method performed at the CDC (Atlanta, GA). Specifically, specimens were tested by conventional RT-PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing for both, Region C and Region D of norovirus.

The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay demonstrated $91 . 8 \%$ PPA and $9 9 . 1 \ \%$ NPA for detection of Norovirus GI, relative to the composite reference method (Table 9). The RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII assay demonstrated $9 4 . 7 ~ \%$ PPA and $9 8 . 0 ~ \%$ NPA for detection of Norovirus GII (Table 0).

Table 9 Norovirus Genogroup I vs. Composite Reference Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RIDA®GENE Norovirus GI/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>954</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>958</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1019</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Positive Percent Agreement (95 % CI)</td><td>91.8 % (56/61); (81.9 %  97.3 %)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative Percent Agreement (95 % CI)</td><td>99.1 % (949/958); (98.2%  99.6 %)</td></tr></table>

Table 10 Norovirus Genogroup II vs. Composite Reference Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RIDA® GENE Norovirus GI/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>778</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>790</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>794</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1019</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Positive Percent Agreement (95 % CI)</td><td>94.7 % (213/225); (90.9 %  97.2 %)</td></tr><tr><td>Negative Percent Agreement (95 % CI)</td><td>98.0 % (778/794); (96.7 %  98.8 %)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the $\mathrm { R I D A } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } \mathrm { G E N E }$ Norovirus GI/GII is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.