# September 12, 2017

Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. Clare Santulli   
Senior Manager   
4300 Hacienda Drive   
Pleasanton, California 94588-2722

Re: K171770 Trade/Device Name: cobas Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas Liat System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3130 Regulation Name: Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZN, OOI Dated: June 13, 2017 Received: June 14, 2017

Dear Clare Santulli:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# ForRibhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K171770

Device Name cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Liat $^ \mathrm { { \textregistered } }$ System

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4300 Hacienda DrivePleasanton, CA 94588-2722</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clare SantulliPhone: (925) 730-8886FAX: (925) 225-0207Email: clare.santulli@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>September 11, 2017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3130 - Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay21 CFR 862.2570 - Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OZN, OOI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® Cdiff Test on the cobas® 4800 system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Branchburg: 2243471Pleasanton: 3004141078Indianapolis: 1823260</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System (cobas® Cdiff ) is a rapid, automated in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of $C .$ . difficile DNA in human stool specimens.

The cobas® Liat® System is for in vitro diagnostic use. The system is designed to identify and/or measure the presence of genetic material in a biological sample. The system automates all nucleic acid amplification test (NAAT) processes, including reagent preparation, target enrichment, inhibitor removal, nucleic acid extraction, amplification, real-time detection, and result interpretation in a rapid manner.

# 1.1. Target Selection

The cobas® Cdiff test detects the tcdB target-specific and IC-specific oligonucleotide sequences. Toxin B (or tcdB) is a major toxin that is implicated in $C .$ . difficile pathogenesis and allows the differentiation between toxigenic and non-toxigenic C. difficile strains. Primers and probe oligonucleotide sequences were designed to detect C. difficile conserved sequences without cross-reacting with other Clostridium genus organisms, as well as with organisms commonly found in normal gut flora.

# 1.2. Test Principle

The cobas® Cdiff test uses silica magnetic particle-based nucleic acid extraction and TaqMan probe-based real-time PCR amplification and detection. The cobas® Liat® Analyzer automates and integrates sample purification, nucleic acid amplification and detection of the target sequence in biological samples. Other than adding the sample to the cobas® Cdiff assay tube, no reagent preparation or additional steps are required. The cobas® Liat® System consists of an cobas® Liat® Analyzer with integrated software for running tests and analyzing the results, and a single-use disposable cobas® Cdiff assay tube that holds all of the sample purification and PCR reagents and hosts the sample preparation and PCR processes specific for the Cdiff analyte. The test uses the assay tube as both the sample and reaction vessel. The assay tube comprises flexible tubing containing all required unit dose reagents pre-packed in tube segments, separated by pressure-sensitive seals, in the order of reagent use.

During the testing process, multiple sample processing actuators of the analyzer compress the cobas® Cdiff assay tube to selectively release reagents from tube segments, move the sample from one segment to another, and control reaction conditions such as reaction volume, temperature, pressure, and incubation time. Precise control of all these parameters provides optimal conditions for assay reactions, allowing the test to achieve high performance similar to or better than that of currently available molecular assays. The cobas® Liat ® Analyzer software controls and coordinates these actions to perform all required assay processes, including sample preparation, nucleic acid extraction, target enrichment, inhibitor removal, nucleic acid elution, and real-time PCR. All assay steps are performed within the closed and self-contained cobas® Cdiff assay tube, thereby eliminating the potential for cross-contamination between samples. The collected data are automatically analyzed and the result is displayed in the assay report on the integrated LCD touch screen of the cobas® Liat® Analyzer.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The cobas ® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System is an automated, qualitative in vitro diagnostic test, that utilizes real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR), for the detection of the toxin B (tcdB) gene of toxigenic Clostridium difficile in unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens obtained from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDI). The cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of CDI in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The primary technological characteristics and intended use of the RMS cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System are substantially equivalent to other legally marketed nucleic acid amplification tests intended for the qualitative detection of Clostridium difficile. As indicated in Table 1, the RMS cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System is substantially equivalent to significant characteristics of the identified predicate device, the currently cleared cobas® Cdiff Test for use on the cobas® 4800 System, 510(k) 142422. The predicate device and the submitted device both utilize the cobas® PCR Media Uni Swab Sample Kit for specimen transfer into cobas® PCR Media.

Table 1: Similarities and Differences between the cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitted Device:cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for useon the cobas® Liat® System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:cobas® Cdiff Test for use on the cobas®4800 System , K142422</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for useon the cobas® Liat® System is anautomated, qualitative in vitro diagnostictest, that utilizes real-time polymerasechain reaction (PCR), for the detection ofthe toxin B (tcdB) gene of toxigenicClostridium difficile in unformed (liquid orsoft) stool specimens obtained frompatients suspected of having C. difficileinfection (CDI). The cobas® Cdiff Nucleicacid test for use on the cobas® Liat®System is intended for use as an aid in thediagnosis of CDI in humans in conjunctionwith clinical and epidemiological riskfactors.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The cobas® Cdiff Test on thecobas® 4800 system is an automated,qualitative in vitro diagnostic test, thatutilizes real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR), for the direct detection ofthe toxin B (tcdB) gene of toxigenicClostridium difficile in unformed (liquid orsoft) stool specimens obtained frompatients suspected of having C. difficileinfection (CDI). The cobas® Cdiff Test isintended for use as an aid in the diagnosisof CDI in humans in conjunction withclinical and epidemiological risk factors.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conditions for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number,Classification andSubsequent ProductCodes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.2660: Microorganismdifferentiation and identification device.OMN: C. difficile Nucleic AcidAmplification Test Assay.OOI: Real Time Nucleic AcidAmplification System.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unformed soft stool specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real-time PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaqMan probes with fluorescent dyes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A gram-positive Bacillus thuringiensisisraelensis bacterial organism to monitorthe full process on the cobas® Liat®Analyzer. Native sequence in the bacteriais used as the Internal Control target.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda phage with encapsulated internalcontrol sequence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasmid in buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin B (tcdB) gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Transfer Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® PCR Media Uni Swab Sample Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnetic bead-based nucleic acidextraction automated bycobas® Liat® Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnetic bead-based nucleic acidextraction automated bycobas® 4800 System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on PCR cycle threshold analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Symptomatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

# 4.1. Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity (Limit of Detection or LOD) for the cobas® Cdiff test was determined by analyzing 2 toxigenic C. difficile strains ATCC 43255(VPI 10463) and R12087 (CDI 196). Five-member test panels were prepared with the two different strains of Cdiff at concentrations that bracketed the expected Limit of Detection (LOD). Replicates of each test panel member were then tested with two different lots of cobas® Liat® Cdiff assay tubes to determine the Limit of Detection, or the lowest Cdiff concentration to yield a Hit Rate of at least $9 5 \%$ , where all higher concentrations also have a Hit Rate of $\ge 9 5 \%$ . Additional replicates were tested to confirm the LOD.

Negative stool background samples were also run to verify the Limit of Blank (LoB).

The LOD results among 2 reagent lots are shown in Table 2.

Table 2: LOD cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REA*Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PFG†Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ribotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD(CFU/swab)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255(VPI 10463)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+CDT-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R12087 (CD196)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A+B+CDT+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr></table>

\*Restriction endonuclease analysis; † Pulse Field Gel

# 4.2. Inclusivity

The limit of detection of cobas® Cdiff test on 37 toxigenic strains representing additional toxinotypes was verified by testing three replicates per strain at three times the LOD level $( { \sim } 6 0 \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ equivalent to 270 CFU/swab) of ATCC 43255.

All 37 toxigenic strains were detected with a $100 \%$ hit rate for each toxigenic strain in this study, confirming that the cobas® Cdiff test can detect these C. difficile toxinotypes. Results are shown in Table 3.

Table 3: Results of Testing Three Replicates of 40 Cdiff Strains at ${ \bf 6 0 C F U / m L }$ ( $- 3 \mathbf { x }$ LOD)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cdiff Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ribotype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 11251(ATCC#BAA-1382; 630)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EX 623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC 008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>||</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 12827 [2004118; CDC-204118 (NAP-1)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>027</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE 844</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Illa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>080</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CH6230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IIIc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 11298 (P43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>023</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC11300 (2748-06)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE 881</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>045</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 11302 (SE 1203)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>033</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>063</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 12472(ATCC# 43598; 1470)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>017</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 11299 (51680)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>019</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 11304 (CCUG 8864/STCC20309)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>036</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 11308 (F15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IS 25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>056</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R 9367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>070</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R 10870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XIV(New-XIVa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R 9385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XV(New XIVb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUC36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XVI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMSCC 11309 (No 1313)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XVII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XVIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TR13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XIX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TR14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CH6223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD07-468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXIII(New-IXc)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>597B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXIV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>027</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXVI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KK2443/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXVII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD08-070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXVIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD07-140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXIX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>056</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ES 130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WA 151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXXI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XXXII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# 4.3. Analytical Specificity (Cross-reactivity)

The cobas® Liat® Cdiff test was examined for analytical specificity by testing 146 non-toxigenic strains (toxinotype XI) of Clostridium difficile, human genomic DNA, and other microorganisms which could be present in clinical stool specimens at ${ \sim } 3$ xLOD concentration.

Test panels were prepared that contained each of these microorganisms, and each test panel was tested with the cobas® Liat® Cdiff assay tubes. The microorganism concentrations that were tested correspond to approximately $1 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 6$ units (CFU, IFU, cells) per mL of stool specimen for bacteria and human epithelial cells (as a source for human genomic DNA) and $1 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5$ $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 }$ and/or PFU per mL of stool specimen for viruses.

Three non-toxigenic Cdiff strains (toxinotype XI) tested during inclusivity study [RMSCC # 11305 (ES 1103), 11306 (6035/06) and 12414 (F14)] were not detected by the cobas® Cdiff test are included in this section.

The cobas® Liat Cdiff Test did not cross react with Cdiff non-toxigenic (toxinotype XI) strains, human epithelial cells (tested as a source of human genomic DNA) or other microorganisms which could be present in clinical stool specimens and that were tested in the study. Further, the presence of any of these potential cross reactants tested did not interfere with detection of toxigenic Cdiff strains tested at approximately 3x LOD level.

All 149 non-toxigenic strains (toxinotype XI) of Clostridium difficile, human genomic DNA, and other microorganisms are listed in Table 4.

Table 4: All Cross Reactivity Panel Members   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism / CellNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism / Cell Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source#</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 49176</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19606</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 15309</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 7966</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35655</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. Faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 8750</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis subsp. Faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 15554</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35098</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13472</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 11778 (also known as HER 1414)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides caccae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43185</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25285</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides merdae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43184</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides stercoris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43183</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 15703</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium longum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 15707</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33559</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni (f.k.a Campylobacter coli)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43479</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni Subsp. jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33292</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 10231</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida catenulata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 10565</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cedecea davisae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33431</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia Trachomatis Serovar L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix # 0801776</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter amalonaticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25405</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 8090</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter koseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter sedlakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 51115</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium beijerinckii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 8260</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium bifermentans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 638</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium bolteae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# BAA-613</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium butyricum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19398</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium chauvoei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 11957</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (Non-toxigenic, Serogroup B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43593</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium diffcile (Non-toxigenic, Serogroup I)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43601</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium fallax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 9650</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium histolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19401</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium innocuum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 14501</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium methylpentosum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43829</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium nexile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27757</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium novyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19402</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium orbiscindens (re-namedFlavonifractor plautii)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 49531</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium paraputrificum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 17796</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13124</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium ramosum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25582</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium scindens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35704</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium septicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 12464</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordelli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 9714</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sphenoides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19403</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium spiroforme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 29899</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sporogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI# 11128</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sporogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 15579</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium symbiosum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 14940</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium tertium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ# 662</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium tetani</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19406</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collinsella aerofaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25986</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33030</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (AD-169)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810003CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desulfovibrio piger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 29098</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 15947</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eggerthella lenta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25559</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13048</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13047</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25788</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus cecorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43198</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus dispar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 51266</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis Van B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 51299</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium Van A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35667</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus gallinarum Van C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 49573</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus hirae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 8043</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 49427</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 11775</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25922</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 700927</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35469</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia hermannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33650</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium varium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 8501</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 14018</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gemella morbillorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27824</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hafnia alvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMCC# 147</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT-15 Human Cells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# CCL-225</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter fennelliae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35683</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter pylori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43504</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Adenovirus 41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810085CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coxsackievirus A4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810142CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coxsackievirus B4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810075CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Echovirus 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810023CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Enterovirus 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810236CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rotavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810041CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33496</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. Pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13883</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 4356</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 23272</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactococcus lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19435</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leminorella grimontii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33999</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria grayi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19120</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria innocua</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33090</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 15313</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# BAA-839</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mitsuokella multacida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27723</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus curtisii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35241</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Molellerella wisonsensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35017</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25830</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neiserria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35201</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus Gll</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix # 0810087CF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 14963</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27337</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 14029</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25260</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25845</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 29906</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25933</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus penneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35198</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 9886</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 9250</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 29914</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeroginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 35554</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 33584</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas putida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 12633</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ruminococcus bromii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27255</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. arizonae (f.k.a.Salmonella choleraesuis ssp. arizonae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13314</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMCC# 1975</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovarCholeraesuis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 7001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124(^)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovarTyphi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19430</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp.enterica serovarTyphimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 14028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMCC# 169</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 8100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13880</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serrratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27592</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 9207</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 11835</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 29930</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 14990</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13637</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 13813</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43078</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 27335</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sp.; strain V8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 12973</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus uberis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 19436</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trabulsiella guamensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 49490</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 10790</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 25870</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 17802</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia bercovieri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43970</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia rohdei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC# 43380</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">147</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (Non-toxigenic- Xla)(ES 1103)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BMTU# 13799 (RMSCC 11305)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (Non-toxigenic- Xia)(6035/06)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BMTU#9961 (RMSCC 11306)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (Non-toxigenic-Xlb) (F14)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BMTU# 9962 (RMSCC 12414 and 11307)</td></tr></table>

\* Non-toxigenic Clostridium difficile (#147,148,149) were tested during Inclusivity study.

# 4.4. Interference

Thirty eight commonly used medications, as well as fecal fat, whole blood, and mucin, were tested for potential interference effects with the cobas® Cdiff test. All substances were tested at levels above what could be reasonably expected to be collected by a swab in a stool specimen. The amount of interference substance is expressed as concentration in primary stool specimen. Two toxigenic C. difficile isolates were spiked to $3 \mathrm { \Delta x }$ Limit of Detection (LOD) of the cobas® Cdiff test and used as targets in the tests. Exogenous substances at the highest tolerable concentration with no interference on cobas® Cdiff test are shown in Table 5. Exogenous substances concentrations higher than listed in Table 5 may generate false negative or invalid results.

For fecal fat, no interference was observed up to $3 9 \%$ (w/v), and for mucin, no interference was observed up to $5 0 \% \mathrm { ( w / v ) }$ . For whole blood, no interference was observed up to $1 0 0 \% \mathrm { ( v / v ) }$ , which is equivalent to $100 \%$ of the capacity of the transfer swab. These results are summarized in Table 5.

Table 5: Results from Interference Substances Testing   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary StoolSpecimenConcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fecal Fat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22% - 39% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aleve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mylanta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anusol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dulcolax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equate Laxative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equate Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E-Z-HDBariumSulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fleet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GlycerinSuppositories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gravol Suppositories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gynol II Contraceptive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kaopectate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K-Y Jelly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Miconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mineral Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monistat Cream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monistat Complete Care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nystatin Ointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Palmitic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pedia Lax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pepto Bismol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Witch Hazel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation H Hemorrhoidal Cream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation H Hemorrhoidal ointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dramamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Steric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Docusate Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tums</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mesalamine Rectal Suspension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vagisil Anti-itch Cream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5% (w/v)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaseline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sun Screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monistat Vaginal Insert</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal Contraceptive Film</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 film vortexed with20 ml of primary stoolsample</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spermicidal Condoms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Condom vortexedwith 20 mL of primarystool sample</td></tr></table>

# 5. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

# 5.1. Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the cobas® Cdiff test was established in a multi-site investigation (2 external sites, 1 internal site) using simulated clinical samples evaluated across reagent lot, site, operator, and testing day. Overall, 818 tests were performed in this study, out of which 798 were valid for the study and included in the final percent agreement analysis.

Panels consisted of 3 members: 1 negative specimen and 2 specimens with different concentrations of 1 strain of toxigenic C. difficile – the first a low positive concentration at $\sim 1 \mathrm { \Delta x }$ limit of detection (LOD) and the second a moderate positive at ${ \sim } 3 \mathrm { \bf ~ x }$ LOD. There were

3 replicates per panel member; testing of 1 replicate sample was 1 test. A run was defined as testing of 3 replicates of a panel member. For each of 3 lots, panels were run on 5 different nonconsecutive days by 2 different operators at each of the 3 sites. Table 6 shows the percent agreement results by panel member concentration, negative percent agreement for negative panel members and positive percent agreement for positive panel members. For the ${ \sim } 1 \mathrm { \Delta x }$ LOD panel members (low positive), the overall percent agreement was $9 8 . 5 \%$ with a lower bound of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ Score CI of $9 6 . 2 \%$ . Overall percent agreement was $9 9 . 3 \%$ for the ${ \sim } 3 \mathrm { \bf ~ x }$ LOD panel member (moderate positive) and $100 \%$ for the negative panel member.

Table 6: Percent Agreement by Panel Member Compared to Acceptance Criteria   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of ValidTest Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetAcceptanceCriteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(262/262)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6%, 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1xLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(262/266)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2%, 99.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3xLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%(268/270)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.3%, 99.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td></tr></table>

\* $9 5 \%$ CI $=$ two-sided $9 5 \%$ Score binomial confidence interval. Results were in agreement when a positive panel member had a valid result of Positive (Cdiff Detected) for the analyte orwhen the negative panel member had a valid result of Negative (Cdiff Not Detected) for the analyte. $\mathsf { n } / \mathsf { a } =$ not applicable

Table 7 presents the mean, total standard deviation (SD), and total percent coefficient of variation $( \mathrm { C V } \% )$ ) of Ct values by panel member concentration.

Table 7 also presents percent agreement separately by lot, site, operator, and testing day.

Table 7: Percent Agreement by Panel Member for Lot, Site, Operator and Testing Day   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1x LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3x LOD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Number of Valid Test Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Overall Percent Agreement, % (n/N)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(262/262)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5(262/266)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3(268/270)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Score Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.2, 99.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.3, 99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Percent Agreement for Component Variables, % (n/N)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Reagent Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (85/85)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (87/87)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (88/88)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (89/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5 (85/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8 (88/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (85/85)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (88/88)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (89/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8 (87/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9 (89/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (88/88)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8 (87/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9 (89/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (43/43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (44/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (45/45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (42/42)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (44/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (45/45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (45/45)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 (43/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (45/45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (44/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8 (44/45)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8 (44/45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (44/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (44/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8 (44/45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (44/44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6 (43/45)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (45/45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Testing Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (53/53)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (54/54)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (54/54)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0(54/54)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3 (52/54)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (54/54)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (52/52)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0 (48/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1 (53/54)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (52/52)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (54/54)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1 (53/54)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (51/51)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (54/54)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 (54/54)</td></tr></table>

Note: ${ \sf C l } =$ confidence interval. \* For the negative panel member: Percent agreement $=$ (number of not detected results/total valid results) $\textsf { x } 1 0 0$ . For the positive panel members: Percent agreement $=$ (number of detected results/total valid results) $\textsf { x } 1 0 0$ .

Table 8 below presents the overall SD and percent CV $( \% )$ of Ct values for positive panel members at ${ \sim } 1 \mathrm { \Delta x }$ LOD and ${ \sim } 3 \mathrm { \bf ~ x }$ LOD concentrations, as well as the variance attributed to individual components (lot, site, operator, testing day, and within-run). Within-run variation refers to the variation within a ‘study run’ that consists of the 3 replicates for a given panel member processed by the same operator on the same analyzer on the same day.

Across all components, the total $\mathrm { { C V } ( \% ) \ w a s \leq 1 . 9 \% }$ with respect to the cycle threshold $\mathrm { ( C t ) }$ value for all positive panel members. Within each component, the $\mathrm { C V } \left( \% \right) \mathrm { w a s } \leq 1 . 6 \%$ across positive panel members.

Table 8: Overall Mean, Standard Deviation (SD) and Percent Coefficients of Variation (CV) for Ct Values from Valid Results for Positive Panel Members   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Standard Deviation and Percent Coefficient of Variation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1xLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3xLOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr></table>

# 5.2. Clinical Performance

The clinical performance of the cobas® Cdiff test was established in a prospective, multi-site investigation designed to evaluate the sensitivity and specificity of the cobas® Cdiff test compared to the combined results of direct and enriched toxigenic culture using leftover, deidentified, unformed stool samples from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection.

Nine (9) study sites from geographically diverse locations participated in this study. Nineteen (19) operators distributed across these study sites performed testing with the cobas® Cdiff test. Reference culture (combined direct and enriched toxigenic culture) was performed at a reference laboratory. The remnant sample was stored frozen for discrepant analyses or possible additional testing, as determined by Roche Molecular Solution (RMS).

All evaluable discordant specimens and an equal number of randomly selected and representative concordant samples were used for discrepant testing by an FDA-cleared comparator NAAT. Testing was performed at an external lab that was preselected and qualified by RMS.

Evaluable fresh remnant specimens were prospectively collected from 1,013 patients; 483 males $( 4 7 . 7 \% )$ and 530 females $( 5 2 . 3 \% )$ with a median age of 59 years (range 5 to 98). All 1,013 specimens had valid results for both combined direct and enrichment culture and the cobas® Cdiff test. Of the 1,013 specimens, 179 were positive for toxigenic C. difficile using the combined results from direct and enrichment toxigenic culture, for a prevalence rate of $1 7 . 7 \%$ for the study.

# 5.3. Comparison with Combined Direct and Broth Enrichment Culture

The clinical performance of the cobas® Cdiff test compared with the combined results of direct and broth enrichment toxigenic culture are shown in Table 9. The sensitivity and specificity of the cobas® Cdiff test were $8 7 . 2 \%$ (156/179; $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 1 . 5 \%$ to $9 1 . 3 \%$ ) and $9 8 . 1 \%$ (818/834; $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 6 . 9 \%$ to $9 8 . 8 \%$ ), respectively; and the PPV and NPV were $9 0 . 7 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 5 . 4 \%$ to $9 4 . 2 \% \AA$ and $9 7 . 3 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 5 . 9 \%$ to $9 8 . 2 \%$ ), respectively. Of the 23 specimens with falsenegative cobas® Cdiff test results relative to combined direct culture and enrichment culture, 19 were negative, 3 were positive and 1 was invalid by the second NAAT method. Of the 16 specimens with false-positive cobas® Cdiff test results relative to combined direct and enrichment culture, 14 were positive and 2 were negative by the second NAAT method.

Table 9: Comparison of cobas® Liat® Cdiff Test with Combine Direct and Enrichment Culture Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Combined Direct and Enrichment Culture Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® Liat Cdiff TestResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>818</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>841</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>834</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity (95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.2% (156/179; 95% CI = 81.5% to 91.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity (95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1% (818/834; 95% CI = 96.9% to 98.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7% (156/172; 95% Cl = 85.4% to 94.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3% (818/841; 95% CI = 95.9% to 98.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Note: Specimens with both combined direct and enrichment culture and valid cobas Liat Cdiff test results are considered evaluable and included in this summary table. Note: CI $=$ (score) confidence interval, $\mathsf { P P V } =$ positive predictive value, ${ \mathsf { N P V } } =$ negative predictive value, OPA $=$ overall percent agreement.

Of the 1,016 specimens tested with the cobas® Cdiff test, $1 . 4 \%$ were initially invalid and $0 . 2 \%$ initially had failed results. Following 1 retest per invalid or failed result, the final invalid rate was $0 . 1 \%$ and the final failed rate was $0 \%$ .

# 5.4. Comparison with Direct Culture

The performance of the cobas® Cdiff test compared to direct culture is shown in Table 10. The positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) of the cobas® Cdiff test compared to the direct culture for all 1,013 specimens were $9 4 . 6 \%$ (139/147) and $9 6 . 2 \%$ (833/866), respectively. Of the 8 specimens with false-negative cobas® Cdiff test results relative to direct culture, 7 were negative and 1 was positive by a second NAAT method. Of the 33 specimens with false-positive cobas® Cdiff test results relative to direct culture, only 17 were tested with the second NAAT method: 14 were positive and 3 were negative by that second NAAT method. The remaining 16/33 specimens were positive by enrichment culture and hence not tested with the second NAAT method per the discrepant analysis protocol.

Table 10: Comparison of cobas® Liat® Cdiff Test with Direct Culture Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Direct Culture Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas Liat Cdiff Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>841</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6% (139/147; 95% CI = 89.6% to97.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2% (833/866; 95% Cl = 94.7% to97.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Note: Specimens with both direct culture and valid cobas Liat Cdiff test results are considered evaluable and included in this summary table. Note: ${ \sf C l } =$ (score) confidence interval.

# 6. CONCLUSIONS

A comparison of the intended use, technological characteristics, and the results of non-clinical analytical and clinical performance studies demonstrate that the cobas® Cdiff Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.