# 4FQUFNCFS

Hologic, Inc.   
Ron Domingo   
Regulatory Affairs Manager 10210 Genetic Center Drive San Diego CA 92121

Re: K171963 Trade/Device Name: Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OCC, OOI Dated: June 29, 2017 Received: June 30, 2017

Dear Mr. Domingo:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S GPS

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay

Indications for Use (Describe) The Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay is a multiplex real-time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Nucleic acids are isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of a respiratory tract infection.

This assay is intended to aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A virus, influenza B virus and RSV infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections. Negative results do not preclude influenza A virus, influenza B virus or RSV infections and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. This assay is designed for use on the Panther Fusion system.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established when influenza A(H3N2) and A(H1N1)pdm09 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive any culture specimens.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay

# I. SUBMITTER

Hologic, Inc. 10210 Genetic Center Drive San Diego, CA 92121

# Contact Person:

Ron Domingo, MS, RAC Regulatory Affairs Manager Ron.Domingo@Hologic.com Phone: (858) 410-8167 Fax: (858) 410-5557

# Date Prepared:

June 28, 2017

# II. DEVICE

Proprietary Name of Device:   
Classification Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Regulatory Class:   
Product Code:   
Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay   
Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay   
21 CFR 866.3980 and 862.2570   
Class II   
OCC and OOI

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

The predicate device is the Prodesse ProFlu $^ +$ Assay (K153219; cleared November 20, 2015, Hologic, San Diego, CA).

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay is a multiplex real-time reverse transcriptase PCR (RTPCR) in vitro diagnostic test developed for use on the fully automated Panther Fusion system to detect and differentiate influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) directly from the nasopharyngeal swab specimens.

The Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay involves the following steps: Sample lysis, nucleic acid capture and elution, and multiplex RT-PCR where analytes (when present) are simultaneously amplified, detected and differentiated. Nucleic acid capture and elution takes place in a single tube on the Panther Fusion system. The eluate is transferred to the Panther Fusion system reaction tube containing the assay reagents. Multiplex RT-PCR is then performed for the eluted nucleic acid on the Panther Fusion system.

Nucleic acid capture and elution: Prior to processing and testing on the Panther Fusion system specimens are transferred to a tube containing specimen transport media (STM) that lyses the cells, releases target nucleic acid and protects them from degradation during storage. The Internal Control-S (IC-S) is added to each test specimen and controls via the working Panther Fusion Capture Reagent-S (wFCR-S). The IC-S in the reagent is used to monitor specimen processing, amplification and detection. Magnetic particles with covalently bound oligonucleotides mediate the nucleic acid capture. Capture oligonucleotides hybridize to total nucleic acid in the test specimen. Hybridized nucleic acid is then separated from the lysed specimen in a magnetic field. Wash and aspiration steps remove extraneous components debris from the reaction tube. The elution step elutes purified nucleic acid.

Elution transfer and RT-PCR: During the elution transfer step, eluted nucleic acid is transferred to a Panther Fusion reaction tube already containing oil and reconstituted master mix. Target amplification occurs via RT-PCR. A reverse transcriptase generates a DNA copy of the target sequence. Target specific forward and reverse primers and probes then amplify targets while simultaneously detecting and discriminating multiple target types via multiplex RT-PCR. The Panther Fusion system compares the fluorescence signal to a predetermined cut-off to produce a qualitative result for the presence or absence of the analyte. The positive result for each analyte will be accompanied by the cycle threshold $\mathrm { ( C t ) }$ value. The analytes and the channel used for their detection on the Panther Fusion system is summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gene Targeted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Channel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus A/B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ROX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RED677</td></tr></table>

# Assay Components

The reagents required to perform the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay are packaged and sold separately. There are 7 boxes containing 9 reagents which are required for sample processing. A description of the components that are required to perform the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay are detailed in Table 1. There is one ancillary kit, Panther Fusion Specimen Lysis Tubes, which is required for processing of specimens prior to testing on the Panther Fusion system.

Table 1: Reagents Required to Perform the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Box</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay Cartridges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion Extraction Reagent-SBox Contains:Panther Fusion Capture Reagent-SPanther Fusion Enhancer Reagent-S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion Internal Control-S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion Reconstitution Buffer I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion Elution Buffer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion Oil Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay ControlsBox Contains:OPanther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Positive Control (Non- infectious nucleicacids with targeted sequences for the Flu A, Flu B and RSV in abuffered detergent solution)O Panther Fusion Negative Control (Buffered detergent solution)</td></tr></table>

In addition, select components can also be ordered in the following bundles:

• Panther Fusion Universal Fluids Kit: (contains Panther Fusion Oil and Panther Fusion Elution Buffer). Panther Fusion Assay Fluids Kit I-S: (contains Panther Fusion Extraction Reagents-S, Panther Fusion Internal Control-S, and Panther Fusion Reconstitution Buffer I).

# Instrumentation

The Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay has been designed for and validated on the Panther Fusion system. The Panther Fusion system is an integrated hardware and software system that together with the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay fully automates all the steps necessary to perform the assay.

The Panther Fusion system integrates Hologic’s commercialized Panther instrument system with an add-on sidecar, the Panther Fusion module, which extends the functionality of the Panther system by increasing the assay processing capabilities to include real-time RT-PCR. The Panther Fusion module includes instrument hardware and software and can be installed on existing Panther instruments or ordered with new Panther instruments.

The Panther Fusion system employs non-specific target capture (NSTC) for the purification of RNA and DNA from the sample, followed by nucleic acid amplification and real-time fluorescent detection. The process involves sample loading and preparation (i.e. nucleic acid extraction) on the Panther instrument using the same workflow and processing steps as for other commercialized Hologic Aptima TMA assays. The extracted nucleic acid for each sample is transferred to the Panther Fusion module where PCR amplification and detection occurs.

# V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

# Intended Use

The Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay is a multiplex real-time PCR (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid and qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Nucleic acids are isolated and purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens obtained from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of a respiratory tract infection.

This assay is intended to aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A virus, influenza B virus and RSV infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections. Negative results do not preclude influenza A virus, influenza B virus or RSV infections and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. This assay is

designed for use on the Panther Fusion system.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established when influenza A(H3N2) and A(H1N1)pdm09 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive any culture specimens.

# VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

A comparison of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay to the predicate Prodesse ProFlu+ (K153219) is summarized in Table 2 (similarities) and Table 3 (differences).

Table 2: Comparison of Similarities Between Predicate Device and Subject Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prodesse ProFlu+ Assay(Predicate Device)K153219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther Fusion FluA/B/RSV Assay(Subject Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology Principle ofOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex Real Time RT-PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organisms Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A, Influenza B, andRespiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal control in eachsample. External controlprocessed at periodic interval.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male and female patients withsigns/symptoms of respiratoryinfection.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Comparison of Differences Between Predicate Device and Subject Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prodesse ProFlu+ Assay(Predicate Device)K153219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panther FusionFlu A/B/RSV Assay(Subject Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual real-time RT-PCRplatform.Uses Roche MagNA Pure LCSystem or bioMerieuxNucliSENS easyMAG fornucleic acid extraction and theCepheid SmartCycler II systemfor real time RT-PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated real-time RT-PCRplatform.Uses Panther Fusion system forall steps including nucleic acidextraction, amplification,detection and result processing.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Obtain TestResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 2.5 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Complexity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td></tr></table>

# VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

The following performance data (analytical and clinical) were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# Brief Description of Analytical (Non-Clinical) Studies

The following analytical studies (non-clinical) were conducted to support the clearance of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay on the Panther Fusion system.

Analytical Sensitivity and Limit of Detection (LoD) of Nasopharyngeal Swab Specimens The LoD was determined by testing dilution panels for two strains of Flu A H1, two strains of Flu A H3, two strains of Flu B and one strain of RSV A and RSV B, in pooled negative clinical matrix. At least 36 replicates were tested using three reagent lots on three instruments per test concentration, per each virus types. The LoD was based on results from the lowest concentration with $\ge 9 5 \%$ positive rate. The LoD values for each virus type were verified by testing newly prepared panel for at least 20 replicates. Panel descriptions are shown in Table 4.

Table 4: LoD Determination Panel Description   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/California/07/2009 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x10-1.0 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Massachusetts/15/13 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x10-1.5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x10-1.5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Victoria/361/2011 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x10-1.5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Brisbane/33/08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x10-0.5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Massachusetts/02/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x10-2.0 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x100.5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSVB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x100.0 TCID50/mL</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The reactivity of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay was evaluated against multiple strains of Influenza A, Influenza B, and Respiratory Syncytial Viruses. Test concentration on and detection results are shown in Table 5 below.

Table 5: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Result Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/1968</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brazil/02/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brazil/1137/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/07/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Costa Rica/07/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Dominican Republic/7293/13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Fujian/156/2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Georgia/F32551/12 2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Henan/8/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hiroshima/52/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/218/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/4801/2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/486/97 RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H5N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.4 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/1968</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/08/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Japan/305/1957</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H2N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003 ug/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Jiangxi/160/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Kentucky/2/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Malaya/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Minnesota/11/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/1976</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Ohio/09SW1477/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/1973</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/ H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Puerto Rico/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Solomon Islands/03/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Switzerland/9715293/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10-1.5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Taiwan/42/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/3/1975</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/ H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Vietnam/1203 RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H5N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27 ug/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/2/2006 (Yamagata lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/7/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hawaii/11/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hawaii/33/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Michigan/2/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Ohio/1/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Panama/45/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Phuket/3073/2013 (VictoriaLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/St. Petersburg/04/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A/A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A/Long</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A/Vero</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B/9320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B/Wash/18537/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Chicken/Germany/N/49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H10N7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Alberta/35/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Chabarovsk/1610/1972</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Czechoslovakia/1956</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H4N6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Memphis/546/1974</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H11N9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Pennsylvania/10218/1984</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H5N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Singapore/645/97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H5N3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Ukraine/1963</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/gyrfalcon/Washington/41088- /2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H5N8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Northernpintail/Washington/40964/2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H5N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/NY/01/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/Iowa/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x102 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Turkey/Massachusetts/3740/1965</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H6N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Turkey/Ontario/6118/1968</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H8N4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Turkey/Wisconsin/1/1966</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H9N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

Mucin, whole blood and other potentially interfering substances (medications and over-thecounter or OTC products) that may be present in the samples were evaluated in the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay. Clinically relevant amount of the potentially interfering substances were added to simulated clinical matrix and tested unspiked or spiked with cultured Flu A, Flu B and RSV at their respective 3X LoD concentrations. The substances consisted of nasal sprays (liquid and powder), ingestible pills, lozenges, injectable and endogenous substances. No interference in performance of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay was observed in the presence of a representative brand of the following potentially interfering substances at the concentrations stated in Table 6.

Table 6: Interfering Substances Description   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Endogenous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified mucin protein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Nasal sprays ordrops</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neo-Synephrine®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anefrin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ventolin® HFA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Nasalcorticosteroids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QVAR®, Beconase AQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beclomethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexacort</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dexamethasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AEROSPAN®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunisolide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasacort</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamcinolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinocort</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Budesonide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasonex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mometasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flonase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluticasone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal gel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zicam® (Allergy Relief)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Luffa opperculata, Galphimia,Glauca, Histaminumhydrochloricum, Sulfur</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Throat lozenges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Chloraseptic ThroatLozenges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.63 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menthol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Anti-viral drugs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relenza®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zanamivir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TamiFlu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oseltamivir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rebitol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ribavirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic, nasalointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bactroban cream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibiotic, systemic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Competitive Interference

Competitive Interference of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay was evaluated using a simulated clinical matrix with pairs of target viruses at two different concentrations. One of the concentrations was near the Limit of Detection $\left( 3 - 5 \mathrm { X } \mathrm { L o D } \right)$ while the other concentration was high (1000X LoD). The presence of two viruses at varying concentrations in a single sample had no effect on the analytical sensitivity ( $100 \%$ detection for both targets) at the concentration tested (Table 7).

Table 7: Co-Infection Concentrations and Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Target1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Target 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluB</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLU A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLU A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLU B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLU B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLU A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLU B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLU A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLUB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr></table>

Analytical Specificity The analytical specificity of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 52 organisms, consisting of 25 viral, 26 bacterial, and 1 yeast strains representing common respiratory pathogens or flora commonly present in respiratory tract. Bacteria and yeast were tested at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 5 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ or $\mathrm { I F U / m L }$ , except where noted. Viruses were tested at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 3 }$ to $1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ . Analytical specificity of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay was $100 \%$ for Flu A, Flu B, and RSV.

Table 8: Specificity Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 7a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophila pneumoniae(formerly Chlamydia pneumoniae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10° IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMV Strain AD 169</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10' CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackie B4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackie B5/10/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EBV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus Influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV Subtype A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106 TCID0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCIDs0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPIV-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1 Macinytre Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x10 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-2 Type 2G Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">'</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles/7/2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr></table>

# Carry-Over/Contamination

The carry-over/cross-contamination study was performed with negative samples alternately placed between high positive samples and tested. High positive samples were prepared by spiking (over 10,000X LoD). A total of nine separate runs with negative samples and positive samples placed in a checkerboard pattern were tested over three different instruments for a combined total of 449 positive and 449 negative samples. The carry-over rate was $0 . 4 \%$ .

# Assay Precision

Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay precision was evaluated with a 7-member panel. The panel was tested by three operators on two separate runs per day, using three reagent lots on three Panther Fusion systems over 45 days. The panel members, along with a summary of the agreement with expected results for each target is presented in Table 9. The mean and variability analysis between instruments, between reagent lots, between operators, between days, between runs and within runs, and overall (total) for Ct are also presented in Table 10.

Table 9: Percent Positive and Agreement   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel Member</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Agreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(162/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(97.7 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(162/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(97.7 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(14/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(86.0 - 94.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(97.7 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(162/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(97.7 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(153/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(89.8 - 97.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(7/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(91.4 - 97.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6% (1/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4%(96.6 - 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(162/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(97.7 - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(161/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(96.6 - 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(8/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(90.6 - 97.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/162)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(97.7 - 100%)</td></tr></table>

Table 10: Signal Variability Analysis Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenInstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between ReagentLots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenRuns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A1x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A0.01x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B1x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B0.01x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV3x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV1x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV0.01x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr></table>

# Brief Description of Clinical Studies

Clinical testing of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay on the Panther Fusion system included performance and reproducibility testing. Substantial equivalence is based in part on the performance study.

# Clinical Performance Study

This study was performed to demonstrate clinical performance characteristics for the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay. A prospective multicenter study was conducted with leftover, remnant nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens from male and female individuals of all ages exhibiting signs and/or symptoms of a respiratory tract infection. Four participating US pediatric/adolescent, private and/or university hospitals obtained 2961 leftover, remnant NP swab specimens. The samples were tested with the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay, with reference viral culture followed by direct fluorescent antibody (DFA) identification. A validated PCR assay was used for discordant resolution testing. Performance characteristics were estimated relative to valid culture/DFA results for each sample. Sensitivity and specificity were estimated with corresponding 2 sided $9 5 \%$ Score CIs. Analyses were performed separately for each target analyte (Flu A, Flu B and RSV).

Of the 2961 specimens, 31 specimens/samples were withdrawn and 2930 samples were processed in valid Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV runs, 2876 $( 9 8 . 2 \% )$ had final valid results and 54 $( 1 . 8 \% )$ had final invalid results. Of the 2876 samples with valid Panther results, 2869 specimens from females (1354) and males (1515) were evaluable for analyses (see Table 11).

Table 11: Summary of Subject Demographics for Prospective NP Samples in the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay Evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2869 (100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1354 (47.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1515 (52.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to 28 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82 ( 2.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 days to &lt; 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>758 (26.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>407 (14.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 11 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258 ( 9.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 to 17 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181 ( 6.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73 ( 2.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 to 64 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>691 (24.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 65 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419 (14.6)</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N P = }$ nasopharyngeal

Of the 2869 samples tested using the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay, $6 . 6 \%$ (189/2869) were positive for Flu A, $1 . 9 \%$ (55/2869) were positive for Flu B, and $1 2 . 7 \%$ (365/2869) were positive for RSV.

Performance characteristics for detection of Flu A, Flu B, and RSV in prospective NP samples were calculated (see Table 12). For Flu A, sensitivity was $9 9 . 2 \%$ (131/132, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 5 . 8 \%$ to $9 9 . 9 \%$ ) and specificity was $9 7 . 9 \%$ (2679/2737, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 7 . 3 \%$ to $9 8 . 4 \%$ ). For Flu B, sensitivity was $9 7 . 9 \%$ (46/47, $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 8 . 9 \%$ to $9 9 . 6 \%$ ) and specificity was $9 9 . 7 \%$ (2813/2822, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 9 . 4 \%$ to $9 9 . 8 \%$ ). For RSV, sensitivity was $9 8 . 7 \%$ (236/239, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 6 . 4 \%$ to $9 9 . 6 \%$ ) and specificity was $9 5 . 1 \%$ (2501/2630, $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 4 . 2 \%$ to $9 5 . 9 \%$ ).

Table 12: Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay Performance Relative to Culture/DFA for Prospective NP Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence1(95% CI)²2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95% CI)2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(95% CI)2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6 (3.9-5.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2 (95.8-99.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9 (97.3-98.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 (1.2-2.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9 (88.9-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (99.4-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3 (7.4-9.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 (96.4-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1 (94.2-95.9)</td></tr></table>

FN=false negative, $\mathrm { F P = }$ false positive, $\mathrm { N P = }$ nasopharyngeal, $\mathrm { { T P } = }$ true positive, TN=true negative 1 Study prevalence reported, 2 Score Confidence Interval $^ 3 5 5 / 5 8$ false positive results were confirmed positive and $1 / 1$ false negative result was confirmed negative for Flu A by PCR $^ 4 6 / 9$ false positive results were confirmed positive and 1/1 false negative result was confirmed negative for Flu B by PCR 5 114/129 false positive results were confirmed positive and 3/3 false negative results were confirmed negative for RSV by PCR

# Reproducibility

Panther Fusion A/B/RSV assay reproducibility was evaluated at three US sites using seven panel members. Testing was performed using one lot of assay reagents and six operators (two at each site). At each site, testing was performed for at least five days. Each run had three replicates of each panel member.

A negative panel member was created using a matrix of simulated nasal swab specimen in viral transport medium (VTM). Positive panel members were created by spiking 1-2X LoD (lowpositive) or 2-3X LoD (moderate-positive) concentrations of the target analyte into a matrix of simulated nasal swab specimen, composed of cultured human cells suspended in VTM.

The agreement with expected results was $100 \%$ in the negative and moderate positive panel members and $2 9 7 . 8 \%$ in low-positive panel members for Flu A, Flu B and RSV (Table 13). A lower agreement for low positive panel members was expected, since the analyte concentration of these panel members ranged between 1-2X LoD, which is expected to yield approximately $9 5 \%$ to $100 \%$ detection rate.

Table 13: Agreement of Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay Results with Expected Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">Panels</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">Expected Results</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compo-sition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conc.(TCID50/ mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(%)95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(%)95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(%)95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Low Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-2X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16E-02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86/86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.7-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86/86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.7-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86/86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Mod Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-3X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.49E-02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.8-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.8-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Low Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-2X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.90E-02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Mod Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-3X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E-02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Low Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-2X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.8(92.2-99.4)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Mod Pos</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-3X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.49E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100(95.9-100)</td></tr></table>

Conc $\cdot ^ { = }$ concentration, $\mathrm { C F } =$ Score confidence interval, Mod=moderate, N/A=not applicable, Neg=negative, Pos=positive, $\overline { { \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } = 5 0 \% } }$ tissue culture infective dose (measure of virus titer)

The total Flu A, Flu B, and RSV signal variability measured as $\% \mathrm { C V }$ ranged from $2 . 2 4 \%$ to $3 . 8 1 \%$ in low and moderate positive panel members between sites, between lots, between operators, between runs, within runs, and overall in panel members (Table 14).

Table 14: Signal Variability of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay by Panel Member   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenRuns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinRuns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28</td></tr></table>

CV=coefficient of variation, Mod=moderate, Pos=positive, $\mathrm { S D = }$ standard deviation; Ct=threshold cycle Note: In case variability from some factors may be numerically negative, SD and CV are shown as 0.0.

The signal variability as measured as $\% \mathrm { C V }$ was $\leq 1 . 4 5 \%$ between sites, between operators, between days, or overall for the Panther Fusion FluA/FluB/RSV assay positive control (Table 15).

Table 15: Signal Variability of the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV Assay Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOperators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenRuns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinRuns</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td></tr></table>

CV=coefficient of variation, Pos=positive, SD=standard deviation; Ct=threshold cycle Note: In case variability results from some factors are numerically negative, SD and CV are shown as 0.0.

# VIII. CONCLUSIONS

The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay on the Panther Fusion system performs comparably to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use. Hardware and software verification and validation demonstrate that the Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV assay on the Panther Fusion system will perform as intended.