T2 Biosystems, Inc.   
Tom Lowery   
Chief Operations Officer   
101 Hartwell Avenue   
Lexington, Massachusetts 02421

Re: K172708 Trade/Device Name: T2Bacteria Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3960 Regulation Name: Nucleic acid-based device for the amplification, detection and identification of microbial pathogens directly from whole blood specimens Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QBX, NSU Dated: April 30, 2018 Received: May 1, 2018

Dear Tom Lowery:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# ForRibhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K172708

The T2Bacteria Panel run on the T2Dx Instrument is a qualitative T2 magnetic resonance (T2MR) test for the direct detection of bacterial species in K2EDTA human whole blood specimens from patients with suspected bacteremia. The T2Bacteria Panel identifies five species of bacteria: Enterococcus faecium, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Staphylococcus aureus.

The T2Bacteria Panel is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of bacteremia and results should be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data. Concomitant blood cultures are necessary to recover organisms for susceptibility testing or further identification, and for organisms not detected by the T2Bacteria Panel.

Results from the T2Bacteria Panel are not intended to be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions in patients with suspected bacteremia.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

15.

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Date of Summary

April 30, 2018

# Product Name

T2Bacteria® Panel

Sponsor

T2 Biosystems, Inc. 101 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

# Correspondent

T2 Biosystems, Inc. Thomas J. Lowery, PhD Chief Scientific Officer Office Phone : (781) 457-1223 Mobile Phone : (617) 932-9047 Fax : (781) 357-3080 tlowery@t2biosystems.com

# Device Trade or Proprietary Name

T2Bacteria® Panel

# Regulation

21 CFR 866.3960

Common Name

Nucleic acid-based device for the amplification, detection and identification of microbial pathogens directly from whole blood specimens

Product Code Classification

QBX, NSU

Class II

This space intentionally left blank.

# Substantial Equivalence COMPARISON OF NEW DEVICE WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Bacteria Panel(New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Candida Panel (DN 140019)(Primary Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QBX, NSU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PII, NSU</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulatoryClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassII</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3960</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3960</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The T2Bacteria Panel run on the T2Dx Instrumentis a qualitative T2 magnetic resonance (T2MR)test for the direct detection of bacterial speciesin K2EDTA human whole blood specimens frompatients with suspected bacteremia. TheT2Bacteria Panel identifies five species ofbacteria: Enterococcus faecium, Escherichia coli,Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonasaeruginosa, and Staphylococcus aureus.The T2Bacteria Panel is indicated as an aid in thediagnosis of bacteremia and results should beused in conjunction with other clinical andlaboratory data. Concomitant blood cultures arenecessary to recover organisms for susceptibilitytesting or further identification and for organismsnot detected by the T2Bacteria Panel.Results from the T2Bacteria Panel are notintended to be used as the sole basis fordiagnosis, treatment, or other patientmanagement decisions in patients withsuspected bacteremia.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Candida Panel and T2Dx Instrument is aqualitative T2 Magnetic Resonance (T2MR®) assayfor the direct detection of Candida species inK2EDTA human whole blood specimens frompatients with symptoms of, or medical conditionspredisposing the patient to, invasive fungalinfections. The T2Candida Panel identifies fivespecies of Candida and categorizes them into thefollowing three (3) species groups:Candida albicans and/or CandidatropicalisCandida parapsilosis3Candida glabrata and/or Candida kruseiThe T2Candida Panel is indicated for thepresumptive diagnosis of candidemia. TheT2Candida Panel is performed independent ofblood culture. Concomitant blood cultures arenecessary to recover organisms for susceptibilitytesting or further identification.The T2Candida positive and negative ExternalControls are intended to be used as quality controlsamples with the T2Candida Panel when run onthe T2Dx Instrument. These controls are notintended for use with other assays or systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> whole bloo colcea bloo collentube 4 whol bloo colleen bloocolletntuewith K2EDTA anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> whole bloo colcea bloo collentube 4 whol bloo colleen bloocolletntuewith K2EDTA anticoagulant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Dx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Dx</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test CartridgeFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Bacteria Test Cartridge and disposables</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Candida test cartridge and disposables</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic acid amplification followed by T2 magneticresonance detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic acid amplification followed by T2 magneticresonance detection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Through put</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single cartridge test with random access withseven (7) draws on T2Dx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single cartridge test with random access with seven(7) draws on T2Dx</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Trays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Bacteria Test Reagents for detection of bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Candida test reagent for detection of Candida(difference is specific to primers and probes)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Bacteria Panel tests for five (5) different species ofbacteria commonly implicated in bacteremia:Enterococcus faecium, Escherichia coli, Klebsiellapneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, andStaphylococcus aureus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2Candida Panel tests for five (5) different speciesof Candida commonly associated with candidemia:Candida albicans and/or Candida tropicalis;Candida parapsilosis; Candida glabrata and/orCandida krusei</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>This space intentionally left blank.</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The T2Bacteria Panel run on the T2Dx Instrument is a qualitative T2 magnetic resonance (T2MR) test for the direct detection of bacterial species in K2EDTA human whole blood specimens from patients with suspected bacteremia. The T2Bacteria Panel identifies five species of bacteria: Enterococcus faecium, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Staphylococcus aureus.

The T2Bacteria Panel is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of bacteremia and results should be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data. Concomitant blood cultures are necessary to recover organisms for susceptibility testing or further identification and for organisms not detected by the T2Bacteria Panel.

Results from the T2Bacteria Panel are not intended to be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions in patients with suspected bacteremia.

# Limitations:

For prescription use only.

Please refer to the T2Bacteria Panel labeling for a more complete list of warnings, precautions, and contraindications.

# Methodology:

The T2Bacteria Panel detects and identifies five bacterial target species directly from whole blood specimens and independent of blood culture using nucleic acid amplification and proprietary ${ \sf T } 2 { \sf M } { \sf R } ^ { \circledast }$ detection technology. The assay is performed on the proprietary T2Dx platform.

The whole blood specimen, drawn into a blood collection tube containing $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 } \mathsf { E D T A }$ is used for the test. The blood collection tube containing a minimum of $3 \mathsf { m l }$ of blood is loaded directly onto the T2Dx instrument as part of the assembled Cartridge, a single use self-contained unit that contains all of the reagents and disposables required to run a single test.

Fully automated on the T2Dx, the blood specimen is mixed with the Lysis Reagent to lyse the red blood cells and the bacterial cells are concentrated by centrifugation. The Internal Control is added to the concentrated bacterial cells, which then undergo a bead beating step to lyse the bacteria cells. The supernatant containing the DNA from the lysed bacterial cells and the Internal Control are amplified with the target and Internal Control specific primers. The generated amplicon is then aliquoted into individual tubes containing targetspecific conjugated particles for Enterococcus faecium, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, and the Internal Control. These individual tubes are read in the MR reader and a signal is generated.

Up to seven specimens can be loaded onto the $\mathsf { T } 2 \mathsf { D } \mathsf { x }$ Instrument in parallel. When running a single specimen, the first result is reported in 3.5 hours from the time the specimen is loaded onto the instrument. The results are interpreted using the T2Dx applications software as valid or invalid, and if valid, target specific results are reported as Positive or Target not Detected. For one target, the Escherichia coli channel, results are reported as Positive, Indeterminate, or Target not Detected. An Indeterminate result is a valid result, but the presence or absence of Escherichia coli cannot be definitively assessed, and the indeterminate status applies only to the Escherichia coli channel. Results are displayed on the T2Dx touchscreen and can be printed. Raw T2MR data are not available to the end user.

# Performance Data

For ease of reference, Table 1 defines the target organisms contained in the T2Bacteria Panel and common acronyms used in the study descriptions and tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 1: T2Bacteria Assay Targets</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acronym</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eci</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kp</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC</td></tr></table>

# i. Limit of Detection (LoD)

The limit of detection (LoD) for each bacterial species was determined by spiking whole blood specimens with each individual bacteria target species. For each bacterial target, the LoD is defined as the lowest concentration $( \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ of target that can be detected at a rate $\geq 9 5 \%$ . The LoD was established by testing a minimum of twenty replicates each of two strains of each bacteria species at multiple concentrations. The LoD established for each bacteria in the T2Bacteria Panel is shown in Table 2a.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 2a: T2Bacteria Panel LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

# ii. Reproducibility

To confirm the site-to-site, operator-to-operator, system-to-system, and lot-to-lot reproducibility of the T2Bacteria Panel, negative blood and blood spiked with Kp and Sa or Efm, Pa, and Eci were tested at 1-2x LoD and 3-4x LoD at three sites, with three to four operators per site, two lots of reagents, and three T2Dx systems. Each sample type in the study was tested over six non-consecutive days. A total of 540 samples comprised of 108 negative samples and 432 positive samples were run with an overall reproducibility of $9 8 . 7 \%$ . The data, summarized in Tables 2b and 2c demonstrate that the T2Bacteria Panel run on the T2Dx across sites, operators, reagent lots, and systems performs reproducibly.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 2b: T2Bacteria Panel Reproducibility - Overall Performance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Accurate /N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Accurate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533/540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3-99.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 2c: T2Bacteria Panel Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>KS 1-2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Pos / N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105/108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Accurate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5-98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1-99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>KS 3-4xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Pos / N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Accurate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5-98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>EPE 1-2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Pos / N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Accurate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>EPE 3-4x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Pos / N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Accurate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Neg / N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 / 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 / 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 / 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 / 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Accurate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5-99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6-100</td></tr></table>

# iii. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity):

Analytical reactivity testing was conducted to ensure that the T2Bacteria Panel is capable of detecting multiple strains of the five organisms that constitute the panel. Clinical isolates were chosen based on resistance, phylogenetic, temporal, and geographic diversity and spiked into whole blood at $2 - 3 x$ the established panel LoDs. Inclusivity panels included the following:

11 Enterococcus faecium strains   
• 12 Escherichia coli strains   
• 13 Klebsiella pneumonia strains   
• 13 Pseudomonas aeruginosa strains 8 Staphylococcus aureus strains

A total of 57 organisms were evaluated for inclusivity in the T2Bacteria Panel. Testing was performed in triplicate. In the event of a false negative result, testing was repeated with 20 replicates and 19/20 replicates had to generate a positive result to be considered passing. Test results summarized in Table 3 demonstrate that the T2Bacteria Panel is able to detect multiple strains of each target species.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 3: T2Bacteria Panel Inclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N=3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N=20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-472</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51559</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49224</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51858</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 17050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 16308</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 20732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 23226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 24170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 31705</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2326</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700928</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2452</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1652</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23518</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29640</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33780</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6908</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1898</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1903</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1904</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13884</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13886</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8045</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 26108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2578</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700603</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 47085</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43637</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14203</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15692</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 25200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 27623</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27853</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 24907</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 24916</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 24918</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 24928</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 25009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMG 25143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33592</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1556</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1717</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 11371</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12598</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1683</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr></table>

NT: Not tested

# iv. Analytical Exclusivity

Analytical exclusivity testing of the T2Bacteria Panel was conducted to assess the cross-reactivity of the T2Bacteria Panel to non-panel species at 1,000 units/mL concentrations (CFU, ${ \mathsf { T C l D } } _ { 5 0 _ { i } }$ , or copies /mL where applicable) of pathogenically, phylogenetically, or environmentally relevant organisms in whole blood. Species that were shown to be potentially cross-reactive at the initial test concentration were further evaluated at lower target concentrations using a pre-defined titration scheme (100, 33, and 10 units/mL).

Analytical testing of the T2Bacteria Panel included 128 different organisms comprised of the T2Bacteria Panel members themselves, viruses, and pathogenically, phylogenetically, or environmentally relevant bacterial and fungal species.

The test results, summarized in Tables 4a and 4b, establish the specificity of the T2Bacteria Panel in the presence of all organisms tested at 1,000 units / mL with the exception of Shigella boydii, Shigella dysenteriae, Shigella flexneri, Shigella sonnei, Enterococcus durans, Escherichia albertii, Escherichia fergusonii, and Klebsiella variicola for which cross-reactivity was established at titer levels $\leq 1 0$ units/mL.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 4a: T2Bacteria Panel Exclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Organisms With No Reactivity at 1000 units/mL (CFU/mL, TCID50/mL, copies/mL as applicable)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Fungi</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillusfumigatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus niger</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidaparapsilosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcusalbidus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcusneoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusariummoniliforme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusariumoxysporum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhizomucormeihei</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rhizopus microsporus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rhizopus oryzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Rhodotorula glutinis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirustype 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis A Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hepatitis B Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Herpes Simplex Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Herpes Simplex Virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Varicella Zoster Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gram Positive Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Actinomyces israelii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridiumsphenoides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacteriumjeikeium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusavium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcuscaccae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcuscasseliflavus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcuscecorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusdispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusfaecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusgallinarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusgilvus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcushirae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus italicus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusmalodoratus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusmundtii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcuspallens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcuspseudoavium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusraffinosus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Finegoldia magna</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillusacidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactococcus lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leuconostocmesenteroides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeriamonocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parvimonasmicra</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pediococcuspentosaceus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptoniphilus harei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcusanaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionibacteriumacnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcusauricularis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcuscapitis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcusepidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcushaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcushominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcuslugdunensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcuswarneri</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcusxylosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusanginosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusbovis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusconstellatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusdysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusmutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcussalivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Streptococcusoralis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram Negative Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobactercalcoaceticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcinetobacterIwoffi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacternosocomialis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter pittii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacterradioresistans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonashydrophila</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Burkholderiacepacia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chryseobacteriumindologenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cupriavidus pauculus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacteraerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobactercloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacterhormaechei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacteriumnecrophorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacteriumnucleatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiellaoxytoca</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leptotrichiatrevisanii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxellacatarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Myroides odoratus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ochrobactrumanthropi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oligellaurethralis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pantoeaagglomerans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonasshigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providenciastuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasalcaligenes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasfluorescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasluteola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasoryzihabitans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes(oleovorans)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasputida</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasstutzeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ralstonia pickettii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Raoultellaornithinolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Raoultellaplanticola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Salmonella enterica Enteritidis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella entericaTyphimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratiamarcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shewanellaputrefaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Weeksella virosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Yersinia pseudotuberculosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>This space intentionally left blank.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Table 4b: T2Bacteria Panel Exclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Organisms That React at ≤ 10 units/mL (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross Reactive Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross Reacts with T2Bacteria Channel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus durans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia albertii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella variicola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td></tr></table>

Based on in silico analysis, Yersinia pestis is not expected to cross-react with any T2Bacteria channel. In silico analysis also showed that the new species Klebsiella quasipneumoniae, which was recently reclassified from K. pneumoniae phylogroup KpII to Klebsiella quasipneumoniae, is expected to cross-react with the $\boldsymbol { { \kappa } } .$ pneumoniae T2Bacteria channel. Similarly, the new species Staphylococcus argenteus, which was recently reclassified from S. aureus clonal complex 75 to Staphylococcus argenteus, is expected to cross-react with S. aureus T2Bacteria channel. These organisms have not been tested.

For one species, Enterovirus Type 68, 0 of 3 replicates tested at $1 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ were positive for E. coli; 1 of 6 replicates tested at $3 1 6 \top \mathsf { C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ were positive on the E. coli channel of the Panel. This species was deemed not cross reactive.

# v. Competitive Inhibition

T2 Biosystems conducted a Competitive Inhibition Study on the T2Bacteria Panel to evaluate assay performance in the presence of two or more Panel bacterial target species at high and low concentrations as well as selected bacterial and fungal non-Panel target organisms. The conditions tested included: co-infection with two Panel target species both at or near the LoD; co-infection with two Panel target species where one species is at high titer $( 1 , 0 0 0 { \mathsf { C F U / m L } } )$ and the other is at or near the LoD; and co-infection with one Panel species at or near the LoD and a non-Panel species at high titer $( 1 , 0 0 0 { \mathsf { C F U / m L } } )$ . Four replicates were tested and if any false negative results were generated, the test was repeated with 20 replicates. If a ${ \leq } 9 5 \%$ hit rate in the 20 replicates was generated, the concentration of the competing organism was titrated to determine the level at which the reaction is not inhibited.

Results from combinations of Panel members at or near the LoD tested when co-infected with a competing Panel member at either $1 , 0 0 0 \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ or also at or near the LoD are shown in Table 5a. False negative results were repeated with 20 replicates and all had $100 \%$ hit rates with the exception of the co-infection of $P .$ . aeruginosa (at or near the LoD) and $E .$ . coli $( 1 , 0 0 0 { \mathsf { C F U / m L } } )$ . For this combination, detection of $P .$ . aeruginosa had a hit rate of

18/20. When E. coli concentrations were reduced to 100, 33, and 10 CFU/mL, P. aeruginosa at or near the LoD was detected at a rate of $100 \%$ .

Results from combinations of Panel members at or near the LoD tested when coinfected with other clinically relevant organisms at $1 , 0 0 0 \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ are shown in Table 5b. False negative results were repeated with 20 replicates and all had $100 \%$ hit rate.

<table><tr><td>This space intentionally left blank.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Table 5a: T2Bacteria Panel Competitive Inhibition Results (Positivity)Co-infection with Two T2Bacteria Panel Members</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Efm(5-10 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Eci(11-22 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Kp(2-4 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pa(5-10 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sa(2-4 CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comp.Org.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comp.Org.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comp.Org.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comp.Org.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comp.Org.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm (5-10 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm (1,000 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eci (11-22 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/4*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eci (1,000 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/4*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kp (2-4 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kp (1,000 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pa (5-10 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pa (1,000 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa (2-4 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa (1,000 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr></table>

\*Required repeat testing at $\Nu = 2 0$ ; all yielded 20/20 hit rates except Pa $( 5 { - } 1 0 \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ with Eci $\left( 1 , 0 0 0 \mathsf { C F U / m L } \right)$ .

<table><tr><td>This space intentionally left blank.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 5b: T2Bacteria Panel Competitive Inhibition ResultsCo-infection with Organisms Other than T2Bacteria Panel Members</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CompetingOrganism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestConcentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>T2Bacteria Panel Members (Hit Rate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm(5-10CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eci(11-22CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kp(2-4CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pa(5-10CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa(2-4CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. haemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td></tr></table>

\* Required repeat testing and yielded 20/20 hit rate.

# vi. Interfering Substances

Studies were conducted to evaluate the impact of potential endogenous and exogenous interfering substances on the performance of the T2Bacteria Panel. These substances were added to negative whole blood samples or to whole blood samples multi-spiked with either E. coli, P. aeruginosa, and E. faecium, or K. pneumoniae and S. aureus at $2 - 3 x$ LoD. Three replicate samples were run for each interfering substance tested.

Tables 6a and 6b summarize the endogenous and exogenous substances and the maximum concentrations at which they were tested. All of the substances were tested in excess of standard reference or physiological levels and did not interfere with the performance of the assay with the exception of Ferumoxytol (Feraheme). Initially, Ferumoxytol was tested at $6 1 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , which is three fold higher than its $\tan \tt { a x }$ of $2 0 6 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ , but was found to be inhibitory to the performance of the T2Bacteria Panel. Dilutions of Ferumoxytol were performed and it was determined that concentrations $\geq 2 1 \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L }$ interfere with the performance of the T2Bacteria Panel.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 6a: Endogenous Substances Tested, No Interference Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ALT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 U/liter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144 U/liter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8 - 23.9 g/dL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactoferrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Blood Cells (buffy coat)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.08 x 107 -2.48 x 107 WBC/mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia (intralipid to mimic triglycerides)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3270 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*For hemoglobin and white blood cells, the concentration tested varied between sample types.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 6b: Exogenous Substances Tested, No Interference Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Azithromycin (Zithromax)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluconazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphotericin B Trihydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caspofungin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.8 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isovue 370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 μL per 4 mLvacutainer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefazolin Sodium Salt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.643 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linezolid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.8 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefepime Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>492 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lisinopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin Sodium Salt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnevist (gadopentetate dimeglumine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 mM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftazidime Pentahydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>487 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meropenem trihydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>701 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clindamycin HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.1 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Micafungin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytarabine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piperacillin/Pipril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primaxin, 50:50 ratio of Imipenem: Cilastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>528 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5.4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tazobactam (Tazobac)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.9 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# vii. Summary of False Positive Results

The false positive rates observed during analytical testing for each channel of the T2Bacteria Panel are shown in Table 7. Overall, false positive rates observed during verification testing were similar across all studies.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 7: Summary of False Positive Results in Analytical Studies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single vs. Multi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive Inhibition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr></table>

viii. Summary of Invalid and Indeterminate Results

The invalid and indeterminate rates observed for all samples tested in the verification studies were recorded (Table 8). Excluding interfering substances, invalid rates remained low across all of the studies at an average rate of $0 . 3 \%$ . Interfering substances had an exceptionally high invalid rate of $4 . 9 \%$ due to the nature of the study being the evaluation of substances that interfere with the T2Bacteria Panel. The indeterminate rate for the E. coli channel ranged from $0 \%$ to $1 . 3 \%$ across the verification studies, and in total was $0 . 9 \%$ in verification considering all studies or $0 . 8 \%$ after excluding the interfering subtances study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 8: Summary of Invalid and Indeterminate Rate Observed inAnalytical Studies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indeterminate rate(E. coli channel only)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD subset - E. coli spikes at 11 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single vs multi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total without Interfering Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Evaluation

The performance of the T2Bacteria Panel was evaluated at eleven sites within the US and compared to the reference method of blood culture. Patients were enrolled prospectively and two paired sample collections, one for blood culture and one for testing by the T2Bacteria Panel were drawn from each subject. The blood culture systems used in the study were BD Bactec™ FX, bioMerieux BacT/ALERT™, and Thermo Fisher VersaTREK®. Species identification was performed on all positive bacteria cultures and methods included Gram stain, bioMerieux Vitek $\boldsymbol { \mathfrak { B } } \boldsymbol { 2 }$ , bioMerieux or Bruker MALDI TOF, and PCR. The T2Bacteria Panel result was compared against results from these blood culture systems for Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA). A total of 1,427 subjects was tested prospectively.

Due to the low prevalence of the organisms contained in the Panel, an additional 250 contrived specimens were evaluated at three sites. Contrived specimens were prepared by spiking bacteria at defined concentrations $( \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ into healthy donor whole blood. A total of 50 strains of each of the five bacterial species (250 strains total) were used to prepare the contrived specimens. Further, an additional 100 blood samples not spiked with T2Bacteria Panel members were also evaluated as part of the contrived arm of the study.

Table 9 summarizes the overall PPA (sensitivity) and NPA (specificity) from the prospective and contrived arms of the study. The PPA (sensitivity) ranged from $8 1 . 3 \%$ to $100 \%$ and the NPA (specificity) ranged from $9 5 . 5 \%$ to $100 \%$ . Details of the individual arms of the study are summarized in the respective sections below.

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Table 9. Sensitivity (PPA) and and Specificity (NPA) from Combined Prospective and Contrived Arms of the T2Bacteria Clinical Study</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Clinical Study Target Species Arm</td><td colspan="2">PPA1</td><td colspan="2">NPA²</td></tr><tr><td>PPA</td><td>95% CI</td><td>NPA</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Contrived E. faecium</td><td>100% (40/40)</td><td>91.2 - 100%</td><td>100% (300/300)</td><td>98.7 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td>Prospective 100% (1/1)</td><td>20.7 - 100%</td><td>99.4% (1417/1426)</td><td>98.8 - 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Contrived S. aureus</td><td>92.3% (36/39)</td><td>79.7 - 97.3%</td><td>100% (300/300)</td><td>98.7 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td>Prospective 81.3% (13/16)3</td><td>57.0 - 93.4%</td><td>98.0% (1383/1411)</td><td>97.1 - 98.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">K. pneumoniae</td><td>Contrived</td><td>100% (40/40)</td><td>91.2 - 100%</td><td>99.3% (298/300) 97.6 - 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Prospective</td><td>100% (6/6) 61.0 - 100%</td><td>98.5% (1399/1421)</td><td>97.7 - 99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">P. aeruginosa</td><td>Contrived</td><td>97.4% (38/39)</td><td>86.8 - 99.5%</td><td>97.7% (293/300) 95.3 - 98.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Prospective</td><td>100% (5/5)</td><td>56.6 - 100% 97.7% (1389/1422)</td><td>96.8 - 98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">E. coli</td><td>Contrived</td><td>90.9% (20/22)</td><td>72.2 - 97.5% 97.3% (292/300)</td><td>94.8 - 98.6%</td></tr><tr><td>Prospective</td><td>90.9% (10/11)4</td><td>62.3 - 98.4%</td><td>95.0% (1345/1416)5 93.7 - 96.0%</td></tr></table>

1 Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) or Sensitivity was calculated against samples with titer levels at or above limit of detection (LoD) in Contrived Arm and blood culture positives in Prospective Arm. 2 Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) or Specificity was calculated from all samples (including below LoD and unspiked negative samples) as the total number of negative channels divided by total number of non-spiked channels in Contrived Arm and blood culture negatives in Prospective Arm.

3 One subject was blood culture positive for S. aureus but negative in the first blood sample and S. aureus positive in the second concurrently collected blood sample tested by T2Bacteria Panel. Data shown reflects first result, not second result.

4 One subject was blood culture positive for E. coli but negative in the first blood sample and E. coli positive in the second concurrently collected blood sample tested by T2Bacteria Panel. Data shown reflects first result, not second result.

$^ 5 { \sf O } { \sf f }$ the total 1416 blood culture negative subjects, 8 $\left( 0 . 6 \% \right)$ yielded indeterminate results for the E. coli channel.

# Prospective Arm: T2Bacteria Panel Performance vs. Blood Culture

In the prospective arm of the study, the overall positivity rate for bacterial blood culture was $6 . 2 \%$ , with $2 . 7 \%$ specific for target organisms contained in the T2Bacteria Panel, whereas the overall positivity rate for the T2Bacteria Panel was $1 3 . 3 \%$ . The PPA (sensitivity) of the T2Bacteria Panel against blood culture ranged from $8 1 . 3 \%$ to $100 \%$ depending upon bacterial species. The NPA (specificity) of the T2Bacteria Panel against blood culture ranged from $9 5 . 5 \%$ to $9 9 . 4 \%$ , where all channels showed an NPA of $> 9 7 . 5 \%$ with exception of E. coli at $9 5 . 5 \%$ (Figure 1; Table 10).

Figure 1: T2Bacteria Panel Performance as Compared to Blood Culture   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Eci</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>T2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ind</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1346</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1416</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=5>Value   - 95% CI+95% ClPPA       90.9%  62.3%   98.4%NPA       95.0%   93.7%   96.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPANPA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Efm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>T2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1417</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Value   - 95%CI+95% CIPPA      100.0%  20.7% 100.0%NPA       99.4%  98.8%  99.7%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Kp</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>T2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1399</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1421</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPANPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Value   - 95% CI+95% CI100.0%  61.0% 100.0%98.5%  97.7%  99.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Pa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>T2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1389</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Value   - 95% CI+95% CIPPA      100.0%  56.6% 100.0%NPA       97.7%  96.8%  98.3%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Sa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>T2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1386</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Value   - 95%CI+95% CIPPA       81.3%  57.0%  93.4%NPA       98.0%  97.1%  98.6%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 10: T2Bacteria Panel Performance as Compared to Blood Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA (Sensitivity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPA (Specificity)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9% (10/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.3 - 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0% (1345/1416)1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7 - 96.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4% (1417/1426)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8 - 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5% (1399/1421)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 - 99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (5/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6 - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7% (1389/1422)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8 - 98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.3% (13/16)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.0 - 93.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0% (1383/1411)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1 - 98.6%</td></tr></table>

1 Of the total 1416 blood culture negative subjects, 8 $\left( 0 . 6 \% \right)$ yielded indeterminate results for the $\boldsymbol { E }$ . coli channel.

Both freshly collected and frozen blood samples were tested with the T2Bacteria Panel in the Prospective arm. Of the 1,427 patient specimens tested, 672 were fresh and 755 were frozen. An analysis was performed and demonstrated that the fresh and frozen samples did not show a statistically significant difference in PPA or NPA $( p > 0 . 1 2$ ; Table 11).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 11: T2Bacteria Panel Performance on Fresh v Frozen Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA (Sensitivity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPA (Specificity)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP /(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN /(TN + FP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Eci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>630 / 666</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>715 / 742</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Efm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>666 / 671</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>751 / 755</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Kp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656 / 668</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>743 / 753</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656 / 670</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>733 / 752</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 /10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>647 / 662</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>736 / 749</td></tr></table>

# Contrived Arm

Results for the Contrived arm were further analyzed based on the spiked pathogen concentration (either above or below the LoD). The positivity rates for contrived clinical testing were consistent with the results determined for the analytical LoD levels, as shown in Table 12.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 12: PPA for Contrived samples above and below the Limit of Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ContrivedSample Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>&lt; LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>≥ LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.8% (19/28)1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.3 - 82.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9% (20/22)²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2 - 97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0% (6/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3 - 83.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0% (5/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7 - 76.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.6% (7/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4 - 84.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% (38/39)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8 - 99.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2% (2/11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 - 47.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3% (36/39)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.7 - 97.3%</td></tr></table>

1 Of the total 28 samples spiked at < LoD, 2 $( 7 \% )$ yielded indeterminate results for the $E$ . coli channel. 2 For all samples spiked with $E$ . coli at ${ > } 1$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ , the positivity rate was $3 6 / 4 0$ yielding a PPA of $9 0 . 0 \%$ $( 7 7 . 0 - 9 6 . 0 \% 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I ) }$ .

# Evaluation of False Positive Results

Overall, in the prospective study, there were 190 T2 positive results consisting of 35 $\scriptstyle { \mathsf { T } } 2 + / { \mathsf { B } } { \mathsf { C } } +$ concordant results and $1 5 5 \top 2 + / \mathsf { B C } -$ potential false positive results. As shown in Table 13, of the 155 potential false positive results, 39 represented patients with an additional positive blood culture at a different blood draw within $\pm 1 4$ days of the T2 draw and 30 results for which an additional blood specimen (drawn at the same time as the original positive T2 specimen) was positive by an amplification and gene sequencing method. An additional 23 results were obtained from patients who had other non-blood specimens positive for the same target organism (collected $\pm \nobreakspace 1 4 \nobreakspace$ days from the positive T2 specimen). Based on this analysis, 63 of the 190 T2 positive results $( 3 3 \% )$ or 63 of the 155 potential false positive results $( 4 1 \% )$ were not associated with evidence of infection.

Table 13: Summary of T2(+) / BC(-) Discordant Analysis in Prospective Arm   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 13: Summary of T2(+) 7 BC(-) Discordant Analysis in Prospective Arm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T2(+) /BC(-)total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OtherBloodCulturepositive1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sequencingpositive{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T2(+) /BC(-)associated withstrongevidence ofinfection³3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T2(+) /BC(-)associated withother evidence ofinfection Non-Blood MatricesCulture Positive4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T2(+) / BC(-)associated withno evidence ofinfection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4% (4/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3% (3/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.2% (2/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3% (21/63)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7% (8/63)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.0% (34/63)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.6% (14/22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6% (3/22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.7% (5/22)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3% (11/33)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1% (4/33)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5% (18/33)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.9% (19/28)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.9% (5/28)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3% (4/28)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.5% (69/155)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8% (23/155)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.7% (63/155)</td></tr></table>

1 Blood cultures positive for the T2 species identified other than the paired blood culture and processed within $\pm \nobreakspace 1 4 \nobreakspace$ days of collection of the T2 sample.

2 Sequencing from blood samples drawn at the same time as collection of the T2 sample and positive for the T2 species identified, where this sequencing assay was only run on subjects without positive evidence from other sample sources (footnote 1 and 2).

3 Strong evidence defined as a T2 positive result associated with a blood culture positive from a different draw than T2 draw or a sequencing positive result from a blood sample drawn concurrently with the T2 draw.

4 Other cultures from non-blood sample matrices positive for the T2 species identified within $\pm \nobreakspace 1 4 \nobreakspace$ days of collection of the T2 sample.

Further investigation identified reagents contamination as the likely source for the false positive results from patients with no evidence of infection. T2 Biosystems implemented improved reagent testing methods and release criteria with the overall goal of reducing the rate of false positive results that can be attributed to reagents contamination. As shown in Table 14, after these improvements reagents contamination was observed at levels of $\leq 1 \%$ for all targets.

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Table 14: Positivity of T2Bacteria Panel in QCheck NEG samples before and after</td></tr><tr><td>improvements Species</td><td>Efm</td><td>Eci</td><td>Kp</td><td>Pa</td><td>Sa</td></tr><tr><td>Before Improvements</td><td>0.00% (0/875)</td><td>1.94% (17/875)</td><td>0.23% (2/875)</td><td>0.91% (8/875)</td><td>0.00% (0/875)</td></tr><tr><td>After Improvements</td><td>0.00% (0/286)</td><td>1.05% (3/286)</td><td>0.00% (0/286)</td><td>0.35% (1/286)</td><td>0.00% (0/286)</td></tr></table>

Archived samples were tested for 43 of the 52 discordant $\mathsf { T } 2 ( + ) / \mathsf { B C } ( - )$ samples that were originally positive for E. coli (30 samples tested) or P. aeruginosa (13 samples tested) but not associated with any other evidence of infection. Upon retesting after improvements, none of the archived samples were positive for E. coli, suggesting that the original 30 tested E. coli positive samples were most likely false positive results. Two of the archived samples were positive for P. aeruginosa from patients who were originally T2 positive for P. aeruginosa, suggesting that these 2 samples were most likely true positive results and the remaining 11 tested samples were most likely false positive results for P. aeruginosa.

After improvements, additional testing was completed on 286 QCheck negative controls and $\boldsymbol { 1 2 0 } \mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA blood samples obtained from healthy donors. False positives were observed only for E. coli $( 1 . 7 \% )$ and P. aeruginosa $( 1 . 7 \% )$ in the blood samples and only for E. coli $( 1 . 0 \% )$ and $P .$ . aeruginosa $( 0 . 3 \% )$ in the QCheck negative controls.

Prospective and Contrived arm, Invalid and Indeterminate rate

The Prospective arm showed an overall invalid rate of $0 . 5 \%$ and an indeterminate rate of $0 . 6 \%$ , where the indeterminate result applies to the E. coli channel only. Similarly, the Contrived arm showed a $0 . 0 \%$ invalid rate and $0 . 6 \%$ indeterminate rate. In aggregate, the combined Prospective and Contrived arms generated a total invalid rate of $0 . 4 \%$ and total indeterminate rate of $0 . 6 \%$ .