# November 22, 2017

GenePOC Inc.   
Guy Sevigny   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 360 rue Franquet   
Quebec, G1P 4N3 Ca

Re: K172569 Trade/Device Name: GenePOC CDiff Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3130 Regulation Name: Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZN Dated: August 25, 2017 Received: August 25, 2017

Dear Guy Sevigny:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding an adulteration. Please note:CRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classifid (ee above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), t may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emiing products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http:/www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Steven R. Gitterman -S for

Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) K172569</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name GenePOC CDiff</td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburen tocollectionomationtate veraghours  ons,cd time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(K) SUMMARY

# A. GENERAL INFORMATION

# Submission Date:

November 17, 2017

# Submitter Information:

Submitted By:

GenePOC Inc.   
360 rue Franquet   
Québec (Québec) G1P 4N3 Canada

# Contact Person:

Guy Sevigny   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
GenePOC Inc.   
Telephone: $+ 1$ 418 650-3535 ext. 261 Email: guy.sevigny $@$ genepoc.ca

# B. PURPOSE FOR SUBMISSION:

To obtain a substantial equivalence determination for the GenePOC™M CDiffassay

# C. MEASURAND:

tcdB gene of toxigenic Clostridium difficile (C. difficile)

# D. TYPE OF TEST:

Real-time Polymerase chain reaction (rtPCR)

# E. DEVICE INFORMATION:

1.Trade Name: GenePOCTM CDiff

2. Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3130 - Clostridium difficile toxin gene amplification assay

3. Classification: Class II

4. Product Code: OZN

5. Panel: 83, Microbiology

# F. INTENDED USE:

1. Intended Use and Indications for Use:

The GenePOCTM CDiff assay performed on the revogeneTM instrument is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test that utilizes automated sample processing and real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to detect the toxin B (tcdB) gene of toxigenic Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) in unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens obtained from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDI). The GenePOCTM CDiff assay is intended to aid in the diagnosis of CDI.

2. Special conditions for use statement(s): Prescription Use Only

3. Special instrument requirements: revogeneTM

# G. DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

The GenePOCTM CDiff assay is a single-use test for the qualitative detection of the toxin B (tcdB) gene of toxigenic Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) in unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens. The GenePOCTM CDiff assay kit is comprised of the disposable CDiff microfluidic cartridges (PIE), Disposable Transfer Loops (DTL), Sample Buffer Tubes (SBT), and Disposable Transfer Tools (DTT; pipette). These components are used to suspend the sample, extract, amplify, and detect C. difficile nucleic acid. A Process Control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ is also incorporated into each PIE to verify sample processing and amplification steps. The PrC allows for the verification of potential inhibitor substances as well as microfluidic, instrument or reagent failure. The GenePOCTM CDiff assay is designed to be used on the revogeneTM. The revogeneTM is an instrument that automates sample homogenization, sample dilution, cells lysis, DNA amplification and detection of the amplified PCR products.

Each GenePOCTM CDiff assay kit provides components for 24 tests. User intervention is required for sample preparation, transferring the stool specimen with the DTL into the SBT, using the DTT to transfer the sample into the PIE, and loading/unloading the PIE into the revogeneTM carousel. Each PIE is a completely integrated closed device in which a sample is dispensed and processed through different microfluidic chambers and channels that allow for the sample processing and subsequent real-time PCR steps.

Upon completion of a run, the results are computed by the revogeneTM from measured fluorescent signals and embedded calculation algorithms. The output results include positive, negative, indeterminate, and unresolved. Upon completion of a run, the user removes the used cartridges and disposes of them in normal biological waste. Results may be viewed, printed, transferred, and/or stored by the user.

# H. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

1. Predicate Device Name: BD MAX CDIFF ASSAY, BD MAX INSTRUMENT

2. Predicate 510(k) Number: K130470

3. Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GenePOCTM CDiff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX Cdiff Assay (Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject of submission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K130470</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Useand Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GenePOC CDiff assay performedon the revogeneT instrument is aqualitative in vitro diagnostic test thatutilizes automated sample processingand real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) to detect the toxin B(tcdB) gene of toxigenic Clostridiumdifficile (C. difficile) in unformed(liquid or soft) stool specimensobtained from patients suspected ofhaving C. difficile infection (CDI). TheGenePOC CDiff assay is intended toaid in the diagnosis of CDI.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD MAX Cdiff Assay performed onthe BD MAXTM System is an automated invitro diagnostic test for the direct,qualitative detection of the Clostridiumdifficile toxin B gene (tcdB) in humanliquid or soft stool specimens from patientssuspected of having C. difficile infection(CDI). The test, performed directly on thespecimen, utilizes real-time polymerasechain reaction (PCR) for the amplificationof C. difficile toxin B gene DNA andfluorogenic target-specific hybridizationprobes for the detection of the amplifiedDNA. The BD MAX Cdiff Assay isintended to aid in the diagnosis of CDI.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SIMILARITIES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OZN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presence of the toxin B (tcdB) gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unformed (liquid or soft) stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: Real Time PCRDetection: Fluorogenic target-specific hybridization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectionprobes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaqMan® Probe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplepreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by revogeneTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by BD MAXTM system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation oftest results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated (Diagnostic software of therevogeneTM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated (Diagnostic software of BDMAXTM system)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal ProcessControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To help monitor presence of potentialinhibitory substances as well as anysystem or reagent failures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Processing Control (SPC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIFFERENCES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>revogeneTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAXTM</td></tr></table>

# I. STANDARDS/GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS REFERENCED:

CLSI Guideline EP25-A, Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline.

# J. TEST PRINCIPLE:

The GenePOC revogene™M automates and integrates nucleic acid extraction and amplification, and detection of the target sequence in complex samples using real-time PCR. A liquid or soft stool specimen is collected using a standard stool collection device. Using the DTL, a disposable $5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ inoculating loop dipped into the stool specimen, stool material is transferred into SBT. After vortexing, approximately $1 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of the inoculated sample buffer is transferred into the GenePOC microfluidic cartridge using the DTT. The loaded CDiff cartridge is placed into the revogenerm for further sample processing. No operator intervention is necessary once the clinical sample is loaded onto the revogene™m.

Each CDiff microfluidic cartridge (PIE) is a completely integrated and self-contained device. Each sample is sequentially transferred by centrifugation from one microfluidic chamber to the next and all reagents specific for the PCR reaction are incorporated and dried within the PCR wells. The stepwise process includes sample homogenization, specimen dilution and lysis of cells followed by the subsequent real-time PCR steps within 1 PCR well in the cartridge. An internal Process Control $( \mathrm { P r C } )$ is contained in the homogenization chamber and is therefore present in every test to verify critical steps of the analytical process (including sample homogenization, dilution, sample lysis, and nucleic acid amplification and detection) for the presence of potential inhibitory substances as well as system or reagent failures. The amplified products are detected in real time using target-specific TaqMan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ chemistrybased probes. The CDiff specific designed primers and probe detect a target region of 262 base pairs (bp) of the toxin B gene (tcdB) of Clostridium difficile. The results are computed by the system from measured fluorescent signals and embedded calculation algorithms. Results may be viewed, printed, transferred, and/or stored by the user.

# K. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS:

1. Analytical Performance

# a. Precision/Reproducibility

For the Reproducibility and Precision study, a total of 1,022 samples (383 low positive, 384 moderate positive, and 255 negative samples) were tested with the GenePOCTm CDiff assay. Single site and multi-site precision studies were conducted to determine Between-Laboratory Reproducibility, Between-Lot Reproducibility, and Within-Laboratory Precision. A five members panel comprised of 1 negative panel member and 4 negative stool samples spiked with either a low positive $( 2 , 4 3 8 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ and $2 , 9 2 5 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB) or a moderate positive $( 3 , 7 5 0 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ and $4 { , } 5 0 0 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ EP of SB) final concentration of C. difficile Toxinotype 0 (ATCC $4 3 2 5 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ ; ribotype 087) strain or with $C .$ difficile Toxinotype IIIb (ATCC BAA- $1 8 0 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ ;NAP1/ribotype 027) strain respectively. The negative panel member was prepared by using a pool of toxigenic $C .$ difficile negative stools.

For all factors evaluated and the different panel members tested, the variation of results is consistently below $7 . 5 4 \%$ $\% \mathrm { C V }$ values).

# Between-Laboratory Reproducibility:

The Between-Laboratory Reproducibility study was performed with one reagent lot on five days (consecutive or not) by two operators at three selected sites. Two runs were performed by each operator on each day. The overall agreement of assay results was $9 7 . 2 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 3 . 6 \ – 9 9 . 1 \% )$ for Low Positive (LP) samples (both toxigenic $C .$ difficile strains), $9 8 . 3 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 5 . 2 – 9 9 . 7 \% )$ for Moderate Positive (MP) samples (both toxigenic $C .$ difficile strains) and $100 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 7 . 5 – 1 0 0 \% )$ for True Negative (TN) samples.

GenePOCTM CDiff Assay Results and Percent Agreement for Between-Laboratory Reproducibility Qualitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayResults/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement(%)[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4[87.5%-98.2%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100[96.7%-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall AssayResults/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/60(95%)[86.1-99.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/60(96.7%)[88.5-99.6]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60(100%)[95.1-100]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175/180(97.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2[93.6%-99.1%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7[90.6%-99.3%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100[96.7%-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall AssayResults/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60(98.3%)[91.1-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60(98.3%)[91.1%-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60(98.3%)[91.1%-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177/180(98.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3[95.2%-99.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall AssayResults/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)[92.8-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)[92.8%-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)[92.8%-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100[97.5%-100%]</td></tr></table>

Results for the Ct Values Analysis of Between-Laboratory Reproducibility Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>C. difficile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt(CDiff)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ResidualError</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43255™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>PrC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt(PrC)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ResidualError</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09</td></tr></table>

# Between-Lot Reproducibility:

The Between-Lot Reproducibility study was performed at one site with three lots for a total of 15 days of testing (5 days per reagent lot) and two runs performed by each operator on each day. The overall agreement of assay results was $9 5 . 0 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI $= 9 0 . 7 \mathrm { - } 9 7 . 7 \% )$ for Low Positive (LP) samples (both toxigenic $C .$ difficile strains), $9 8 . 3 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 5 . 2 – 9 9 . 7 \% )$ for Moderate Positive (MP) samples (both toxigenic $C .$ difficile strains) and $100 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { ~ C I } = 9 7 . 5 – 1 0 0 \% )$ for True Negative (TN) samples.

GenePOCTM CDiff Assay Results and Percent Agreement for BetweenLot Reproducibility Qualitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit lot #1(L1906151)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit lot #2(L1906091)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit lot #3(L1906141)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayResults/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement(%)[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1[83.2%-96.1%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9[94.0%-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall AssayResults/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/60(95%)[86.1-99.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/60(93.3%)[83.8-98.2%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/60(96.7%)[88.5-99.6%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171/180(95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0[90.7%-97.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7[90.6%-99.3%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100[96.7%-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall AssayResults/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60(98.3%)[91.1-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60(100%)[95.1-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/60(96.7%)[88.5-99.6%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177/180(98.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3[95.2%-99.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall AssayResults/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)[92.8-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)[92.8-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40(100%)[92.8-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100[97.5%-100%]</td></tr></table>

Results for the Ct Values Analysis of Between-Lot Reproducibility Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>C. difficile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt(CDiff)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Da</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ResidualError</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43255™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>PrC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt(PrC)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ResidualError</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.71</td></tr></table>

# Within-Laboratory Precision:

The Within-Laboratory Precision of the assay was performed at one site and tested specimens with one reagent lot for a total of 12 days of testing with two runs performed by each operator on each day. The overall agreement of assay results was $9 4 . 4 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 8 9 . 3 – 9 7 . 6 \% )$ for Low Positive (LP) samples (both toxigenic $C .$ difficile strains), $9 6 . 5 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 2 . 1 { - } 9 8 . 9 \% )$ for Moderate Positive (MP) samples (both toxigenic $C .$ difficile strains) and $100 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \ \mathrm { C I } = 9 6 . 9 – 1 0 0 \% )$ for True Negative

# GenePOCTM CDiff Assay Results and Percent Agreement for Within-Laboratory Precision Qualitative Analysis

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Results/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement (%)[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9[79.3%-95.1%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100[95.9%-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Assay Results/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135/143(94.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4[89.3%-97.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43255TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8[88.3%-99.1%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1805TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2[90.3%-99.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Assay Results/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139/144(96.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5[92.1%-98.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Assay Results/Total(% Agreement)[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95/95(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100[96.9%-100%]</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

Not applicable.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (controls, calibrators, or methods) There are three types of controls for the GenePOCTM CDiff assay including an internal process control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ , positive external control (PEC) and negative external control (NEC). The $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ is provided in each GenePOCTM CDiff assay. The $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ is extracted, amplified, and detected along with each specimen tested and verifies the efficacy of the dilution, cell lysis, PCR amplification, and detection processes. For the PEC and NEC, GenePOC recommends using commercially available control materials (e.g., ATCC $4 3 2 5 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ ,a $C .$ difficile strain bearing the tcdB gene for PEC, and ATCC 43593, a nontoxigenic $C .$ difficile strain for NEC). It is recommended that the positive bacterial strain be freshly prepared in saline to a turbidity of 0.5 McFarland from isolated colonies and subsequently diluted $\%$ in saline before its addition into the SBT with the DTL. The negative strain could be prepared the same way while added directly to the SBT without the dilution step.

# d. Detection Limit

The LoD was established and confirmed in two separate studies. The confirmation of the LoD included three GenePOCTM CDiff reagent lots, six revogene™M instruments, and two operators. There were 4 runs per instrument per day, and the study was conducted over four days. Strain C. difficile ATCC $4 3 2 5 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ and strain C. difficile ATCC BAA- $1 8 0 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ EY were used in the study. The LoD was defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ or greater of all replicates tested positive. The LoD of the GenePOCTM CDiff assay was $1 { , } 5 0 0 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB for each strain.

# e. Analytical Inclusivity

The analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the GenePOCTM CDiff assay was evaluated by testing 20 strains of toxigenic C. difficile from various geographic origins representing eight different toxinotypes. Three lots of GenePOCTM CDiff assay kits were used for sample testing and $\mathrm { n } { = } 1$ sample/strain/reagent lot. All toxigenic $C .$ difficile strains tested were detected at $3 , 7 5 0 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ SB (2 - 3xLOD).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype, Toxin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype 0, A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC700792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype 0, A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC17858</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype0,$A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype0,,A+ B+$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC51695</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype +,B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype0,,A+,B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype0,$A+$,B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype A+,B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype0,A+ B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC17857</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype0,A+B+$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeVIII, A-, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG8864</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeX, A-, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeIIIb, NAP1, A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1812</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeXII, A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeIIIc, NAP1, A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeXXII, A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype0A+{}B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeV,A+ B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-2155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinotypeXXII, A+, B+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1873</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxinotype 0, A+, B+</td></tr></table>

# f. Analytical Specificity

A total of 58 various analytes (1 yeast, 6 viruses, 50 bacteria, and human DNA) found in clinical unformed stool specimens (different from toxigenic $C .$ difficile) were selected. These included:

Commensal and pathogenic microorganisms (bacteria, yeasts and viruses) from the intestinal tract;   
Species phylogenetically related to C. difficile;   
C. difficile non-pathogenic strains; and   
Human DNA.

Under the condition of the study, Clostridium sordellii was detected by the CDiff assay at approximately $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB for one replicate out of 3, but was found non-reactive at a load of $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB. Clostridium novyi and Clostridium scindens produced false positive reactions in 1 replicate out of 6 tested at approximately $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB. No reactivity was observed for three replicates tested at $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB. Enterococcus faecalis produced false positive reaction in one replicate out of three tested at approximately $\mathrm { \bar { 1 0 ^ { 7 } C F U / m L } }$ of SB. No reactivity was observed for three replicates tested at $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identification</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Bacteria (non-toxigenic C. difficile and other Clostridium species)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile(non-toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43593</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13124</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile(non-toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43601</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium scindens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35704</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium bifermentans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 638</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium septicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12464</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium butyricum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 860</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9714</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9650</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sporogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15579</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium novyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19402</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flavonifractor plautii(anc. design. Clostridiumorbiscindens)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49531</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria (potentially present in gastrointestinal tract)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcusanaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27337</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14029</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 7966</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonasasaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25260</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis subsp.faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15554</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25845</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14579</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33583</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25285</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9886</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33560</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35554</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni(anc. design. Campylobactercoli)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43479</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp.arizonae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13314</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp.enterica serovarCholeraesuis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 7001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15947</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp.enterica serovarTyphimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13048</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27592</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae subsp.cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens subsp.marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13880</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19433</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9207</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 11775</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-7792</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22391</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29930</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter pylori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureussubsp. aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33592</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8724</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14990</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4356</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcussp.(S.agalactiae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12973</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 7644</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17802</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Adenovirus 1 (DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1823D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-2018DQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-1734D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-3235SD (GII)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Herpesvirus 5(Cytomegalovirus) (DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC VR-538D</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Yeast</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">ATCC 10231</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Other Organisms</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human DNA</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Kit, TQMN control genomic DNA</td></tr></table>

# gInterference with Non-Target Organisms

The potentially inhibitory effect of 30 organisms, that may be present in the normal intestinal flora and which are not targeted by the test, was assessed using organisms selected from the cross-reactivity study. Each organism category (i.e., 27 bacteria, 1 yeast, 2 viruses) was represented with a special attention to include the most frequent causative agents of intestinal tract infections. Groups of 2 to 6 organisms were prepared in toxigenic $C .$ difficile-negative liquid stool matrix, and tested in duplicate in presence of either 3,750 CFU/mL of SB of the toxigenic $C .$ difficile ATCO $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $4 3 2 5 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ strain or $4 { , } 5 0 0 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB of the toxigenic C. difficile ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ BAA $1 8 0 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ strain, to assess their potential interference on detection of toxigenic $C .$ difficile or $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ Each organism within group was diluted to reach a load of $\mathrm { \dot { \geq } } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB for bacterium and yeast, and ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ copies/mL of SB for viruses.

None of the 30 organisms present at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB for bacteria and yeast and ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ copies/mL of SB for viruses interfered with detection of $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ and with the toxigenic $C .$ difficile ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ BAA- $1 8 0 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ strain. Two groups showed a potentially inhibitory effect on detection of the toxigenic $C .$ difficile strain ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $4 3 2 5 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ . Nevertheless, when each bacterium from these groups was tested individually at a load of ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/ mL of SB in presence of C. difficile strain ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $4 3 2 5 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ , none interfered.

# h. Interference with Exogenous and Endogenous Substances

Interference on the GenePOC™M CDiff assay was evaluated with 21 potentially interfering exogenous and endogenous substances in absence and in presence of $2 C .$ difficile strains ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $4 3 2 5 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ and ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ BAA- $1 8 0 5 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ tested at 2-3xLoD (3,750 CFU/mL of SB or $4 { , } 5 0 0 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB respectively) across 3 reagent lots.

$_ { \mathrm { N = 1 6 } }$ exogenous substances occasionally used or found in the intestinal tract were tested including: Nystatin, Personnelle Hydrocortisone cream, Preparation $\mathrm { H @ }$ Tums $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$

Stomaax $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ , Life BRANDTM Heavy Mineral Oil USP, Mesalazine, Trojan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ with spermicidal Lubricant Condoms, Pepto Bismol TM, Imodium $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Senokot $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Vancomycin, Metronidazole, Aleve $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ , EquateTM Flushable Moist Wipes, and Wet Ones $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ . Interference was observed with Tums and Stomaax $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ at concentrations of $> 0 . 5$ $\mathrm { m g / m L }$ of SB and $> 0 . 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L / m L }$ of SB respectively.

${ \mathrm { N } } { = } 5$ endogenous agents were tested including: Triglyceride Mix (C2-C10), Palmitic acid, Stearic acid, Whole blood, and Mucus. No interference was observed.

# i. Carry-Over and Cross Contamination Studies

The within-run and between-run carry-over and cross- contamination were assessed using positive samples prepared in a toxigenic C. difficile-negative liquid stool matrix to reach a final concentration of ${ > } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB of the toxigenic C. difficile ATCC $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 43255TM strain. True negative samples, prepared with the toxigenic C. difficile-negative liquid stool matrix only, were also tested.

For the within-run study, a total of 10 runs were performed by two operators with the CDiff assay on one revogene. Four (4) high positive samples and 4 negative samples were tested by alternating positive and negative samples in each run. For the between-run study, a run of 8 replicates of high positive samples followed by a run of 8 replicates of negative samples were performed by two operators, for a total of 10 runs on one revogene.

Absence of carry-over and cross-contamination was demonstrated.

# j. Sample Storage

Collected specimens should be stored between $2 ^ { \circ } C$ and $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ during transport.

Stool specimens can be stored at $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for up to 2 days, or at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 4 days.   
Inoculated SBT can be stored at $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 2 days, or at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 3 days.

Store the CDiff kit at $2 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ The expiration date is indicated on the box kit's label.

Do not open a pouch until ready to perform testing. Use the PIE within 1 hour after opening the pouch.

2. Comparison Studies a. Method Comparison with predicate device Not applicable

b. Matrix Comparison Not applicable.

# 3. Clinical Studies

GenePOC conducted a prospective multicenter trial at 7 geographically diverse clinical trial sites (US and Canada). Unformed (liquid or soft) stool specimens were collected from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection (CDI). Samples were tested with both the reference method (Combined Direct and Enriched Culture) and the GenePOCTM CDiff assay. The direct culture method consisted in the transfer of a swab of the stool specimen from Anaerobic Transport Medium to pre-reduced selective anaerobic media, a standard cycloserine cefoxitin and fructose agar plate (CCFA), followed by cytotoxicity testing on characterized C. difficile colonies isolated from stool. For the enriched culture method, the same swab that was utilized to inoculate the CCFA plate was used to inoculate a cycloserine cefoxitin mannitol broth with taurocholate and lysozyme (CCMB-TAL) tube. The enrichment broth was sub-cultured on another CCFA plate and followed the same procedure used for the direct method. A specimen was considered positive for toxigenic C. difficile if C. difficile was recovered from stool either by direct or enriched culture and if bacterial isolates tested positive by CCNA. If C. difficile was isolated from the direct culture and the isolate tested positive by cytotoxicity testing, the enrichment culture was not further analyzed. Specimens were classified as negative for toxigenic C. difficile only if they tested negative by both direct, and combined culture i.e. direct and enriched culture.

The sudy design consisted o testingfresh samples and prospectively teing retrospectively collected samples that were stored frozen.

The study population demographics are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Subjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N=2461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N=797</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N=1664</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Source of specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In-patient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1804 (73,3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>617 (77,4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1187 (71,3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Out-patient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420 (17,1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123 (15,4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297 (17,8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emergency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>234 (9,5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57 (7,2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177 (10,6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Missing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0,1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0,0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (0,2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Age Class</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (0,4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0,5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (0,3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 (4,3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 (3,8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 (4,5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1199 (48,7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399 (50,1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800 (48,1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1148 (46,6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364 (45,7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>784 (47,1%)</td></tr></table>

Two thousand four hundred and sixty-three (2,463) specimens were used to establish the performance of the GenePOC CDiff test by comparison with Combined Direct and Enriched Culture method. All 2,463 freshly collected specimens were tested in culture, 798 were tested with GenePOCTM CDiff assay as fresh specimens and a subset of 1,665 specimens were frozen before testing with the GenePOCTM CDiff assay.

Of the 798 fresh and 1,665 frozen eligible specimens that were compliant at the specimen and PCR level, 9 and 13 were respectively reported unresolved at initial testing ( $1 { , } 1 \%$ for the fresh specimens and $0 { , } 8 \%$ for the frozen specimens) and only one fresh specimen remained unresolved following repeat testing. The unresolved rate after repeat testing was $0 { , } 1 \%$ (1/798) for the fresh specimens and $0 { , } 0 \%$ (0/1665) for the frozen specimens.

Of the 798 fresh and 1,665 frozen eligible specimens that were compliant at the specimen and PCR level, 12 and 28 were respectively reported indeterminate at initial testing $1 { , } 5 \%$ for the fresh specimens and $1 , 7 \%$ for the frozen specimens) and only one frozen specimen remained indeterminate following repeat testing. The indeterminate rate after repeat testing was $0 { , } 0 \%$ (0/798) for the fresh specimen and $0 { , } 1 \%$ (1/1665) for the frozen specimens.

A total of 2,461 fully compliant fresh $\mathrm { ( n { = } 7 9 7 ) }$ and frozen $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 , 6 6 4 )$ samples were tested with both the reference method (Combined Direct and Enriched Culture) and the GenePOCTM CDiff assay. The GenePOCTM CDiff assay sensitivity and specificity obtained with the fresh stool specimens were $8 0 . 5 \%$ (91/113) and $9 7 . 1 \%$ (664/684), respectively. The GenePOCTM CDiff assay sensitivity and specificity obtained with the frozen stool specimens were $8 7 . 3 \%$ (192/220) and $9 7 . 3 \%$ (1,405/1,444) respectively. In addition, the GenePOCTM CDiff assay agreement with the Direct Culture method was $9 5 . 5 \%$ (63/66) for the PPA and $9 3 . 4 \%$ (683/731) for the NPA for the fresh stool specimens, whereas for the frozen stool specimens, $9 5 . 2 \%$ (160/168) for the PPA and $9 5 . 3 \%$ (1,425/1,496) for the NPA were obtained

Overall performance (all sites combined) with the GenePOCTM CDiff assay in comparison with the Direct Culture and Reference Method (Combined Direct and Enriched Culture) obtained with fresh specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Direct Culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference Method</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GenePOCTMCDiff test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>683</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>686</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>797</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>797</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>95.5% [87.3 - 99.1%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>93.4% [91.4 - 95.1%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>80.5% [72.0 - 87.4%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.1% [95.5 - 98.2%]</td></tr></table>

A Numbers between parentheses indicate exact binomial $9 5 \%$ CI. B Of the 20 specimens with false-positive GenePOC CDiff test results relative to the combined direct and enrichment culture 8 were positive and 4 were negative by a second NAAT method (Sites' Routine PCR Assay). Of the 22 specimens with false-negative GenePOC CDiff test results relative to the combined direct and enrichment culture 13 were negative and 4 were positive by a second NAAT method (Sites' Routine PCR Assay).

Overall performance (all sites combined) with the GenePOCTM CDiff assay in comparison with the Direct Culture and Reference Method (combined Direct and Enriched Culture) obtained with frozen specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Direct Culture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference Method</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GenePOCTMCDiff test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,433</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,664</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>95.2% [90.8 - 97.9%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>95.3% [94.1 - 96.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>87.3% [82.1 - 91.4%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.3%[96.3 - 98.1%]</td></tr></table>

A Numbers between parentheses indicate exact binomial $9 5 \%$ CI. BOhe 39 specimes with false-positive GenePCCDiff test results relativ to the combined direct and enrichment culture 17 were positive and 15 were negative by a second NAAT method (Sites' Routine PCR Assay).

cOf the 28 specimens with false-negative GenePOC CDiff test results relative to the combined direct and enrichment culture 14 were negative and 12 were positive by a second NAAT method (Sites' Routine PCR Assay).

# 4. Clinical Cut-off

Not applicable.

# L. CONCLUSION:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.