September 25, 2017

CEPHEID   
JIM KELLY   
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS   
904 CARIBBEAN DRIVE   
SUNNYVALE CA 94089

Re: K172126 Trade/Device Name: Xpert Xpress Strep A Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. nucleic-acid based assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PGX, OOI Dated: July 13, 2017 Received: July 14, 2017

Dear Dr. Kelly:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ribhi Shawar -S For

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Xpert Xpress Strep A

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay, performed on the GeneXpert Instrument Systems, is a rapid, qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, Strep A) in throat swab specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, CA 90489   
Phone number: (847) 228-3299 Fax number: (847) 890-6589 Jim Kelly, Ph.D.   
September 19, 2017

# Contact:

Date of Preparation:

Device:

Xpert® Xpress Strep A

Common name:

Real-time PCR assay for qualitative detection of Group A Streptococcus DNA in throat swab specimens.

Regulation number, Classification name, Product code:

21 CFR 862.2570, Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems, OOI

Microbiology (83)

Classification Advisory Panel Prescription Use Predicate Device Assay:

Yes

IQuum Roche Liat™ Strep A Assay [510(k) #K141338]

# Device Description:

The Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay is an automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes from throat swab specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis.

The Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems (GeneXpert Dx, GeneXpert Infinity-48s, and GeneXpert Infinity-80 systems). The GeneXpert Instrument System platform automates sample preparation, amplification and real-time detection.

The GeneXpert Instrument Systems require the use of single-use, disposable cartridges (the Xpert Xpress Strep A cartridges) that hold the PCR reagents and host the PCR process. Because the cartridges are self-contained and specimens never come into contact with working parts of the instrument modules, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

The Xpress Strep A Assay includes primers and probes for the simultaneous detection and differentiation of a targeted sequence of the S. pyogenes genome allowing detection of Strep A directly from throat swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are internal controls utilized by the GeneXpert Instrument System platform. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the target bacteria and to monitor for the presence of inhibitor(s) in the PCR assay to avoid false-negative results. The Probe Check Control verifies reagent rehydration, real-time PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability.

The single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridges are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time PCR for the detection of genomic DNA S. pyogenes in ${ \sim } 2 4$ minutes or less. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems, comprised of the GeneXpert Dx Systems and the GeneXpert Infinity Systems, have 1 to 80 randomly accessible modules, depending upon the instrument, that are each capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR and RT-PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary I-CORE® thermocycler for performing real-time PCR and RT-PCR and detection.

Throat swab specimens are collected using the ESwab collection device and transported to the GeneXpert area and prepared according to package insert instructions. After mixing the specimen, the liquid sample is transferred to the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay cartridge. The user initiates a test from the system user interface and places the cartridge into the GeneXpert instrument platform, which performs hands-off real-time, multiplex PCR for detection of DNA. The results are automatically generated at the end of the process in a report that can be viewed and printed.

# Device Intended Use:

The Xpert® Xpress Strep A Assay, performed on the GeneXpert Instrument Systems, is a rapid, qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus, Strep A) in throat swab specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis.

The Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay utilizes an automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to detect Streptococcus pyogenes DNA.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay is substantially equivalent to the Roche Liat Strep A Assay [510(k) # K141338]. The performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay was evaluated in a multi-site clinical study in which the performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay was determined relative to culture. The results of the study demonstrated that the performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device.

Table 8-1 shows the similarities and differences between the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay and the predicate device.

Table 8-1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Xpress StrepA Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IQuum Inc. (Roche) LiatStrep A Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K172126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K141338</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">866.2680</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PGX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert® Xpress Strep AAssay, performed on theGeneXpert InstrumentSystems, is a rapid, qualitativein vitro diagnostic test for thedetection of Streptococcuspyogenes (Group A β-hemolytic Streptococcus,Strep A) in throat swabspecimens from patients withsigns and symptoms ofpharyngitis.The Xpert Xpress Strep AAssay utilizes an automatedreal-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) to detectStreptococcus pyogenesDNA.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LiatTM Strep A Assay,performed on the LiatTMAnalyzer, is a qualitative invitro diagnostic test for thedetection of Streptococcuspyogenes (Group A β-hemolytic Streptococcus) inthroat swab specimens frompatients with signs andsymptoms of pharyngitis.The Liat™M Strep A Assayutilizes nucleic acidpurification and polymerasechain reaction (PCR)technology to detectStreptococcus pyogenes bytargeting a segment of theStreptococcus pyogenesgenome.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conserved sequence within thegenome of S. pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR for detecting the presence/ absence of bacterial DNA inclinical specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated nucleic acidextraction and purification</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Technique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different reporter dyes fortarget and Internal Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Xpress StrepA Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IQuum Inc. (Roche) LiatStrep A Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equipment Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® Dx,GeneXpert Infinity-48s, andGeneXpert Infinity-80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liat™M Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Early assaytermination function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes(for positive samples)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time-to-result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~24 minutes without earlyassay termination;~18 minutes with early assaytermination for positivesamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~15 minutes</td></tr></table>

The Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay has the same general intended use as the predicate device and has the same technological characteristics as the predicate device. The differences between the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay and the predicate device do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. The clinical study demonstrates that the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay is acceptable for its intended use with inexperienced lab users and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device described above.

# Non-Clinical Studies:

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

Studies were performed to determine the analytical sensitivity or Limit of Detection (LoD) of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay using the ESwab collection kit (Copan P/N 480CE or 480C referred to as the “ESwab”). The limit of detection is the lowest concentration of sample (reported as CFU/mL in ESwab transport medium or CFU/test) that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples $9 5 \%$ of the time, or the lowest concentration of organisms at which 19 of 20 replicates were positive. This study determined the lowest concentration of Streptococcus pyogenes cells diluted into pooled clinical throat swab matrix that can be detected using the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay.

The analytical sensitivity of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay was performed using two lots of reagents tested across three testing days with two Streptococcus pyogenes strains: ATCC BAA-946 and ATCC 19615.

The claimed LoD for each Strep A strain tested is summarized in Table 8-2.

Table 8-2: Strep A LoD and Confidence Intervals   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>emm type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/mL inESwabtransportmedium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/test)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

Twenty-four Streptococcus pyogenes strains were tested at 3X LoD using the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay in replicates of three. The strains tested included representative isolates of emm-types 1, 3, 4, 6, 11, 12,18, 22, 25, 27, 38, 75, 77, 89, 94, 95. The list of strains tested in ESwab medium containing simulated throat swab matrix is shown in Table 8-3. All 24 strains were correctly reported as Strep A DETECTED with the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay.

Table 8-3: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>emm type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 8370</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC700294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SF370</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D58X</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C203</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>J17A4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 8709</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MGAS 2096</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-1315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MGAS9429</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>J17C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC10403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC8135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC12370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC700497</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-SS-1147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC700499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-SS-1149</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-SS-1397</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M protein-deficient S.pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C203 S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>emm type not available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC A62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51339</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>emm type not available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1805</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 70 potentially cross-reactive microorganisms, including species that are phylogenetically related to Streptococcus pyogenes and members of the throat commensal microflora (e.g., other bacteria, viruses, and yeast). The 70 organisms tested were identified as either Gram-positive (27), Gram-negative (33), or Gram-indeterminate (3), yeast (1), and viruses (6). Streptococcus Group B, Streptococcus Group C, and Streptococcus Group G strains were also included in this study. All strains were tested in triplicate in ESwab transport medium containing simulated throat swab matrix at ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { \circ }$ 6 b $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacteria and yeast and $\geq 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for viruses. All three replicates of all 70 organisms were reported as Strep A NOT DETECTED by the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay (Table 8-4). The analytical specificity of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay was $100 \%$ .

Table 8-4: Analytical Specificity of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus, Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus, Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter rectus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus AD-169</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae type A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus parainfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella jordanis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella micdadei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis (two strains)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella lacunata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria lactamica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sicca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria subflava</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus micros</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella (Bacteroides) oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas fluorescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus constellatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus equi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gallolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponema denticola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A NOT DETECTED</td></tr></table>

# Microbial Interference

An interfering microorganism study was performed to assess the inhibitory effects of commensal microorganisms in throat swab samples on the performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay. Twenty-seven microorganisms were tested for potential interference with Strep A detection (Table 8-5). The microorganisms were tested at ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ in the presence of Strep A at 3X LoD concentration in ESwab medium containing simulated throat swab matrix. The results showed that the presence of the tested microorganisms did not interfere with the detection of Strep A target DNA.

Table 8-5: Commensal Microorganisms Tested   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae type A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria lactamicaa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus micros</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella (Bacteroides) oralis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus constellatus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus equi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gallolyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponema denticola</td></tr><tr><td>Veillonella parvula</td></tr></table>

a. Although all samples were reported appropriately as positive, reduced fluorescent signal was observed for the S. pyogenes target in the presence of high concentrations of N. lactamica.

# Potentially Interfering Substances Study

Ten potentially interfering substances that may be present in clinical throat specimens with the potential to interfere with the performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay were evaluated. The potentially interfering substances included blood, mucus, human saliva, sugar-containing cold and flu remedies, cough medicine, antiseptic, salt-modifying remedies, pH-modifying remedies, antacids, and foods or drinks that increase salivary viscosity. The substances, active ingredients, and concentrations tested are listed in Table 8-6. Medically and/or physiologically relevant concentrations of potential interferents were tested in simulated throat swab matrix in the presence and absence of Strep A at 3X LoD.

There was no assay interference in the presence of the substances at the concentrations tested in this study. All positive and negative samples were correctly identified using the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay.

Table 8-6: Potential Interfering Substances Tested   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance/Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description/Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% Human Saliva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bound sialic acid, 0.5-1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole human blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antiseptic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.092% Eucalyptol,0.042% menthol,0.060% methyl salicylate,0.064% thymol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5% (v/v)a.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cough Medicine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan HBr USP 10 mg,Guaifenesin USP 200 mg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sugar-containingcold and fluremedies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen 650 mg,Dextromethorphan HBr 20 mg,Doxylamine Succinate 12.5 mg,Phenylephrine HCl 10 mg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salt-modifyingremedies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride (0.65%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Foods/drinks thatincrease salivaryviscosity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Milk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH ModifyingRemedies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% Orange juice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antacids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aluminum Hydroxide 400 mg(equivalent to dried gel, USP)  antacid,Magnesium Hydroxide 400 mg  antacid,Simethicone 40 mg - antigas</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5% (v/v)</td></tr></table>

a. Although all samples were reported appropriately as positive or negative, reduced fluorescent signal for the S. pyogenes target was observed in the presence of antiseptic mouthwash at $6 . 5 \%$ v/v.

# Carry-Over Contamination

A study was conducted to demonstrate that single-use, self-contained GeneXpert cartridges prevent specimen and amplicon carry-over contamination from very high titer positive samples (S. pyogenes) into successively run negative samples when processed in the same GeneXpert module. The study consisted of a negative sample processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately after processing a very high titer positive sample at a concentration $\geq 1 \mathrm { X } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ in ESwab transport medium containing simulated throat swab matrix. The testing scheme was repeated 40 times between 2 GeneXpert instruments (one module per instrument) for a total of 41 runs per instrument (20 high positive samples per instrument and 21 negative samples per instrument). There was no evidence of any carry-over contamination. All 42 negative samples were correctly reported as Strep A NOT DETECTED. All 40 positive samples were correctly reported as Strep A DETECTED.

# Linearity

Not applicable, the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay is a qualitative assay.

Clinical Studies

# Clinical Performance

Clinical specimens were collected from two multi-center investigational studies using throat ESwab specimens (flocked swab in Liquid Amies medium) from patients presenting with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis. One study enrolled consented subjects from whom a second prospective throat swab specimen was collected following the collection of a standard of care (SOC) throat swab. Another study tested specimens from subjects for which leftover excess standard of care (SOC) throat swab specimens were available. Across the two studies, the Xpert Xpress Strep A assay was evaluated by 9 clinical sites from geographically diverse regions within the United States between December 2016 and March 2017.

Eight hundred and forty-four (844) specimens were initially enrolled in the two studies. Of these, 261 were excluded from the analysis of performance due to failure to comply with the inclusion criteria (19), reference culture procedural error (184), delay in reference culture inoculation (31), delay in shipment (26) or labeling error (1).

Among the 583 specimens included in the analysis of performance, 96.9 (565/583) were successful on the initial test and upon retest $9 9 . 0 \%$ (577/583) gave valid results.

The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV) of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay were established relative to culture and latex agglutination for Strep A typing. The overall performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep Assay from both studies combined is presented in Table 8-7. Results of the first study (second swab specimens) and the second study (SOC throat swab, i.e., first swab) are presented separately in Table 8-8. Discordant results between Xpert Xpress Strep A and culture were investigated using an alternative PCR/bidirectional sequencing assay and results, the results of which are footnoted in Table 8-7 and Table 8-8.

Table 8-7: Overall Performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay vs. Reference Method (First and Second Swab Data Combined)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Xpert XpressStrep A Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>439</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (95% CI: 97.3-100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>94.1%(95%CI: 91.5-95.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>84.1%(95%CI: 77.8-88.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (95% CI: 99.1-100.0)</td></tr></table>

a. Results from alternative PCR with bidirectional sequencing: 21 of 26 were Strep A Positive; 4 of 26 were Strep A Negative; 1 of 26 samples was not tested. b. On initial testing, 18/583 specimens $( 3 . 1 \% )$ produced indeterminate results; 16/18 were retested, of which 12 produced valid results that were included in the analysis of performance for a final indeterminate rate of 6/583 $( 0 . 9 \% )$

Table 8-8: Performance of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay vs. Reference Method (Data for First and Second Swab)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>First Swaba</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Second Swabb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(94.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244/253c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4%(93.4-98.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169/186d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9%(85.9-94.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244/244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169/169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(97.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65/74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%(78.5-93.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1%(71.8-87.9)</td></tr></table>

a. On initial testing, 9/321 specimens $( 2 . 8 \% )$ produced indeterminate results; 7/9 were retested, of which 6 produced valid results that were included in the analysis of performance for a final indeterminate rate of 3/321 $( 0 . 9 \% )$ b. On initial testing, 9/262 specimens $( 3 . 4 \% )$ produced indeterminate results; all 9 were retested, of which 6 produced valid results that were included in the analysis of performance for a final indeterminate rate of 3/262 $( 1 . 1 \% )$ c. Results from alternative PCR with bidirectional sequencing: 7 of 9 were Strep A Positive; 1 of 9 was Strep A Negative; 1 of 9 samples was not sequenced. d. Results from alternative PCR with bidirectional sequencing: 14 of 17 were Strep A Positive; 3 of 17 were Strep A Negative.

# Reproducibility Study

A three member reproducibility panel with varying concentrations of Streptococcus pyogenes was tested 4 times per day on six different days by two different operators at three sites (3 specimens x 4 times/day ${ \textbf { \em X } } 6$ days $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators x 3 sites). Three lots of Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay cartridges were used, with each representing two days of testing. The samples were prepared in simulated throat swab matrix at the different concentration levels and are presented in Table 8-9. When the study was initially performed, there was an unexpectedly high rate of indeterminate results $( 4 7 / 4 3 2 =$ $1 0 . 8 \% )$ , although no false positive or false negative results were observed. Upon retest of the indeterminate samples, the indeterminate rate was reduced to $2 . 8 \%$ (12/432). Despite the high indeterminate rate, the analytical performance of the assay was acceptable in the initial reproducibility study; the percent concordance met the acceptance criteria for the negative, Strep A low positive, and Strep A moderate positive samples at $100 \%$ (144/144), $100 \%$ (138/138), and $100 \%$ (138/138), respectively. Following an investigation, the study was repeated with fresh panels and different lots of reagents. Results of the repeat reproducibility study are summarized in Table 8-10 by site/operator.

Table 8-9: Reproducibility Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-946 (Streptococcus pyogenes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (~1X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-946 (Streptococcus pyogenes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (~3X LoD)</td></tr></table>

Table 8-10: Summary of Reproducibility Results: $\%$ Agreement by Study Site/Operator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreement bySample </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%(142/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr></table>

a. Eleven (11) indeterminate results were obtained over the course of the repeat study for an initial indeterminate rate of $2 . 5 \%$ (11/432). In all cases, the expected results were obtained upon retesting

The reproducibility of the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay was also evaluated in terms of the fluorescence signal expressed in Ct values for each target detected. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, between-lots, betweendays, between-operators and within-assay for each panel member are presented in Table 8-11.

Table 8-11: Summary of Reproducibility Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AssayChannel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N^a</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr></table>

a. Results with non-zero Ct values out of 144.

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Xpress Strep A Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.