BacterioScan, Inc.   
$\%$ Fran White   
President   
MDC Associates, LLC.   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

Re: K172412 Trade/Device Name: BacterioScan 216Dx System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2560 Regulation Name: Microbial growth monitor Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: QBQ Dated: August 7, 2017 Received: August 10, 2017

Dear Fran White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M. Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name BacterioScan™ 216Dx™ System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BacterioScan 216Dx System is a semi-automated, in vitro diagnostic system (consisting of an instrument, software, and disposable Multicuvettes) that analyzes light scattering to measure any bacterial growth directly from urine sample incubated in trypticase soy broth. The BacterioScan 216Dx is for qualitative determination (presumptive positive or presumptive negative) of bacteriuria at a density of $\ge 5 \mathrm { x } 1 0 4 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . The BacterioScan 216Dx results are intended for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings to aid in the diagnosis of Urinary Tract Infections (UTIs).

The 216Dx System is not intended to provide bacteriuria levels, bacterial identification, or differentiation. The system does not distinguish between growth of infecting, colonizing or contaminating bacteria, or if mixed urogenital flora are present. Presumptive positive urine samples must be cultured. Presumptive negative urine samples must be cultured if a low level of bacteriuria is suspected and is clinically relevant. The system also does not detect anaerobic bacteria, fungi/ yeasts, fastidious organisms or those associated with sterile pyuria.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Date of Summary

April 24, 2018

# Product Name

BacterioScan™ 216Dx™ System

# Sponsor

BacterioScan, Inc. 4041 Forest Park Avenue St. Louis, MO 63108

# Correspondent

MDC Associates, LLC Fran White, President 180 Cabot Street Beverly, MA 01915 Phone: (978) 705 5011 Fax: (800) 498 9121 Email: fran@mdcassoc.com

# Device Trade or Proprietary Name

BacterioScan™ 216Dx™ System

Common Name Microbial Growth Monitor System

Product Classification 866.2560 Microbial growth monitor

# Classification

Class 1 Product code: QBQ

# Substantial Equivalency

Table 1. Comparison Of New Device With Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BacterioScan™ 216Dx™ Laser MicrobialGrowth Monitor System(New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BACTEC™ 9240 SystemK915796(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BacterioScan 216Dx System is a semi-automated, in vitro diagnostic system(consisting of an instrument, software, anddisposable Multicuvettes) that analyzes lightscattering to measure any bacterial growthdirectly from urine sample incubated intrypticase soy broth. The BacterioScan216Dx is for qualitative determination(presumptive positive or presumptivenegative) of bacteriuria at a density of≥5x104 CFU/mL. The BacterioScan 216Dxresults are intended for use in conjunctionwith other clinical and laboratory findings to</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BACTEC 9240 System (Instrument,Aerobic and Anaerobic F Culture Vials) isintended for the detection of aerobic andanaerobic microorganisms (bacteria andfungi) in clinical cultures of blood using afluorescence -based detection system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aid in the diagnosis of Urinary TractInfections (UTIs).The 216Dx System is not intended toprovide bacteriuria levels, bacterialidentification, or differentiation. Thesystem does not distinguish betweengrowth of infecting, colonizing orcontaminating bacteria, or if mixedurogenital flora are present. Presumptivepositive urine samples must be cultured.Presumptive negative urine samples mustbe cultured if a low level of bacteriuria issuspected and is clinically relevant. Thesystem also does not detect anaerobicbacteria, fungi/yeasts, fastidious organismsor those associated with sterile pyuria.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Growth Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Continuous monitoring of bacterial growthover a period of time in liquid mediumduring incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualitativeOutput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presumptive Positive/Presumptive Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laser light scattering analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence analysis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleProcessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360 µL urine and 2.5 mL trypticase soy broth(TSB) contained in one Multicuvette well</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 - 7 mL blood and 40 mL enrichedsoybean-casein digest broth with CO2contained in one culture vial</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 3 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 5 - 7 days for negatives; positivering/signal at any time</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The BacterioScan 216Dx System is a semi-automated, in vitro diagnostic system (consisting of an instrument, software, and disposable Multicuvettes) that analyzes light scattering to measure any bacterial growth directly from urine sample incubated in trypticase soy broth. The BacterioScan 216Dx is for qualitative determination (presumptive positive or presumptive negative) of bacteriuria at a density of $\geq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . The BacterioScan 216Dx results are intended for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings to aid in the diagnosis of Urinary Tract Infections (UTIs).

The 216Dx System is not intended to provide bacteriuria levels, bacterial identification, or differentiation. The system does not distinguish between growth of infecting, colonizing or contaminating bacteria, or if mixed urogenital flora are present. Presumptive positive urine samples must be cultured. Presumptive negative urine samples must be cultured if a low level of bacteriuria is suspected and is clinically relevant. The system also does not detect anaerobic bacteria, fungi/yeasts, fastidious organisms or those associated with sterile pyuria.

# Results Interpretation

A “Presumptive Positive” result indicates that bacteriuria may be present in the sample at a density of $\geq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ . Samples reported as Presumptive Positive must be cultured for bacteriuria levels, mixed flora evaluation, organism isolation/identification, and antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

A “Presumptive Negative” result may indicate either one of the following:

a. No bacteriuria is in the sample,   
b. Bacteriuria is present at densities below $5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ , or   
c. Mixed urogenital flora contaminants (or other organisms not commonly associated with UTI) may be present in the sample, but not detected by the BacterioScan 216Dx.

Samples classified as Presumptive Negative by the 216Dx must be cultured if bacteriuria at densities of $< 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ is suspected and considered clinically relevant. Other laboratory information and clinical symptoms must be considered for final determination of bacteriuria.

# Methodology

The BacterioScan 216Dx System uses laser light scattering to measure turbidity (particle density) of a prepared urine-broth sample during a period of incubation. The system is designed to kinetically capture digital measurements of sample turbidity at very low particle densities. Classification software analyzes these optical signal measurements, and interprets increasing turbidity as bacterial growth. Samples with robust growth during the second half of the test cycle, and/or high turbidity, are reported as “Presumptive Positive” for bacteriuria and/or UTI. Low turbidity samples that do not exhibit growth are classified as “Presumptive Negative”.

The user logs into the 216Dx interface and is prompted to associate a patient sample ID with a Multicuvette serial number and well location. The user will then pipette the prepared liquid samples into a Multicuvette. Once the Multicuvette is filled, it is loaded into a 216Dx Instrument. The Multicuvette is then incubated for approximately three (3) hours. During the instrument run, the 216Dx appliance will analyze optical measurements to provide a qualitative determination of the presence or absence of viable bacteria in urine specimens at a cut-off of ${ \geq } 5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m } |$ . The Classification algorithm qualitatively assesses a result by analyzing periodic measurements taken throughout this incubation period.

# Performance Data

# Limit of Detection

A limit of detection (LoD) study was conducted to determine the estimated analytical sensitivity (the lowest organism density detected with an approximate accuracy of $2 9 5 \%$ ). For each species of common (10) or rare (7) UTI pathogens, two (2) strains were spiked into fresh, culture-negative human urine. For the initial LoD estimation for each strain, bacteria were spiked into urine, serially diluted to four (4) density levels at approximate clinical cutoff and tested in quadruplicate to determine the approximate LoD. Each strain was then tested in replicates of twenty (20) at the approximated density. LoD was confirmed when density level performance demonstrated $2 9 5 \%$ or ${ \tt 2 1 9 } / { 2 0 }$ (Presumptive Positive). Some variation is noted by strain; the final LoD was determined and is reported as the higher of the values. The data demonstrate that the 216Dx has a LoD for most common and rare UTI pathogens that is approximately equivalent to the clinical cut-off of $1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ .

The LoD in $\mathsf { C F U / m L }$ was confirmed by $100 \%$ (20/20) positivity for the following UTI pathogens. The common pathogens with LoD in parenthesis were: E. coli $( 4 . 4 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } )$ , Proteus mirabilis $( 8 . 7 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } )$ , Enterobacter cloacae $( 6 . 6 7 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } )$ , Staphylococcus aureus $\scriptstyle ( 1 . 1 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } )$ , Klebsiella pneumoniae $( 1 . 3 7 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } )$ , Enterococcus faecalis $\left( 2 . 3 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \right)$ , and Enterococcus faecium $( 4 . 3 7 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } )$ . The rare UTI pathogens were: Acinetobacter baumannii $\phantom { - } ( 1 . 6 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } )$ , Citrobacter freundii/koseri $( 2 . 8 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } )$ , Morganella morganii $\left( 4 . 2 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \right)$ , Actinobaculum schaalii $( 2 . 8 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } )$ ), and Corynebacterium striatum $( 4 . 0 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } )$ ).

There were UTI pathogens noted to have a LoD that was higher than the clinical cut-off ${ \left( 1 0 ^ { 4 } \right. }$ $\mathsf { C F U / m L }$ and are noted in the Limitation of product performance. They were: Pseudomonas aeruginosa $( 4 . 8 7 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } )$ , Staphylococcus saprophyticus $( 2 . 2 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } )$ , Streptococcus agalactiae $( 1 . 4 2 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } )$ , Aerococcus spp. $( 1 . 7 7 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } )$ , and Corynebacterium urealyticum $( 2 . 6 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } )$ .

# Linearity and Dynamic Range

Three (3) Gram-negative and three (3) Gram-positive common UTI pathogens were spiked into negative human urine and serially diluted to approximate clinical cut-off and tested in quadruplicate to assess the linearity and dynamic range of the 216Dx system. Unspiked, culture-negative urine was also assessed. Results confirm that the dynamic range of detection for each Gram-negative and Gram-positive strain tested spans the range of the clinical cut-off. Most of these results demonstrate that the system’s reporting algorithm generates the expected result of Presumptive Positive/Presumptive Negative for multiple UTI pathogens. The following organisms were evaluated and the density level in $C F U / \mathsf { m L }$ at which $100 \%$ (4/4) samples were positive is indicated in parenthesis: E. coli $( 2 . 3 7 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } )$ , $\boldsymbol { { \kappa } } .$ . pneumoniae $( 1 . 7 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } )$ , E. faecalis $( 7 . 3 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } )$ , S. aureus $\left( 2 . 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } \right)$ ), P. mirabilis $\left( 3 . 6 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \right)$ , and E. faecium $( 4 . 0 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } )$ . E. faecium is noted in the Limitation of product performance. Unspiked urine was $100 \%$ negative $( 4 / 4 )$ .

# Reproducibility

This study was designed to demonstrate the reproducibility of the 216Dx detection of density levels of UTI-associated pathogens present in human urine. Representative strains of a Gram-negative (E. coli) and a Gram-positive (E. faecalis) were spiked into fresh, culturenegative human urine to achieve target densities at three (3) levels: “Low” (<10,000 $\mathsf { C F U / m L }$ , “Moderate” $( { \sim } 1 0 , 0 0 0 { \sf C F U / m L } )$ and “High” (>10,000 CFU/mL). Unspiked human urine was used as a negative sample. All samples were blinded and randomized prior to testing and fresh specimens were prepared each day for testing. Each reproducibility panel was tested by three (3) individual sites, with two (2) instruments per site and by two (2) operators in quadruplicate for six (6) non-consecutive days.

A summary of results is presented in Tables 2-7. Performance for High and Moderate densities was $29 5 \%$ reproducible across sites and between operators. Specifically, performance ranged from $9 1 . 7 – 1 0 0 \%$ across six (6) operators, from $9 4 . 8 – 1 0 0 \%$ across sites, and from $9 1 . 7 – 1 0 0 \%$ across the six (6) days of testing. Negative samples demonstrated performance of $9 6 . 5 \%$ .

Table 2: Reproducibility Performance by Operator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Isolate</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Density level(CFU/mL range)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6># of positive samples (% of total)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>TotalPositive/Total Tested</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>% Positive(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High(1.37x105-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate(1.20x104-3.70x104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.92%(94.05%, 99.29%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low(1.87x10³-4.00x10³)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (83.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (79.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (79.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (79.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.81%(80.31%, 91.39%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All levels(1.87x10³-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 (94.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 (93.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63 (87.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408/432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.44%(91.87%, 96.24%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High + Moderate Only(1.20x104-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 (97.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.26%(96.00%, 99.26%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High(2.13x105-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate(2.27x104-4.50x104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low(2.37x10³-4.93x10³)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (20.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (16.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (41.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (29.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.56%(23.62%, 38.50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All levels(2.37x10³-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 (73.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52 (72.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58 (80.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 (83.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 (75.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 (70.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328/432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.93%(71.68%, 79.72%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High + Moderate Only(2.27x104-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(96.48%, 99.46%)</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Negative Control Reproducibility Performance by Operator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Density level(CFU/mL range)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6># of positive samples</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>TotalNegative/Total Tested</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>% Negative(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unspikedurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;5x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.53%(92.13%, 98.51%)</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Reproducibility Performance by Site   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Isolate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Density level(CFU/mL range)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3># of positive samples (% of total)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalPositive/Total Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Positive(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High(1.37x105-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate(1.20x104-3.70x104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 (93.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.92%(94.05%, 99.29%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low(1.87x103-4.00x10³3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 (81.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (79.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.81%(80.31%, 91.39%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All levels(1.87x10³-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135 (93.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129 (89.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408/432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.44%(91.87%, 96.24%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High + Moderate Only(1.20x104-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91 (94.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.26%(96.00%, 99.26%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High(2.13x105-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate(2.27x104-4.50x104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low(2.37x103-4.93x10³)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (18.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (45.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (27.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.56%(23.62%, 38.50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All levels(2.37x10³-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 (72.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118 (81.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 (72.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328/432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.93%(71.68%, 79.72%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High + Moderate Only(2.27x104-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(96.48%, 99.46%)</td></tr></table>

Table 5: Negative Control Reproducibility Performance by Site   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Density level(CFU/mL range)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3># of positive samples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalNegative/Total Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Negative(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unspikedurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;5x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.53%(92.13%, 98.51%)</td></tr></table>

Table 6: Reproducibility Performance by Day   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Isolate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Density level(CFU/mL range)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6># of positive samples (% of total)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalPositive/Total Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Positive(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High(1.37x105-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate(1.20x104-3.70x104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.92%(94.05%, 99.29%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low(1.87x103-4.00x10³)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 (87.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 (87.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (75.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (79.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.81%(80.31%, 91.39%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All levels(1.87x10³-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 (90.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 (98.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71 (98.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 (95.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 (90.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 (93.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408/432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.44%(91.87%, 96.24%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High + Moderate Only(1.20x104-5.03x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 (97.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.26%(96.00%, 99.26%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High(2.13x105-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate(2.27x104-4.50x104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(95.08%, 99.62%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low(2.37x103-4.93x10³)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (16.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (20.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (29.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 (54.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (12.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.56%(23.62%, 38.50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All levels(2.37x10³-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (66.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 (73.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 (76.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 (84.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 (70.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328/432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.93%(71.68%, 79.72%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High + Moderate Only(2.27x104-3.37x105)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 (91.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.61%(96.48%, 99.46%)</td></tr></table>

Table 7: Negative Control Reproducibility Performance by Day   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Density level(CFU/mL range)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6># of positive samples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalNegative/Total Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Negative(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unspikedurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;5x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.53%(92.13%, 98.51%)</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Inclusivity

To demonstrate analytical inclusivity, multiple strains of each common and rare UTI pathogen were tested on the 216Dx. All strains were spiked into fresh, culture-negative human urine, serially diluted to a bacteriuria/density of approximately 2-3X LoD for each individual organism to be tested. All samples were evaluated in quadruplicate. There were ten (10) common and seven (7) rare uropathogens comprising of eighty five (85) and eighteen (18) strains respectively tested in the inclusivity study. The common uropathogens tested were Escherichia coli (10), Klebsiella pneumoniae (9), Enterobacter spp. (8), Pseudomonas aeruginosa (9), Proteus mirabilis (9), Enterococcus faecalis (8), Enterococcus faecium (5), Staphylococcus aureus (9), Staphylococcus saprophyticus (9), and Streptococcus agalactiae(9); the positivity rate was $9 8 . 8 \%$ (336/340). The rare uropathogens tested were Acinetobacter baumannii (3), Actinobaculum schaalii(1), Aerococcus spp. (3), Citrobacter spp. (5), Corynebacterium striatum (1), Corynebacterium urealyticum (1), and Morganella morganii (4); the positivity rate was $100 \%$ (72/72). The unspiked urine was $100 \%$ negative (8/8).

# Interfering Substances/Microbial Interference

This study was conducted to evaluate 216Dx performance in the presence of (a) potentially interfering endogenous or exogenous substances that may be found in urine, or (b) various organisms present in urine that are not expected to grow under the standard conditions used for urine culture and/or in the BacterioScan system. Representative strains of four (4) Gram-negative and three (3) Gram-positive UTI pathogens at 2-3 X LoD density level were spiked into fresh, culture-negative human urine that had first been spiked with an interfering substance/microorganism. A corresponding unspiked urine control was included for each interfering substance/organism. There were a total of nineteen (19) interfering substances (albumin, glucose, phenazopyridine, seminal fluid, acidic urine, alkaline urine, talcum powder, blood, bilirubin, acetaminophen, ibuprofen, mucin, human Chorionic Gonadotrophin (hCG), testosterone, cortisol, progesterone, leukocytes, fluconazole, and flucytosine) and three (3) interfering organisms (H. influenzae, H. parainfluenzae, and N. gonorrhoeae) evaluated in the study. To confirm that the 216Dx could detect each organism at the densities tested, corresponding urine samples lacking each interfering substance/microorganism were processed in parallel and evaluated in the 216Dx concurrently. All samples were evaluated in replicates of four (4).

The results indicate that the majority of potential substances that may be found in human urine do not interfere with the $2 1 6 \mathsf { D } \mathsf { x } ^ { \prime } \mathsf { s }$ performance. The following substances were noted to interfere with performance when present in high concentrations: Phenazopyridine $( > 2 0 0$ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathsf { m L } )$ , blood $( > 0 . 0 1 5 6 \% )$ , bilirubin $( > 2 0 \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$ , mucin $( > 0 . 0 3 9 \% , \lor / \lor )$ , and leukocytes $( > 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { c e l l s } / \mathsf { m L } )$ ; talcum powder $( 0 . 4 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ and $H .$ . parainfluenzae $( 1 . 1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ demonstrated interference (i.e. false positivity), and acidic urine $( \mathsf { p H } 6 . 0 )$ may interfere with the positivity of Enterobacter cloacae at density levels of $\leq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } ~ \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ . Further, the study showed that there were instances in which S. aureus did not give positive results at density level of $1 0 ^ { 3 } C F U / \mathrm { m L }$ . These interfering substances are noted in the limitation section of the labeling defining potential interference. Potential sources of interference have been specified in the Limitations section (see BacterioScan 216Dx Package Insert).

# Method Comparison

A comparison study was conducted at three (3) geographically diverse sites, each testing approximately 1,000 urine samples received in the laboratory for routine urine culture. Samples were tested in accordance to BacterioScan instructions for use. Each urine was diluted to a 1:8 into TSB $3 6 0 \mu \iota$ of urine with $2 . 5 \mathsf { m l }$ TSB). Controls were run each day of testing on each instrument used.

Reference cultures were performed simultaneously with 216Dx testing. Reference testing was performed using 1- and $1 0 \mu \iota$ loops. Using each loop, colony count plates were performed in triplicate, and a median result was generated for each loop size. Median colony count was determined to be the reference result and were compared to the 216Dx result. Any colony counts at or above $5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \thinspace { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ are considered a positive result for primary analysis and a secondary analysis specific to UTI pathogens (UTI-Associated) was also performed. Organisms isolated from reference colony counts of $\geq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ were identified by MALDI.

The detection algorithm used by the BacterioScan 216Dx was designed to classify urine specimens containing UTI associated bacteria at a density of $\geq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \ C F \cup / \mathrm { m L }$ . Samples measured and containing bacteriuria/total density of $\geq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ organisms is reported by the BacterioScan 216Dx to be “Presumptive Positive.” Data were analyzed based on reference colony counts of ${ \geq } 5 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ or $\ge 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ and identification of isolated organisms by MALDI. In the secondary analysis, the common UTI pathogens (UTI Associated) encountered were: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, Proteus mirabilis, Enterobacter cloacae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Aerococcus urinae, Streptococcus agalactiae, and Staphylococcus aureus; the rare uropathogens encountered were Enterobacter aerogenes, Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, Acinetobacter baumannii, Morganella morganii, Aerococcus sanguinicola, Corynebacterium striatum, and Staphylococcus saprophyticus.

The results of this comparative study demonstrate the performance of the 216Dx in detecting bacteria in urine with an emphasis on UTI-associated pathogens at densities $\geq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Performance was also evaluated at bacterial densities $\ge 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ as a subpopulation. Of the 3,153 urine samples enrolled, there were a total of 3,052 evaluable specimens for primary analysis of bacteriuria. For the secondary analysis, the evaluable specimens were 3,010 for $\geq 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ but 3,020 for ${ \geq } 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ CFU/mL because the identity of some organisms was not obtained in the reference culture at the defined cut-off of $\ge 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ . Performance at these levels demonstrates a substantial equivalence to the reference method in detecting bacteria in urine with an emphasis on UTI associated organisms at a clinically significant density of $\ge 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ . Further analyses of the study data demonstrate that the BacterioScan 216Dx performance is substantially equivalent regarding patient gender. Analysis by study site can be found in Tables 10-12, patient gender (Tables 13, 14), and the urine specimens collected with (preserved) or without (unpreserved) preservatives prior to analysis (Tables 15-18).

All BacterioScan 216Dx results are presumptive.

Table 8   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Overall Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>714</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1264</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1732</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1746</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>801</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>89.1% (714/801)95% CI: 86.8%; 91.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.7% (592/606)95% CI: 96.2%; 98.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>74.4% (1675/2251)95% CI: 72.6%; 76.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>72.0 (1732/2404)95% CI: 70.2%; 73.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>55.3% (714/1290)95% CI: 52.6%; 58.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>46.8% (592/1264)95% CI: 44.1%; 49.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95.1% (1675/1762)95% CI: 93.9%; 96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.2% (1732/1746)95% CI: 98.7%; 99.5%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 9   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Performance for Subpopulation of ≥1x105 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>709</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1268</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1722</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1745</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1752</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3020</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>93.6% (581/621)95% CI: 91.3%; 95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.6% (501/508)95% CI: 97.2%; 99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>70.8% (1722/2431)95% CI: 69.0%; 72.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>69.5% (1745/2512)95% CI: 67.6%; 71.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>45.0% (581/1290)95% CI: 42.3%; 47.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>39.5% (501/1268)95% CI: 36.9%; 42.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>97.7% (1722/1762)95% CI: 95% CI: 96.9%; 98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.6% (1745/1752)95% CI: 99.2%; 99.8%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 10   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Site 1 Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>470</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>464</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>524</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>531</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>736</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>769</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>94.9% (258/272)95% CI: 91.5%; 96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.1% (226/228)95% CI: 96.9%; 99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>71.2% (524/736)95% CI: 67.8%; 74.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>69.1% (531/769)95% CI: 65.7%; 72.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>54.9% (258/470)95% CI: 50.4%; 59.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>48.7% (226/464)95% CI: 44.2%; 53.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>97.4% (524/538)95% CI: 95.7%; 98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.6% (531/533)95% CI: 98.6%; 99.9%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 11   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Site 2 Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>691</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>681</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>685</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>817</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>872</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>83.3% (180/216)95% CI: 77.8%; 87.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.2% (139/143)95% CI: 93.0%; 98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>80.2% (655/817)95% CI: 77.3%; 82.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>78.1% (681/872)95% CI: 75.2%; 80.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>52.6% (180/342)95% CI: 47.3%; 57.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>42.1% (139/330)95% CI: 36.9%; 47.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>94.8% (655/691)95% CI: 92.9%; 96.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.4% (681/685)95% CI: 98.5%; 99.8%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 12   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Site 3 Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>470</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>528</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>88.2% (276/313)95% CI: 84.1%; 91.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96.6% (227/235)95% CI: 93.4%; 98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>71.1% (496/698)95% CI: 67.6%; 74.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>68.2% (520/763)95% CI: 64.8%; 71.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>57.7% (276/4783)95% CI: 53.3%; 62.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>48.3% (227/470)95% CI: 43.8%; 52.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>93.1% (496/533)95% CI: 90.6%; 94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.5% (520/528)95% CI: 97.0%; 99.2%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 13   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL (Male)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>273</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>580</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>583</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>856</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95.6% (127/133)95% CI: 90.5%; 97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.1% (101/104)95% CI: 91.9%; 99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>78.9% (577/731)95% CI: 75.8%; 81.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>77.1% (580/752)95% CI: 74.0%; 80.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>45.2% (127/281)95% CI: 39.5%; 51.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>37.0% (101/273)95% CI: 31.5%; 42.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>99.0% (577/583)95% CI: 97.8%; 99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.5% (580/583)95% CI: 98.5%; 99.8%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 14   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL (Female)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>587</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1163</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>668</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1652</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>87.9% (587/668)95% CI: 85.2%; 90.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.8% (491/502)95% CI: 96.1%; 98.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>72.2% (1094/1520)95% CI: 69.9%; 74.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>69.7% (1152/1652)95% CI: 67.5%; 71.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>58.2% (587/1009)95% CI: 55.1%; 61.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>49.5% (491/991)95% CI: 46.4%; 52.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>93.1% (1094/1179)95% CI: 91.5%; 94.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.1% (1152/1163)95% CI: 98.3%; 99.5%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 15   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Overall Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL (Unpreserved Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>469</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>566</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>608</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>709</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>81.9% (131/160)95% CI: 75.2%; 87.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96.0% (97/101)95% CI: 90.3%; 98.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>78.8% (446/566)95% CI: 75.2%; 82.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>76.5% (465/608)95% CI: 72.9%; 79.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>52.2% (131/251)95% CI: 46.0%; 58.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>40.4% (97/240)95% CI: 34.4%; 46.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>93.9% (446/475)95% CI: 91.4%; 95.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.15% (465/469)95% CI: 97.8%; 99.7%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 16   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Performance for Subpopulation of ≥1x105 CFU/mL (Unpreserved Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>469</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>711</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>88.3% (106/120)95% CI: 81.4%; 92.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.5% (78/80)95% Cl: 91.3%; 99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>76.1% (461/606)95% CI: 72.5%; 79.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>74.3% (469/631)95% CI: 70.8%; 77.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>42.2% (106/251)95% CI: 36.3%; 48.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>32.5% (78/240)95% CI: 26.9%; 38.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>97.1% (461/475)95% CI: 95.1%; 98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.6% (469/471)95% CI: 98.5%; 99.9%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 17   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Overall Performance for Bacterial Density of ≥5x104 CFU/mL (Preserved Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>583</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>529</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1024</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1277</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>641</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1685</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1796</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2301</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>91.0% (583/641)95% CI: 88.5%; 92.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.0% (495/505)95% CI: 96.4%; 98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>72.9% (1229/1685)95% CI: 70.8%; 75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>70.5% (1267/1796)95% CI: 68.4%; 72.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>56.1% (583/1039)95% CI: 53.1%; 59.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>48.3% (495/1024)95% CI: 45.3%; 51.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95.5% (1229/1287)95% CI: 94.2%; 96.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.2% (1267/1277)95% CI: 98.6%; 99.6%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

Table 18   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Performance for Subpopulation of ≥1x105 CFU/mL (Preserved Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Primary Analysis:Bacteriuria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Secondary Analysis:UTI Associated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BacterioScan216Dx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>564</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>423</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>605</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1281</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1825</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1881</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2309</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>94.8% (475/501)95% CI: 92.5%; 96.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.8% (423/428)95% CI: 97.3%; 99.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>69.1% (1261/1825)95% CI: 66.9%; 71.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>67.8% (1276/1881)95% CI: 65.7%; 69.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>45.7% (475/1039)95% CI: 42.7%; 48.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>41.1% (423/1028)95% CI: 38.2%; 44.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>98.0% (1261/1287)95% CI: 97.1%; 98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.6% (1276/1281)95% CI: 99.1%; 99.8%</td></tr></table>

Limited to bacterial pathogens encountered in the clinical studies

The BacterioScan 216Dx detects bacteria in urine, with improved performance specific to organisms associated with UTI, and reduces turn-around-time from 24 hours to approximately three (3) hours, delivering a faster time to result for the majority of UTI specimens.

# Statement of Safety and Effectiveness

The data presented demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the BacterioScan 216Dx System as compared to the reference method when the product Instructions for Use are followed.