December 21, 2017

Quidel Corporation   
Ronald Lollar   
Sr. Director, Clinical, Regulatory, Scientific Affairs   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701

Re: K173250 Trade/Device Name: Solana GBS Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: NJR Dated: October 5, 2017 Received: October 10, 2017

Dear Ronald Lollar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k173250

Device Name Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ GBS Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ GBS assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for detection of Group B Streptococcus in either LIM or Carrot enrichment broth cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs from antepartum women following 18 to 24 hours of incubation. The Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ GBS Assay utilizes helicase-dependent amplification (HDA) of the Thiolase (atoB) gene sequence. The Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ GBS Assay is intended for use only with the Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Instrument.

The Solana $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ GBS Assay does not provide susceptibility results. Culture isolates are needed for performing susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant:

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# Contact Information:

Ronald H. Lollar, Senior Director Clinical and Regulatory Affairs   
2005 East State Street, Suite 100   
Athens, Ohio 45701   
740-589-3300 – Corporate number   
740-589-3373 – Desk phone   
858-552-6451– Fax   
Ron.Lollar@quidel.com

# Date of preparation of 510(k) summary:

December 04, 2017

A. 510(k) Number: K173250   
B. Purpose for Submission: To obtain substantial equivalence for the Solana® GBS Assay when performed on the Solana® instrument   
C. Measurand: Thiolase (atoB) gene   
D. Type of Test: Helicase-Dependent Amplification (HDA)

# E. Applicant:

Quidel Corporation

F. Proprietary and Established Names: Solana® GBS Assay

# G. Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 1.       Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NJR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3740 Streptococcusspp. serological reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology(83)</td></tr></table>

# H. Intended Use:

1. Intended Use(s):

The Solana® GBS assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for detection of Group B Streptococcus in either LIM or Carrot enrichment broth cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs from antepartum women following 18 to 24 hours of incubation.

The Solana® GBS Assay utilizes helicase-dependent amplification (HDA) of the Thiolase (atoB) gene sequence. The Solana® GBS Assay is intended for use only with the Solana® Instrument.

The Solana® GBS Assay does not provide susceptibility results. Culture isolates are needed for performing susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

2. Indication(s) for Use: Same as Intended Use.

3. Special conditions for use statement(s):

For in vitro diagnostic use only For prescription use only

# 4. Special instrument requirements:

Solana® Instrument

# I. Device Description:

The Solana GBS Assay amplifies and detects GBS DNA isolated from enrichment broth cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs from antepartum women following 18 to 24 hours of incubation.

The assay consists of two (2) major steps: 1) specimen preparation, and 2) amplification and detection of target sequence specific to GBS using isothermal Helicase-Dependent Amplification (HDA) in the presence of target-specific fluorescence probe.

Patient specimen is transferred to a Process Buffer tube, subjected to heat treatment at 95 $\pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ for 5 minutes and mixed. The processed sample is transferred to a Reaction Tube and mixed. The Reaction Tube contains lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes. Once rehydrated with the processed sample, the Reaction Tube is placed in Solana for amplification and detection of specific target sequences. In Solana, the GBS target sequence is amplified by GBS specific primers and detected by a GBS specific fluorescence probe included in the Reaction Tube. A competitive process control (PRC) is included in the Process Tube to monitor sample processing, for the presence of inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent or device failure. The PRC target is amplified by specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore (FAM or ROX, respectively) on the other end. In addition, the target and PRC probes carry a ribonucleic acid. Upon annealing to GBS or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence probes are cleaved by RNaseH2 and the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana will then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results using the attached printer.

# Materials Provided:

Solana® GBS Assay Kit: M311 48 Tests per kit

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 2.    Kit Components</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit 1.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 tubes/kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2C to 8</td></tr></table>

# Materials required but not provided:

External controls for GBS (e.g. Quidel Molecular GBS Control Set, which contains positive and negative controls, serves as an external processing and extraction control)  Sterile DNase-free filter-blocked positive displacement micropipettor tips  Micropipettor  Stopwatch or timer  Scissors or a blade  Workflow tray  Transfer Rack  Heat block capable of $9 5 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ temperature  Thermometer  Solana instrument  Enrichment broth culture (e.g. Lim, Carrot)

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): AmpliVue® GBS Assay

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K133503

3. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td>Table 3. Similarities</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Solana GBS Assay</td><td>AmpliVue GBS Assay (k133503)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The Solana® GBS assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for detection of Group B Streptococcus in either LIM or Carrot enrichment broth cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs from antepartum women following 18 to 24 hours of incubation. The Solana® GBS Assay utilizes helicase-dependent amplification (HDA) of the Thiolase (atoB) gene sequence. The Solana® GBS Assay is intended for use only with the Solana® Instrument. The Solana® GBS Assay does not provide susceptibility results. Culture isolates are needed for performing susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.</td><td>The AmpliVue® GBS Assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the rapid detection of Group B Streptococcus from vaginal/rectal swabs from antepartum women following 18 to 24 hours of incubation in an LIM enrichment broth culture. The AmpliVue® GBS Assay utilizes helicase-dependent amplification (HDA) of the Thiolase (atoB) gene sequence and a self- contained disposable amplification detection device that allows for manual evaluation of assay results. Results can be used as an aid in determining the colonization status of antepartum women. The AmpliVue® GBS Assay does not provide susceptibility results. Culture isolates are needed for performing susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women. The AmpliVue® GBS Assay is</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Types</td><td>Enriched broth cultures of</td><td>intended for use in hospital, reference or state laboratory settings. The device is not intended for point-of-care use.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Vaginal/Rectal swab specimens</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Extraction DNA Amplification</td><td>Manual Helicase-dependent amplification (HDA)</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Technology</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 3.        Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solana GBS Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpliVue® GBS Assay (k133503)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target SequenceDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiolase (atoB) gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 4.        Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana GBS Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AmpliVue GBS Assay (k133503)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample TypeEnrichment Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIM Broth, Carrot Broth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lim Broth</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionTechnique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 to 42 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 to 90 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (95%CI: 98.0 - 100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5% (95% CI: 96.9-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% (95%CI: 94.0 to 97.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7% (95% CI: 90.5-94.3%)</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: Statistical Guidance on Reporting Results from Studies Evaluating Diagnostic Tests (Final, 3/13/2007)   
http://www.fda.gov/downloads/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceD ocuments/ucm071287.pdf Guidance on Informed Consent for In Vitro Diagnostic Device Studies Leftover Human Specimens that are Not Individually Identifiable (April 2006) –   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/oivd/guidance/1588.pdf. Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - eCopy Program for Medical Device (December 2012)   
http://www.fda.gov/downloads/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceD ocuments/UCM313794.pdf

# L. Test Principle:

The Solana GBS Assay amplifies and detects GBS DNA isolated from enrichment broth cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs from antepartum women following 18 to 24 hours of incubation.

The assay consists of two (2) major steps: 1) specimen preparation, and 2) amplification and detection of target sequence specific to GBS using isothermal Helicase-Dependent Amplification (HDA) in the presence of target-specific fluorescence probe.

Patient specimen is transferred to a Process Buffer tube, subjected to heat treatment at $9 5 \pm$ $2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 5 minutes and mixed. The processed sample is transferred to a Reaction Tube and mixed. The Reaction Tube contains lyophilized HDA reagents, dNTPs, primers and probes. Once rehydrated with the processed sample, the Reaction Tube is placed in Solana for amplification and detection of specific target sequences. In Solana, the GBS target sequence is amplified by GBS specific primers and detected by GBS specific fluorescence probe included in the Reaction Tube. A competitive process control (PRC) is included in the Process Tube to monitor sample processing, for the presence of inhibitory substances in clinical samples, reagent or device failure. The PRC target is amplified by specific primers and detected by a PRC specific fluorescence probe.

The target and PRC probes are labeled with a quencher on one end and a fluorophore (FAM or ROX, respectively) on the other end. In addition, the target and PRC probes carry a ribonucleic acid. Upon annealing to GBS or PRC amplicons, the fluorescence probes are cleaved by RNaseH2 and the fluorescence signal increases due to physical separation of fluorophore from quencher. Solana measures and interprets the fluorescent signal, using on-board method-specific algorithms. Solana will then report the test results to the user on its display screen, and it can print out the results using the attached printer.

# M. Performance Characteristics:

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

A four-sample panel consisting of three levels of contrived positive samples and a negative contrived sample were tested in this study. Streptococcus agalactiae strains SS617 or SS618 were diluted in negative Lim broth enriched vaginal/rectal matrix to 3x LOD $( 2 . 4 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ and $2 . 1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ respectively) for moderate positive, 1x LOD $( 8 . 0 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \thinspace \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ and $7 . 1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ respectively) for low positive and diluted to C20 to C80 for high negative / low positive $( 8 . 0 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \thinspace { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ and $7 . 1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ respectively). Negative matrix without spiked organism was used for the negative sample. The Solana GBS Assay was used per the instructions for use.

Panels and controls were tested at each site by two operators per instrument for five days, each sample tested in three (3) replicates, for a total of 90 results per level (2 operators x 5 days x 3 sites x 3 replicates).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Table 5.        Reproducibility Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>SITE</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Overall PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ExpectedResult/#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ExpectedResult/#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ExpectedResult/#tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ExpectedResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS strain SS617High Negative 1(8.0x10³ CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.3 to 71.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS strain SS617Low Positive(8.0x105 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS strain SS617Moderate Positive(2.4x106 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS strain SS618High Negative(2.63x104 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2 to 43.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS strain SS618Low Positive(7.1x10³ CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS strain SS617Moderate Positive(2.1x106 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to 100</td></tr></table>

1 The Expected Result for High Negative samples was Negative

The results suggest that there are no significant differences between different users and different sites on different days. Reproducibility studies are acceptable.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not applicable – This assay is qualitative.   
c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): Traceability: Not applicable. This assay is qualitative. Specimen Stability:

The stability of vaginal/rectal swab culture matrix prior to addition to Process Buffer was evaluated. Testing was performed with Lim and Carrot broth vaginal/rectal swab culture matrix using one (1) strain of GBS cells at near the LOD target level (strain BAA-611, $1 . 1 8 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ . Enrichment cultures were shown to be stable for up to 48 hours at $2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ to $2 5 \%$ or 7 days at $2 \%$ to ${ } ^ { 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ prior to processing.

# Controls:

• The process control is used to monitor sample processing, to detect HDA inhibitory specimens, to confirm the integrity of assay reagents and the operation of the Solana instrument. The process control is included in the Process Buffer tube.

External Controls (Quidel Molecular GBS Control Set), were run on the Solana® GBS Assay each day of testing during the analytical and clinical studies. These controls are described as follows:

• The external positive control may be treated as a patient specimen. The control should be sampled and tested as if it were a patient specimen and processed as described above in the Assay Procedure. The external positive control is intended to monitor substantial reagent and instrument failure.

The external negative control may be treated as a patient specimen. The control should be sampled and tested as if it were a patient specimen and processed as described above in the Assay Procedure. The external negative control is used to detect reagent or environmental contamination (or carryover) by GBS DNA or amplicon.

It is recommended that the reactivity of each new lot and each new shipment of the Solana GBS Assay be verified on receipt and before use. External control tests should be performed thereafter in accordance with appropriate federal, state and local guidelines. The Solana GBS assay should not be used in patient testing if the external controls do not produce the correct results.

# d. Detection limit:

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LOD) of the Solana GBS assay was determined using genomic GBS DNA and quantified (CFU/mL) cultures of six Streptococcus agalactiae strains (ATCC BAA-611, SS617, SS618, SS619, ATCC 12403, and SS700) serially diluted in a negative LIM Broth enriched vaginal/rectal matrix.

The LOD of the Solana GBS assay was furthered confirmed using frozen GBS cells in Negative Carrot Broth enriched vaginal/rectal matrix.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Table 6.       LOD Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Target Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Determined LOD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copies/Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFU/Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GBS Genomic DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>GBS Cells</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>FreshlyGrown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4x103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9x103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7x103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS619</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8x103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6x106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3x103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SS700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2x103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6x106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3x103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carrot Broth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6x106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3x103</td></tr></table>

e. Analytical specificity:

Cross Reactivity:

A study was performed to determine if ninety-seven (97) microorganisms or viruses (eighty-two (82) bacteria, three yeast (3), eleven (11) viruses and a parasite (1)) potentially found in vaginal/rectal samples cross-react with the Solana® GBS Assay. The same ninety-seven (97) microorganisms were used to determine if they interfered with one GBS strain (ATCC 12403) at $_ { 2 \times }$ LOD $\mathrm { 7 } 5 . 2 \mathrm { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ in the Solana® GBS Assay The potentially cross-reactive or interfering microorganisms were tested at or above clinically relevant levels (bacteria $\geq 1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ , viruses the $\geq$ $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C } | \mathrm { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ .

Human genomic DNA was also evaluated for cross-reactivity and interference.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 7.       Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila (2strains)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica entericaSerovar Typhimurium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica indica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumanii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherischia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalisfaecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherischia fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus subtilis (2 strains)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group C Strep</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis (2strains)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter pylori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacteriumadolescentis (2 strains)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphyloccocus aureus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter fetus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacterhyointestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni (2strains)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptoccocus mutans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptoccocus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium bifermentans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium butyricum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gordonii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium haemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcusanaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium novyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pleisiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium orbiscindens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonasasaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium septicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus suis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus uberis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sporogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ureaplasma urealyticum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas fluorescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella choleraesius(typhimurium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica arizonae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

1 Tested at ${ 1 0 ^ { 6 } }$ Inclusion Forming Units/mL

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Table 8. Yeast</td></tr><tr><td>Candida albicans</td><td>Candida glabrata</td><td>Candida parapsilosis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 9.        Viruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPV-16 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackie virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV1 (Macintyre)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VZV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV2 (G)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

1 Tested using a transformed cell line at 1 x 105 copies/mL

<table><tr><td>Table 10.</td><td>Parasite</td></tr><tr><td>Trichomonas vaginalis 1</td><td></td></tr></table>

1 Tested at ${ 1 0 ^ { 6 } }$ trichomonads/mL

None of the organisms or viruses tested above cross-reacted or interfered with the performance of the Solana GBS Assay.

Human genomic DNA did not cross-react or interfere with the performance of the Solana GBS Assay.

# Interference:

The performance of Solana GBS Assay was evaluated with thirty-four (34) potentially interfering substances that may be present in vaginal/rectal specimens. The substances were tested in GBS negative Lim broth enriched vaginal/rectal matrix in the presence or absence of GBS cells (strain ATCC 12403) at 2x LOD $( 5 . 2 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ in the Solana GBS Assay.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Table 11.       Interfering Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentrationin ContrivedSample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestConcentration inContrivedSample</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortizone 10 (Hydrocortisone)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desitin (Zinc Oxide)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prilosec(EsomeprazoleMagnesiumHydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fecal Fat-Stearic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">520 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation H (Phenylephrine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tagamet(Cimetidine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tums (Calcium Carbonate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MiconazoleNitrate Salt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mylanta (AI(OH)3, MG(OH)3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 μg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nystatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 USP U/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fleet Mineral Oil Enema</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fecal Sugar-Dextrose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gynol II Vaginal Contraceptive(Nonoxynol-9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human SerumAlbumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imodium AD (Loperamide HCI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triclosan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pepto Bismol (Bismuthsubsalicylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 μg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemorrhoidalcream (TargetBrand Cream)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tucks personalcleaning pads (Witch hazel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KY Jelly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzalkonium ChlorideTowelettes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0024% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Petroleum Jelly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Body Powder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meconium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fecal Fat- Palmitic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baby Powder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amniotic Fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barium Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% SwabAmount/μL</td></tr></table>

No false positive results or interference was seen with any of the thirty-four (34) potentially interfering substances that were tested.

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity):

The reactivity of the Solana GBS Assay was evaluated against an additional fourteen (14) strains of Streptococcus agalactiae with different serotypes or that were not typed, in addition to GBS strains BAA-611, SS617, SS618, SS619, ATCC 12403, and SS700 used in the LOD study. The testing was performed at 1X LOD $( 2 . 6 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ level of the assay. All additional fourteen (14) strains were detected in the Solana GBS Assay. The serotypes of these GBS strains are listed in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 12.       GBS Strains at 1x LOD (2.6x106CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG28551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG29785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CNCTC 6609</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VII</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-2668</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not typed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC7077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not typed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 4768</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not typed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not typed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC9925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not typed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 55194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not typed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 55191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not typed</td></tr></table>

f. Assay cut-off: Not applicable.

2. Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: Not applicable

b. Matrix comparison: Not applicable

3. Clinical studies: a. Clinical Sensitivity:

Performance characteristics of the Solana GBS Assay were established during a prospective study conducted from July 2017 to September 2017. Seven hundred fifty-three (753) specimens used for this study were collected from antepartum women between 35 to 37 weeks gestation at four distinct geographical sites across the United States. The age range for these women was between 15 to 44 years old. Specimens were inoculated into either LIM or Carrot broth (403 and 350 specimens, respectively) and incubated for 18 to 24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . Post-incubation specimens were tested by both the Solana GBS Assay and bacterial culture. One (1) specimen $( 0 . 2 \% )$ was invalid in the Solana GBS Assay when initially tested and upon repeat testing. This specimen has been removed from additional analysis. Table 13 below is for the remaining seven hundred fifty-two (752) specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Table 13.       Sensitivity/Specificity of the Solana GBS Assay for GBS Compared to BacterialCulture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Broth Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(95.8 to 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9(93.0 to 97.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carrot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(96.2 to 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0(92.9 to 97.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>544</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(98.0 to 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9(94.0 to 97.3)</td></tr></table>

\* Nineteen (19) of twenty-three (23) Solana GBS Assay Positive/Bacterial Culture Negative specimens were positive by an additional FDA-cleared molecular test.

Prevalence based on culture $= 2 4 . 6 \%$ (185/752) Prevalence based on Solana® GBS Assay = 27.7% (208/752)

b. Clinical specificity: See Section 3a.

c. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not applicable

4. Clinical cut-off: Not applicable

# 5. Expected values:

Clinical performance of the Solana GBS assay with Lim and Carrot enrichment broths was established during a prospective study conducted from July 2017 to September 2017. Seven hundred fifty-three (753) specimens collected from antepartum women between 35 to 37 weeks’ gestation at four distinct geographical sites across the United States, were tested. One (1) specimen $( 0 . 2 \% )$ was invalid in the Solana GBS Assay when initially tested and upon repeat testing. This specimen has been removed from additional analysis. The age range for these women was between 15 to 44 years old. The percentage of positive cases as determined by the Solana GBS assay during the study was $2 7 . 7 \%$ (208/752).

# N. Other Supportive Instrument Performance Characteristics Data Not Covered In The “Performance Characteristics” Section above:

Instrument: Solana® Instrument

# O. System Descriptions:

# 2. Software:

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and software development processes for this line of product types:

Yes X No

# P. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10 and 21 CFR 801.109.

# Q. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.