# 'FCSVBSZ

Quidel Corporation   
Jennifer Rial   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130

Re: K173691 Trade/Device Name: Sofia Lyme FIA, Sofia 2 analyzer, Sofia 2 Installation Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3830 Regulation Name: Treponema pallidum treponemal test reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LSR Dated: November 29, 2017 Received: December 1, 2017

Dear Jennifer Rial:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kristian M. Roth -S

'PS

Uwe Scherf, M.S., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K173691

Device Name Sofia Lyme FIA

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Sofia Lyme FIA employs immunofluorescence for the rapid differential detection of human IgM and IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi from serum and plasma specimens from patients suspected of B. burgdorferi infection. This qualitative test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of Lyme disease. A negative result does not preclude infection with B. burgdorferi. All positive results for IgM and/or IgG should be further tested by a corresponding second-tier western blot assay. Test results are to be used in conjunction with information obtained from the patient’s clinical evaluation and other diagnostic procedures.

The Sofia Lyme FIA may be used with Sofia or Sofia 2.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5. 510(K) SUMMARY

# 5.1. Submitter

Quidel Corporation   
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200   
San Diego, California 92130   
Telephone: 858-552-7910   
Fax: 858-646-8045

# 5.2. Submission Contact

Jennifer S. Rial

# 5.3. Date Prepared

November 29, 2017

# 5.4. Proprietary and Established Names

Sofia Lyme FIA

# 5.5. Common Name

Lyme IgG and Lyme IgM test

# 5.6. Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3830</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology andMicrobiology Devices</td></tr></table>

# 5.7. Predicate Device

Vidas Lyme IgG and Vidas Lyme IgM

# 5.8. Device Description

The Sofia Lyme FIA is an immunofluorescence-based, lateral flow assay for detection of IgM and/or IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi in patient specimens. Reagents for the assay are ready-to-use and provided in the kit.

The assay uses a bidirectional test strip format to detect both IgM and IgG antibodies to $B$ . burgdorferi. One side of the test strip detects IgM antibodies to B. burgdorferi and the other side of the test strip detects IgG antibodies to B. burgdorferi.

To perform the test, a patient serum or plasma specimen is obtained and added to a pre-filled vial containing the lyme running buffer. The diluted sample is then pipetted into the round sample port in the center of the Test Cassette.

The Test Cassette is loaded into Sofia 2 in either the READ NOW Mode or WALK AWAY Mode. In READ NOW Mode, the user allows the cassette to develop on the countertop for 10 minutes. In WALK AWAY Mode, the user immediately after adding the specimen to the cassette, the cassette is inserted into Sofia 2. Sofia 2 will analyze the test strip at 3, 5, 8, and 10 minutes until both IgM and IgG positive results are received. This feature allows for earlier read times.

Each Sofia Lyme FIA kit will contain one Positive and one Negative Control—each provided in separate dropper bottles. The Positive QC control is formulated with patient Lyme IgM and IgG positive plasma diluted into 1X PBS, and $0 . 3 \%$ Microcide is added to the solution as an antimicrobial. The Negative QC control is formulated with patient negative serum diluted into 1X PBS and $0 . 3 \%$ Microcide is added to the solution as an antimicrobial. External Controls will be tested by adding 2 drops to the test cassette.

# 5.9. Intended Use

The Sofia Lyme FIA employs immunofluorescence for the rapid differential detection of human IgM and IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi from serum and plasma specimens from patients suspected of $B$ . burgdorferi infection. This qualitative test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of Lyme disease. A negative result does not preclude infection with $B .$ . burgdorferi. All positive results for IgM and/or IgG should be further tested by a corresponding second-tier western blot assay. Test results are to be used in conjunction with information obtained from the patient’s clinical evaluation and other diagnostic procedures.

The Sofia Lyme FIA may be used with Sofia or Sofia 2.

# 5.10. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate Device Name: Vidas Lyme IgM and Vidas Lyme IgG

2. Predicate 510(k) Numbers: K122979 and K122986

# Comparison with Predicate

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate IgM Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate IgG Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Lyme FIA withSofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux Vidas LymeIgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux Vidas LymeIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Lyme FIAemploysimmunofluorescencefor the rapiddifferential detectionof human IgM andIgG antibodies toBorrelia burgdorferifrom serum andplasma specimensfrom patientssuspected of B.burgdorferi infection.This qualitative test isintended for use as anaid in the diagnosis ofLyme disease. Anegative result doesnot preclude infectionwith B. burgdorferi.All positive results forIgM and/or IgGshould be furthertested by acorresponding second-tier western blotassay. Test results areto be used inconjunction withinformation obtainedfrom the patient'sclinical evaluation andother diagnosticprocedures.The Sofia Lyme FIAmay be used with Sofiaor Sofia 2.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VIDAS Lyme IgMassay is an automatedqualitative enzymeimmunoassay intended foruse on the instruments of theVIDAS family in thepresumptive detection ofhuman IgG antibodies toBorrelia burdorferi inhuman serum or plasma. Itshould be used to testpatients with a historyand/or symptoms ofinfection with B.burgdorferi. All VIDASLyme IgG positivespecimens should be furthertested with a Western BlotIgG assay to obtainsupportive evidence ofinfection with B.burgdorferi.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VIDAS Lyme IgGassay is an automatedqualitative enzymeimmunoassay intended foruse on the instruments of theVIDAS family in thepresumptive detection ofhuman IgG antibodies toBorrelia burdorferi inhuman serum or plasma. Itshould be used to testpatients with a historyand/or symptoms ofinfection with B.burgdorferi. All VIDASLyme IgG positivespecimens should be furthertested with a Western BlotIgG assay to obtainsupportive evidence ofinfection with B.burgdorferi.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia 2 (and Sofia)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIDAS and miniVIDAS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIDAS and miniVIDAS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SofiaLymeFIAwithSofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BiomerieuxVidas LymeIgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BiomerieuxVidas LymeIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgM and IgGantibodies against B.burgdorferi proteins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgM antibodiesagainst B. burgdorferiproteins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgG antibodiesagainst B. burgdorferiproteins</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomatedAnalysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read results on instrumentscreen or print withoptional printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result report is printed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result report is printed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read ResultTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia 2 - Potential for earlyread in Walk-Away Modewith Sofia 2. Sofia 2 willimage cassette at 3, 5, 8,and 10 minutes until bothIgM and IgG positiveresults are received.Sofia - 10 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunofluorescenceDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral-flow Bi-directionalTest Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-linked fluorescentassay (ELFA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-linked fluorescentassay (ELFA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AntibodiesUsed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal anti-humanIgG and polyclonal anti-human IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-human IgM antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-human IgG antibodies</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigens Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant Proteins andsynthetic peptides of B.burgdorferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant proteins of B.burgdorferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant proteins of B.burgdorferi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polystyrene microparticlesdyed with Europiumchelate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase/4-MUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase/4-MUP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room Temperature (15-30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RunningBufferSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One pre-filled vialcontaining PBS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample diluent and washuffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample diluent and washuffer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Lyme FIAwithSofia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux VidasLymeIgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biomerieux VidasLymeIgG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControlFeatures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in features include:• Built-in proceduralcontrol zone scannedby the analyzer todetermine whetheradequate flowoccurred on the IgGside of the assay.Built-in referencecontrol line scannedby the analyzer todetermine whetheradequate flowoccurred on the IgMside of the assay.Analyzer preventsused or expiredcartridge from beingread by the reader•  Cassette must beproperly inserted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• One positive and onenegative control areincluded and must betested after opening anew kit to monitorreagent failure.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• One positive and onenegative control areincluded and must betested after opening anew kit to monitorreagent failure.</td></tr></table>

# 5.11. Performance Data

Additional studies were performed to document the performance characteristics of Sofia Lyme FIA with the Sofia 2 analyzer. The studies included the following:

# a. Various Analytical Studies

Analytical studies included Limit of Detection, Sofia and Sofia 2 Comparison, Matrix Comparison, Early Read, System Temperature (Read Now vs. Walk Away). All studies demonstrated good performance.

# b. Precision

This study evaluated the within laboratory precision / repeatability of the Sofia Lyme FIA and the Sofia 2 analyzer. The total precision results for IgM and IgG were not significantly different within-run, within-day, between day and total when tested with the negative (C0), high negative (C5), low positive (C95) and moderate positive (2-3X LOD) samples.

# c. Specificity Study

This study evaluated the analytical specificity of the Sofia Lyme FIA on Sofia 2 using samples obtained from asymptomatic (healthy, normal) populations in both endemic and non-endemic regions. The overall specificity of the Sofia Lyme FIA was very good.

# d. Method Comparison

This study demonstrated that Sofia Lyme FIA with Sofia 2 has comparable performance to the Vidas Lyme IgG and Vidas Lyme IgM tests when testing prospectively collected specimens from subjects suspected of having Lyme disease.

# e. Reproducibility

This study demonstrated intra- and inter-laboratory reproducibility with a panel of test samples at various concentrations of IgM and IgG antibodies to $B .$ . burgdorferi. The operators and laboratories obtained accurate results with the Sofia Lyme FIA on Sofia 2.

# 5.12. Conclusion

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the Sofia Lyme FIA with Sofia 2 to the Vidas Lyme IgG and Vidas Lyme IgM tests. Such studies are a critical element in establishing the fundamental safety and effectiveness of the product and its appropriateness for commercial distribution.