DiaSorin Molecular LLC Sharon Young Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630

Re: K173798 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa HSV 1 & 2 Direct, Simplexa HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3309 Regulation Name: Herpes Virus Nucleic Acid-Based Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Lesion Panel Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PGI Dated: December 12, 2017 Received: December 14, 2017

Dear Sharon Young:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S GPS

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct MOL2150 and Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack MOL2160

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct MOL2150   
The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay is intended for use on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MDX instrument for the qualitative detection and differentiation of herpes simplex virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2) DNA present in mucocutaneous and cutaneous lesion swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of HSV-1 or HSV-2 infection. This test is an aid in the differential diagnosis of HSV-1 and HSV-2 infections. The assay is not intended for use as a screening test for the presence of HSV-1 and HSV-2 in blood or blood products.   
The assay is for professional use only. Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack MOL2160   
The Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct kit.   
This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant

DiaSorin Molecular LLC. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No. Contact Person

2023365

Sharon Young   
tel 562.240.6680   
fax 562.240.6529   
Sharon.Young@DiaSorin.com

Summary Date Proprietary Name

March 9, 2018

Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct MOL2150 and Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2   
Positive Control Pack MOL2160   
HSV 1 & 2 nucleic acid

# Generic Name

Classification Regulation Product Code Regulation Number Regulation name

866.3309 Herpes Virus (VZV, HSV1, HSV2), DNA Detection Assay for Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Lesion Samples Lyra® Direct HSV 1 $^ +$ 2/VZV Assay K133448

Predicate Devices

# Intended Use

Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct

The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay is intended for use on the LIAISON® MDX instrument for the qualitative detection and differentiation of herpes simplex virus (HSV-1 and HSV-2) DNA present in mucocutaneous and cutaneous lesion swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of HSV-1 or HSV-2 infection. This test is an aid in the differential diagnosis of HSV-1 and HSV-2 infections.

The assay is not intended for use as a screening test for the presence of HSV-1 and HSV-2 in blood or blood products. The assay is for professional use only.

Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack   
The Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct kit.

This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# Device Description

The Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay system is a real-time PCR that enables the direct amplification, detection and differentiation of HSV-1 and/or HSV-2 DNA from unprocessed cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab specimens without nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay, the LIAISON® MDX (with LIAISON® MDX Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay, bi-functional fluorescent probe-primers are used together with corresponding reverse primers to amplify HSV-1, HSV-2 and internal control targets. Well conserved regions of the HSV-1 and HSV-2 DNA polymerase genes are targeted to identify HSV-1 and HSV-2 DNA respectively in the specimen. An internal control is used to detect PCR failure and/or inhibition.

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct Catalog No. MOL2150   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2160   
March 9, 2018   
Page 2 of 20

# Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct REF MOL2150

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EC SYMBOLON LABEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbbreviatedName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CapColor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactionsperVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumepper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectReaction Mix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL2151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Component Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Contents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ HSV 1&amp; 2 Direct ReactionMix (RM)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DNA polymerase, buffer, dNTPs, template DNA (Internal Control) dye-labeled fluorescentprobe-primers specific for detection of HSV-1 and/or HSV-2 and for the DNA InternalControl.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore(Dye)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation(nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission(nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Gene</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 DNApolymerase</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 DNApolymerase</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA InternalControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1&amp; 2 Kit BarcodeCard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Assay specific parameters.</td></tr></table>

Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack REF MOL2160   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cap Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numbero off Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactions perVil/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume perVial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2Direct Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL2161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivated HSV1 and 2 viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μL</td></tr></table>

# Direct Amplification Disc kit REF MOL1455

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDiscs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactionsper Disc/Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Amplification Disc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL1452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct Amplification Disc for theprocessing of up to 8 individual controlsor specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/24</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table of Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyra® Direct HSV 1 + 2/VZV AssayK133448</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simplexa ™ HSV1 &amp; 2 Direct</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">IntendedUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lyra® Direct HSV 1 + 2NVZV Assay is anin vitro multiplex Real-Time PCR test forqualitative detection and differentiation ofherpes simplex virus type 1, herpes simplex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa ™ HSV 1 &amp; 2Direct assay is intended for use on the LIAISON®MDX instrument for the qualitative detection anddifferentiation of herpes simplex virus (HSV-1 and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">virus type 2, and varicella-zoster virus DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-2) DNA present in mucocutaneous and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">isolated and purified from cutaneous or</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cutaneous lesion swabs from patients with signs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mucocutaneous lesion samples obtained from</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and symptoms of HSV-1 or HSV-2 infection. This</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">symptomatic patients suspected of active</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">test is an aid in the differential diagnosis of HSV-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">herpes simplex virus 1, herpes simplex virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">and HSV-2 infections.The assay is not intended for use as a screeningtest for the presence of HSV-1 and HSV-2 inblood or blood products. The assay is forprofessional use onlySimplexa ™M HSV 1 &amp; 2 Positive Control PackThe Simplexa ™M HSV 1 &amp; 2 Positive Control Packis intended to be used as a control with theSimplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 Direct kit.This control is not intended for use with otherassays or systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and/or varicella-zoster infection. The LyraDirect HSV 1 + 2NVZV Assay is intended to aidin the diagnosis of herpes simplex virus 1.herpes simplex virus 2 and varicella-zostervirus active cutaneous or mucocutaneousinfections. Negative results do not precludeherpes simplex virus 1, herpes simplex virus 2and varicella-zoster virus infections and shouldnot be used as the sole basis for diagnosis,treatment or other management decisions. TheLyra® Direct HSV 1 + 2/VZV Assay is notintended for use with cerebrospinal fluid or toaid in the diagnosis of HSV or VZV infectionsof the central nervous system (CNS). TheLyra® Direct HSV 1 + 2NVZV Assay is notintended for use in prenatal screening. Thedevice is not intended for point-of-care use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutaneous or mucocutaneous lesion samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExtractionMethods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system for detecting the presenceor absence of viral DNA in clinical specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay using different reporter dyesfor each target.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table of Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyra® Direct HSV 1 + 2/VZV AssayK133448</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simplexa™ HSV1 &amp; 2 Direct</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayTargets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1: glycoprotein G, HSV-2: glycoprotein G,VZV: ORF6: DNA-helicase primase.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Well conserved region of the polymerase genesfor HSV-1 and HSV-2.</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL STUDIES

Results of the analytical studies performed were combined with analytical results from K150962.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Reproducibility studies were not conducted again for the purposes of this submission and the results from original submission K150962 are shown below.

Reproducibility for the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay was evaluated. Three investigative sites assessed the device's inter-site, inter-day and inter/intra-assay reproducibility. Each of the laboratories tested the positive control and a panel of five contrived sample pools including a low (approximately 1-2 times LoD) and medium positive (approximately 2-4 times LoD) for each analyte and a high negative. The high negative sample contained a small amount of HSV-1 and HSV-2, and it was designed to be negative approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time. The assays were performed in triplicate on 5 different days. Each site had 2 operators; each operator assayed the entire sample panel and positive control once per day, for a total of 2 sets of data per day. Combined results for all sites are presented in the tables below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %AgreementWithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.t</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>HSV-1Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1MediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%( 29/30)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%(8/90)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0 to99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2MediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30//30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(29//30) a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%(8/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0 to99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%( (2/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%( (2/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%((2/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(84/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2 to96.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(29/29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(89/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.4% (179/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.3% (177/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.8% (175/179)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(531/539)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1 to999.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>a) Expected Results of HSV-2 Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct Catalog No. MOL2150   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2160   
March 9, 2018   
Page 5 of 20

b) Expected Results of HSV-1 Low Positive, HSV-1 Medium Positive and High Negative samples are “Negative” for HSV-2.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>HSV-2Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(0/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%( (2/30))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%( 8/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0 to99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1Mediumositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%( (3/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% 90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(27/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(28/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(85/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6 to97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2MediumPoositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%( (2/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.7%(26/30)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(8 (85/90)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6 to97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(29/29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(89/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.4% (179/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96.1% (173/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.9% (176/179)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%(528/539)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4 to98.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site - 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %Agreement WithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementWithExpectedReesults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementWithExpectedReesults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementWithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>DNAICResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1MediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2MediumPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(29/29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(89/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9 to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (179/179)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(539/539)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4 to98.9%</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

Analytical Sensitivity/Limit of Detection studies were not conducted again for the purposes of this submission and the results from original submission K150962 are shown below.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) was determined for the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay using quantified stocks of HSV-1 and HSV-2 serially diluted into negative cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab matrix. LoD was determined to be the lowest concentration that could be detected positive $\ge 9 5 \%$ of the time.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Results(#Detected/#Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct ± SD(from DetectedReplicates only)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 McIntyre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4 ± 1.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 HF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2 ± 1.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5 ± 1.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.9 ± 1.15</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY / CROSS REACTIVITY

# Analytical Reactivity Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type

Analytical Reactivity studies were not conducted again for the purposes of this submission and the results from original submission K150962 are shown below.

The analytical reactivity of the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay was evaluated using different strains of HSV-1 and HSV-2 that were not used in the determination of the limit of detection (LoD) for the assay. Quantified viral material was spiked into negative cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab matrix containing male and female cutaneous and mucocutaneous swabs using a single dilution and assayed in triplicate. The Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay was able to detect other strains of HSV-1 and HSV-2 viruses.

Cross Reactivity (Analytical Specificity) Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV Strain/Isolate</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Spiked Concentration[TCID50/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative Result(#Detected/#Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 KOS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 Isolate 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 Isolate 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 Isolate 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

The Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay’s analytical specificity was evaluated by testing the ability to exclusively identify HSV-1 and HSV-2 viruses with no cross-reactivity to organisms that are closely related, or cause similar clinical symptoms or may be present on cutaneous or mucocutaneous swabs. A total of 71 potential cross-reactants were spiked into negative cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab matrix and assayed in triplicate. No cross-reactivity was observed.

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct Catalog No. MOL2150   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2160   
March 9, 2018   
Page 7 of 20   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct Catalog No. MOL2150   
Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2160   
March 9, 2018   
Page 8 of 20

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Microorganism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative Result(#Detected/#Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baseline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter Iwoffii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides ureolyticus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10® CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sordellii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus (HCoV OC43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B (CVB-1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis vanB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus (B95-8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli O157H7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus ducreyi**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae (Type A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHV-6 (Z29 Strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHV-7 SB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Microorganism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative Result(#Detected/#Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV-1 IIB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 5 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV-2 NIHZ*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPV18 Recombinant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 PFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma genitalium**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma orale**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma salivarium**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10® CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10 5 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enteritidis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella typhimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), ATCC700699</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis (MRSE),ATCC 29887</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10® CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes, M1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 tachyzooites/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treponema pallidum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichomonas vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10® trophozoites/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr></table>

\* Quantified material was not available to test; instead the vendor provided a culture fluid with a known Ct value. The site was \*\* Microorganism was not available for testing therefore in silico NCBI BLAST analysis was performed and found no cross directed to dilute the stock to a relevant Ct value; 1:50 dilution factor. reactivity. ${ \mathsf { N } } / { \mathsf { A } } = { \mathsf { N } } { \mathsf { o t } }$ applicable

# INTERFERENCE

# Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type

The performance of the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay was evaluated with potentially interfering substances that may be present on cutaneous and mucocutaneous swabs at the concentrations indicated in the table below. A total of 24 potentially interfering substances were tested in a low positive HSV-1 and HSV-2 sample (4 times LoD) in negative cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab matrix containing male and female cutaneous and mucocutaneous swabs and assayed in triplicate. No interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2># Detected/# Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffy coat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carmex® Original Lip Balm (Camphor,1.7%; Menthol, 0.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Casein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine maleate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cold-EEZE® Cold Remedy plus Throat(Zincum Gluconicum 2X)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cornstarch</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desitin (Zinc Oxide, 40%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan hydrobromide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Foscarnet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ganciclovir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lanacane Benzethonium chloride, 0.2%;Benzocaine, 20%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lip Clear® Lysine (Zinc Oxide, 1.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listerine (Eucalyptol, 0.092%; Menthol,0.042%; Methyl salicylate, 0.060%;Thymol, 0.064%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Miconazole 3 (Miconazole nitrate, 2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Seminal fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spermicide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tioconazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toothpaste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valganciclovir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KY Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

# COMPETITIVE INTERFERENCE Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type

Competitive interference studies were not conducted again for the purposes of this submission and the results from original submission K150962 are shown below.

Competitive interference was studied to evaluate the effects of clinically relevant co-infections with each of the analytes detected by the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay. The study assessed whether a high concentration of one virus in the sample could potentially affect the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay performance for another target present at low levels. A low sample was contrived at approximately 4 times LoD for each target (HSV-1 McIntryre strain and HSV-2 G strain), and a baseline Ct was determined for each sample. Each potential concomitant infecting virus was spiked into the low level sample and assayed in triplicate. Baseline sample results are also shown below. No competitive interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Baseline (Low Level)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Competitive Interferent(High Concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative Results(#Detected/#Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 Mclntyre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 Mclntyre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 McIntyre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 McIntyre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71 X 10^3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS – Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type The Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay was evaluated by testing the ability to identify HSV-1 and HSV-2 viruses when other potentially inhibitory organisms are present. The panel of 71 potentially inhibitory organisms was individually spiked into a pool with a low concentration (approximately 4 times LoD) of HSV-1 and HSV-2 in cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab matrix. Each microorganism sample was initially tested in triplicate and if any one of the replicates was “Not Detected” for either the HSV-1 or the HSV-2 targets then five additional replicates would be tested to confirm if any inhibition was caused by the microorganism. If the majority $( > 4 / 8 )$ replicates were “Not Detected” then an inhibitory effect would be determined. None of the microorganisms caused ${ > } 4 / 8$ of the replicates to be “Not Detected”. In silico NCBI BLAST analysis was performed for 7 potential inhibitory organisms.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Microorganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Qualitative Result(#Detected/#Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baseline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35/35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35/35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides ureolyticus**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus (HCoV OC43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B (CVB-1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 5 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10® CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis vanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10® CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus (B95-8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O157H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus ducreyi**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae (Type A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-6 (Z29 Strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-7 SB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIV-1 IIIB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIV-2 NIHZ*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPV18 Recombinant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 5 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 X 10 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma orale**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/8</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct Catalog No. MOL2150 Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2160 March 9, 2018 Page 11 of 20

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Microorganism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative Result(#Detected/#Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma salivarium**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enteritidis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella typhimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), ATCC700699</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis (MRSE),ATCC 29887</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes, M1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 tachyzooites/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treponema pallidum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichomonas vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 trophozoites/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 X 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct Catalog No. MOL2150 Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL2160 March 9, 2018 Page 12 of 20   
\* Quantified material was not available to test; instead the vendor provided a culture fluid with a known Ct value. The site was directed to dilute the stock to a relevant Ct value; 1:50 dilution factor. \*\*Microorganism was not available for testing therefore in silico NCBI BLAST analysis was performed and found no inhibition. N/A $=$ Not applicable.

# CLINICAL AGREEMENT

# Prospective Study 1 – Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type K150962

A total of 718 cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab samples were prospectively collected May 28, 2014 through December 4, 2014 from patients with signs and symptoms of herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection from 6 geographically diverse locations. Of the 718 samples collected, 9 samples were removed from the analysis because they were either not tested or had invalid results on the 3 assays (Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct, culture, or bi-directional sequencing). Of the 709 remaining samples, 13 samples were removed from the analysis because they were not tested on the tests included in the composite comparator method sufficient to generate a final comparator result. A total of 696 samples were used for the analysis. Samples were tested on Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct at the collection sites, culture samples were sent to a central lab, and the sequencing samples were sent to DiaSorin Molecular. All samples were either tested fresh or frozen within 72 hours of sample collection. Aliquots were made from each sample; 1 aliquot was tested on Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct at the collection site, and the remainder was sent to DiaSorin Molecular. One aliquot was sent for culture testing at an external site, 1 aliquot was used for bi-directional sequencing, and the last aliquot was held as a retain. Any sample that was not collected and frozen within 72 hours was disqualified.

The testing included 332 total runs with 638 evaluable controls, and 5 invalid control pairs. There were 718 patient samples of which 2 were not evaluable due to internal control failure, 5 not evaluable due to invalid runs, 1 was not evaluable due to wrong sample type, 1 not evaluable due to testing on a commercial instrument, 5 Insufficient Volume Errors, 3 not evaluable because of daily control issues, and 5 non-enrollable patient samples not meeting acceptance criteria (tested $>$ 72hrs post collection).

# Prospective Study 2 – Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type K173798

A total of 514 cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab samples were prospectively collected July 24, 2017 through October 11, 2017. These samples were collected from patients with signs and symptoms of herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection from 4 geographically diverse sites. Of the 514 samples, 511 samples were evaluable on Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct, 512 were evaluable by the culture method, and 510 were evaluable by the bi-directional sequencing method. Samples were tested on Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct at the collection sites, culture samples were sent to a central lab, and the sequencing samples were sent to DiaSorin Molecular. All samples were either tested fresh or frozen within 72 hours of sample collection. Aliquots were made from each sample; 1 aliquot was tested on Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct at the collection site, and the remainder was sent to DiaSorin Molecular. One aliquot was sent for culture testing at an external site, 1 aliquot was used for bi-directional sequencing, and the last aliquot was held as a retain. Any sample that was not collected and frozen within 72 hours was disqualified.

The testing included 153 total Runs with 250 evaluable controls, and 3 invalid control pairs. There were 514 patient samples of which 2 were not evaluable due to EC505 codes from both the HSV-1 (FAM) & HSV-2 (CFR610) channel, 2 Insufficient Volume errors, 18 samples not evaluable because of daily control issues (7 samples were non-evaluable due to invalid PC control runs and 11 samples were nonevaluable due to no daily control runs) and 1 was a non-enrollable patient sample that did not meet the acceptance criteria (tested $>$ 72hrs post collection).

# Retrospective Study – Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swab Sample Type

A total of 174 Cutaneous HSV-1 swabs, 174 Mucocutaneous HSV-2 swabs and 17 samples from unknown locations, were retrospectively collected June 6, 2011 to May 17, 2014 and February 21, 2017 through July 17, 2017. All samples were tested using the composite comparator method.

The clinical performance of the Simplexa HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay was evaluated by comparing the positive and negative percent agreement to a composite comparator algorithm consisting of culture, bidirectional sequencing and a FDA cleared NAAT. All samples yielding a positive result by either sequencing or culture were tested on an FDA cleared NAAT and a 2 out of 3 rule was used to determine the final composite results. All sites collected and tested the swab samples on the Simplexa™ HSV-1 and HSV-2 Direct and sent samples to a central lab for culture testing. For culture, each sample was tested for HSV- 2 first and if positive for HSV-2 no further testing was performed. Samples that were HSV2 culture negative were further tested for HSV-1 culture positivity. Dual positives could not be identified in the culture assay.

The available retained samples were sent to DiaSorin Molecular and tested in a validated bi-directional sequencing assay. Results for Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct compared to the composite comparator algorithm are presented in the tables that follow when combined with the data from the second sample set.

# Prospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-1 Cutaneous Swabs

The table below shows HSV-1 positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method based on the observed prevalence in the study population for HSV-1 for cutaneous swabs.

Prospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-1 Mucocutaneous Swabs   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Cutaneous for HSV-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™M HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)95% Cl: 88.7% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%(182/189)95% CI: 92.6% to 98.5%</td></tr></table>

The table below shows HSV-1 positive and negative percent Agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method based on the observed prevalence in the study population for HSV-1 for Mucocutaneous swabs.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Mucocutaneous for HSV-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>703</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>706</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>887</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%(162/165)95% CI: 94.4% to 99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%(703/721)95% CI: 96.1% to 98.4%</td></tr></table>

# Prospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-2 Cutaneous Swabs

The table below shows HSV-2 positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method based on the observed prevalence in the study population for HSV-2 for cutaneous swabs.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Cutaneous for HSV-2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%(32/33)95% CI: 84.4% to 99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(182/186)95% Cl: 94.6% to 99.2%</td></tr></table>

# Prospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-2 Mucocutaneous Swabs

The table below shows HSV-2 positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method based on the observed prevalence in the study population for HSV-2 for mucocutaneous swabs.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Mucocutaneous for HSV-2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™M HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>692</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>886</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%(193/194)95% CI: 97.1% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(669/692)95% Cl: 95.1% to 97.8%</td></tr></table>

# Retrospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-1 Cutaneous Swabs

The table below shows HSV-1 positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method for retrospectively collected HSV-1 for cutaneous swabs.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Cutaneous for HSV-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(26/26)95% Cl: 87.1% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%(91/92)95% Cl: 94.1% to99.8%</td></tr></table>

# Retrospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-1 Mucocutaneous Swabs

The table below shows HSV-1 positive and negative percent Agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method for retrospectively collected HSV-1 for mucocutaneous swabs.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Mucocutaneous for HSV-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(32/32)95% Cl: 89.3% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%(113/114)95% CI: 95.2% to100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Retrospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-2 Cutaneous Swabs

The table below shows HSV-2 positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method for retrospectively collected HSV-2 for cutaneous swabs.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Cutaneous for HSV-2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™M HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(29/29)95% CI: 88.3% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(89/89)95% CI: 95.9% to 100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Retrospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-2 Mucocutaneous Swabs

The table below shows HSV-2 positive and negative percent Agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method for retrospectively collected HSV-2 for mucocutaneous swabs.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Mucocutaneous for HSV-2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™M HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(22/22)95% CI: 85.1% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(124/124)95% CI: 97.0% to100.0%</td></tr></table>

Retrospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-1 Unknown Locations Cutaneous Swabs The table below shows HSV-1 positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method for retrospectively collected HSV-1 for cutaneous swabs from unknown locations.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Unknown Sample Locations for HSV-1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)95% Cl: 43.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(12/12)95% CI: 75.8% to100.0%</td></tr></table>

Retrospective Results Composite Reference Method HSV-2 Unknown Locations Cutaneous Swabs The table below shows HSV-2 positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) vs. Composite Reference Method for retrospectively collected HSV-2 for cutaneous swabs from unknown locations.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Clinical Agreement - (Unknown Sample Locations for HSV-2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ HSV 1 &amp; 2 DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(3/3)95% CI: 43.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(12/12)95% CI: 75.8% to100.0%</td></tr></table>

# EXPECTED VALUES – Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Swabs

The observed expected values using the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay are presented below. The data is stratified by age, gender and lesion location.

Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Lesion Swabs by Age and Gender   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ HSV 1&amp; 2 DirectHSV-1 Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ HSV 1&amp; 2 DirectHSV-2 Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤18 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;18 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>779</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤18 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;18 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4%</td></tr></table>

Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Lesion Swabs by Lesion Location   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Skin Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LesionLocation</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ HSV 1&amp; 2 DirectHSV-1 Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™ HSV 1&amp; 2 DirectHSV-2 Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cutaneous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Mucocutaneous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anorectal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocular</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urethra</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>940</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4%</td></tr></table>

# CARRY-OVER CONTAMINATION

The amplification carry-over for the Simplexa™ assays including the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assay was assessed from the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650 (K120413) viral assay, and can be found on the FDA website. The study can be applied to the Simplexa™ HSV 1 & 2 Direct assays as the study is not analyte specific. In the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct REF MOL2650 (K120413), the amplification carry-over study searched for the presence of contamination in negative samples adjacent to strong positive samples. The study was designed by alternately placing high positive and negative samples on each disc. No evidence of carry-over contamination was observed.

# FRESH VS FROZEN

Fresh versus frozen studies were not performed for the purposed on the subject 510K submission and data from the original submission K150962 was used (see below).

Storage conditions were validated using the following transport media types BD VTM, M4, M4RT, M5, M6, and UTM by spiking media with organism at concentrations ranging from 3 times LoD to 50 times LoD and at different storage temperatures and durations. The validated storage for samples was found to be the following;

Samples should be transported on ice and stored at 2 to $8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for up to 7 days post collection. If there is a greater than 7 day delay before processing of the sample, store the sample at $. 7 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .