Exalenz Bioscience Ltd.   
$\%$ George Hattub   
℅ George HattubSenior Staff Consultant   
Medicsense USA   
291 Hillside Avenue   
Somerset, Massachusetts 02726

Re: K173777 Trade/Device Name: BreathID Hp Lab System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3110 Regulation Name: Campylobacter fetus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: MSQ, JJQ Dated: December 1, 2017 Received: December 12, 2017

Dear George Hattub:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# ForRibhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name

BreathID $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hp Lab System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Exalenz BreathID $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hp Lab System is intended for use to non-invasively measure changes in the $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 } / ^ { 1 2 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ ratio of exhaled breath, which may be indicative of increased urease production associated with active Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection in the stomach.

The Exalenz BreathID $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hp Lab System is indicated for use as an aid in the initial diagnosis and post treatment monitoring of H. pylori infection in adult patients and pediatric patients ages 3-17 years old. The Exalenz BreathID $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hp Lab System consists of the appropriate IDkit: $\mathrm { H p ^ { T M } }$ kit, and the BreathID $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hp device, Auto Sampler and Lab Application.

To be administered by trained personnel as ordered by a licensed healthcare practitioner.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY

# 510(K) Number K173777

# Purpose of this ${ \displaystyle 5 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) }$ :

The primary purpose of this 510(k) submission is to expand the indications for use of the BreathID® Hp Lab System to include use with pediatric patients ages 3-17 years old. The predicate and the subject device are identical.

# Applicant’s Name:

Exalenz Bioscience Ltd. 4 Ha'Maayan Street Modiin, 7177872, Israel Tel: +972-8-9737502 Fax: +972-8-9737501

# Contact Person:

George Hattub   
MedicSense USA   
291 Hillside   
Avenue   
Somerset, MA 02726   
Tel: 1-508-479-6116   
Fax: 1-509-277-1418   
Mail: george $@$ medicsense.com

Date Prepared: March 7, 2018

Trade Name: BreathID® Hp Lab System

Classification Name: Test, urea (breath or blood)

Product Code: MSQ, JJQ

Device Class: I

Regulation Number: 866.3110

# Panel:

Microbiology

# Predicate Device:

Exalenz BreathID® Hp Lab System [Exalenz Bioscience Ltd.] cleared under K162150

# Device Description:

The BreathID® Hp Lab System is a non-invasive breath test system for detecting the presence of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori). The system consists of an electro-optical medical device with embedded software designed to measure and compute the changes in ratio between $^ { 1 3 } { \mathrm { C O } } _ { 2 }$ and $^ { 1 2 } { \mathrm { C O } } _ { 2 }$ concentrations in the patient’s exhalation, an Auto Sampler, a Lab Application, and a test kit. The IDkit $\mathrm { H } \mathfrak { p } ^ { \mathrm { { ^ { T M } } } }$ Two kit consists of:

A $7 5 \mathrm { m g \ ^ { 1 3 } C }$ -urea tablet   
• A $4 . 3 \mathrm { g }$ package of powdered Citrica (citric acid)   
• Drinking straw   
• Package Insert (Instructions for Use)   
• Quick User Guide   
• 2 Breath Sample Bags (Baseline and Post Ingestion) with bar code labels and a large Sample Transport Bag

Using bags for breath collection along with the Auto Sampler enables off site and deferred testing as well as testing of multiple breath sample bags sequentially in a batch. The BreathID® Hp Lab System measures and computes the ratio between $^ { 1 3 } { \mathrm { C O } } _ { 2 }$ and $^ { 1 2 } { \mathrm { C O } } _ { 2 }$ in the patient’s exhaled breath before and after the ingestion of $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -urea. The change in the $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 } / \ ^ { 1 2 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ ratio before and after ingestion of $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -urea is used to compute the Delta over Baseline (DOB).

The $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ measurement method for both the subject and the cleared (predicate) versions of the BreathID® Hp Lab systems is based on Molecular Correlation Spectroscopy™ (MCS) technology. MCS technology is based on the concept of optical absorption of specific radiation emitted from $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ discharge lamps.

# Intended Use / Indication for Use:

The Exalenz BreathID® Hp Lab System is intended for use to non-invasively measure changes in the $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 } / ^ { 1 2 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ ratio of exhaled breath, which may be indicative of increased urease production associated with active Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection in the stomach.

The Exalenz BreathID® Hp Lab System is indicated for use as an aid in the initial diagnosis and post treatment monitoring of $H .$ pylori infection in adult patients and pediatric patients ages 3-17 years old. The Exalenz BreathID $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Hp Lab System consists of the appropriate IDkit $\mathrm { H } \mathrm { p } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ kit, and the BreathID® Hp device, Auto Sampler and Lab Application.

To be administered by trained personnel as ordered by a licensed healthcare practitioner.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The following table summarizes the data on the Exalenz BreathID® Hp Lab System (subject of this 510(k) submission) and compares to the Exalenz BreathID® Lab Hp System cleared under K162150 (the predicate).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathID® Hp Lab System(The Subject Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathID® Hp Lab System(The Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K173777</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K162150</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode/Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MSQ/Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter fetusserological reagents, 866.3110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exalenz Bioscience Ltd.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Exalenz BreathID® HpLab System is intended for useto non-invasively measurechanges in the 13CO2/12CO2ratio of exhaled breath, whichmay be indicative of increasedurease production associatedwith active Helicobacterpylori (H. pylori) infection inthe stomach.The Exalenz BreathID® HpLab System is indicated foruse as an aid in the initialdiagnosis and post treatmentmonitoring of H. pyloriinfection in adult patients andpediatric patients ages 3-17years old. The ExalenzBreathID® Hp Lab System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The Exalenz BreathID® HpLab System is intended foruse to non-invasively measurechanges in the 13CO2 / 12CO2ratio of exhaled breath, whichmay be indicative of increasedurease production associatedwith active Helicobacterpylori (H. pylori) infection inthe stomach.The Exalenz BreathID® HpLab System is indicated foruse as an aid in the initialdiagnosis and post treatmentmonitoring of H. pyloriinfection in adult patients. TheExalenz BreathID® Hp LabSystem consists of the IDkitHpTM kits, and the BreathID®Hp device, Auto Sampler andLab ApplicationTo be administered by trainedpersonnel as ordered by alicensed healthcarepractitioner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">consists of the appropriateIDkit HpTM kit, and theBreathID® Hp device, AutoSampler and Lab Application.To be administered by trainedpersonnel as ordered by alicensed healthcarepractitioner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemHardwareComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathID® Hp Lab deviceAuto SamplerIDkit HpTM TwoPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemSoftwareComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BreathID® Hp Lab deviceembedded SWBreathID® Hp LabApplicationAuto Sampler embeddedSW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human breath exhaled intobreath sample bags</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleCollectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two breath sample bags: forbaseline and for post ingestion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Helicobacter pylori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13C Urea (NDA 21-314)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Duration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-20 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Initial diagnosis and posttreatment monitoring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring levels of 13CO2 and12CO2 using MolecularCorrelation Spectroscopy(MCS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Output(ReportedResult)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta Over Baseline (DOB) ofthe 13CO2 / 12CO 2 ratio (beforeand after ingestion of 13CUrea) and positive/negativedetermination for H. pyloriinfection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off Point</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0 DOB per mil (post doseminus pre dose)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Population</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adult and Pediatric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adult</td></tr></table>

# Comparison of Intended Use:

The intended use of the BreathID® Hp Lab System is substantially equivalent to its predicate; both are intended for the initial diagnosis and post treatment monitoring of $H .$ . pylori infection in patients, and both are prescription devices. The BreathID® Hp Lab System which is the subject device is indicted for use on both adult and pediatric patients ages 3-17 years old, while the predicate device is only indicated for adult patients. In addition, the subject device has minor software and hardware changes which have no effect on the fundamental intended use or indications for use of the system nor do they alter the system diagnostic characteristics or raise any new safety issues.

# Ingested Drug:

The ingested drug product used in the BreathID® Hp Lab System IDkit $\mathrm { H } \mathrm { p } ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ Two kit, ( $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -Urea tablet, $7 5 \mathrm { m g }$ and Citrica powder, 4g), was originally approved in NDA 21- 314. The identical drug product with identical preparation and administration is used in the cleared predicate device BreathID® Hp Lab System kit.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

The BreathID® Hp Lab System shares with its predicate device the same technology, the same test substrate, and the same diagnostic capabilities. Both the subject and predicate systems, use the MCS technology (Molecular Correlation Spectroscopy) and measure the ratio of $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 } / ^ { 1 2 } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ in exhaled breath prior to and after administration of the test substrate ( $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -Urea). The MCS technology measures the light absorbance by an infrared spectrometry, which is correlative to $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ concentration in the breath sample. The output result in both systems is the Delta Over Baseline (DOB) and a positive/negative determination is based on the same assay cut-off $( \ge 5$ DOB).

Like its predicate device, the BreathID® Hp Lab System includes an analyzer device with embedded SW and a test kit. In addition, the subject system and predicate system also includes the Auto Sampler with its embedded SW and the BreathID® Lab Application with its Work Station. These components directly relate to the use of breath bags in the subject system, are designed for the convenience of the operator and are used in the FDA cleared predicate device (K162150). As with the predicate device, the subject system uses breath bags, where the breath is exhaled through the mouth into the bag.

# Summary of Performance Testing:

Exalenz has performed extensive and well-executed verification and validation to verify the performance of the BreathID® Hp Lab System.

Software Verification and Validation Software testing was conducted to evaluate the performance of the subject system and to verify that it performs according to its specifications. Verifications involved functionality testing, timing analysis, integration with the hardware, and error detection and handling. Verification was achieved by design reviews, code walkthroughs, functional testing of sub-components and integration testing with the hardware. Additionally, the software was extensively verified at the system level.

Clinical Validation

A multi-center, non-randomized, open label study was conducted with the primary goal of confirming the safety of the $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -urea substrate in pediatric subjects, and a secondary goal of assessing performance of the BreathID® Hp Lab System using breath sample bags in this population, compared to stool antigen testing. Supported by existing clinical performance in the adult population, device performance was assessed in a limited clinical study in a pediatric population as described below. The study was not powered to assess efficacy. A central laboratory analyzed the stool specimens with an FDA cleared $H .$ pylori stool antigen test. The study was conducted at 6 clinical sites that were geographically diverse, differing in size (from small private clinics to large hospitals), diverse in experience representing both point of care testing as well as sites utilizing a clinical laboratory. Local site personnel were trained on administering the breath test. To represent point of care and clinical laboratory settings, the bagged sample analysis was performed either on site or at a central laboratory using a BreathID® Hp Lab System.

The primary study endpoint was to confirm the safety of the $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -urea substrate using the standard dose of $7 5 \mathrm { m g }$ $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -urea and $4 \mathrm { g }$ citric acid in the pediatric population. The safety endpoint included all adverse events (AEs).

The secondary endpoint was performance, assessed as the positive percent agreement and negative percent agreement between the BreathID® Hp Lab System, applying the predefined threshold of 5 DOB, and the stool antigen test results.

# Main Results

A total number of 54 subjects were screened, of which 1 subject was a screening failure prior to any study related procedure. Fifty-three subjects were enrolled (full analysis - FA set) and were followed for the safety assessment. Forty-two of them completed the full study protocol requirements for the FA set with evaluable breath and stool test endpoints.

Among the 53 pediatric subjects followed for the safety assessment, one adverse event of vomiting was experienced by one subject $( 1 . 8 9 \% )$ and resolved on the same day. There were no reportable major safety concerns due to adverse events.

The positive percent agreement between the breath test and the stool antigen test results was $9 3 . 3 \%$ $[ 9 5 \%$ CI:68.05;99.83] and the negative percent agreement was $100 \%$ $[ 9 5 \%$ CI: $8 7 . 2 3 \% ; 1 0 0 \%$ .

These study results met the predefined success criteria for confirming the safety of the $^ { 1 3 } \mathrm { C }$ -urea substrate in the pediatric population, and for providing further evidence of BreathID Hp Lab System performance in this population taking into consideration prior supportive clinical performance in the adult population.

# Conclusion:

The information submitted in this premarket notification is complete and demonstrates that the BreathID® Hp Lab System is as safe and effective as the predicate device and supports a substantial equivalence decision.