# June 14, 2018

Arlington Scientific, Inc. (ASI) David Binks COO/VP Regulatory 1840 North Technology Dr. Springville, Utah 84663

Re: K173376 Trade/Device Name: ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis ASI Evolution Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3820 Regulation Name: Treponema pallidum nontreponemal test reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GMQ Dated: June 7, 2018 Received: June 8, 2018

Dear David Binks:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S for

Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis ASI Evolution

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ASI Automated RPR (rapid plasma reagin) Test for Syphilis, for use on the ASI Evolution Automated Syphilis Analyzer, is a qualitative nontreponemal flocculation test for the detection of reagin antibodies in human serum and plasma as a screening test for serological evidence of syphilis. All reactive RPR test samples should be further tested with a treponemal test. The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis for use on the ASI Evolution produces only a reactive or non-reactive result and does not report RPR titers for reactive samples.

The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis is for professional use only. The test is intended to be used for in vitro diagnostic testing.

The ASI Evolution is intended to be used as a fully automated analyzer to objectively interpret the results of the ASI automated RPR test for syphilis. The ASI Evolution is designed to provide standardized test interpretation and to provide for storage, retrieval, and transmittal of the test results. It is intended to be acquired, possessed and used only by health care professionals. The ASI Evolution analyzer, in conjunction with the ASI Automated RPR Test is intended to be used for in vitro diagnostic testing. The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis for use on the ASI Evolution produces only a reactive or non-reactive result and does not report RPR titers for reactive samples.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5.0 510(k) Summary

5.1 Preparation Date: 04/23/2018

# Submitted By

David Binks MT (ASCP), MBA   
COO/Vice President Regulatory   
Arlington Scientific, Inc.   
1840 North Technology Dr.   
Springville, UT 84663   
Phone 801-489-8911 / Fax 801-489-5552

5.2 Trade Name – ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis ASI Evolution

Regulation section: (21 CFR 866.3820) Treponema pallidum test reagents

Classification: Class II

Product Code: GMQ

Panel: Microbiology

# 5.3 Predicate Device(s) – ASI RPR Card Test for Syphilis on the ASiManager-AT (K851504)

Device Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>ASI Evolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASiManager-AT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=5>The ASI Automated RPR (rapid plasmareagin) Test for Syphilis, for use on the ASIEvolution Automated Syphilis Analyzer, isa qualitative nontreponemal flocculationtest for the detection of reagin antibodies inhuman serum and plasma as a screeningtest for serological evidence of syphilis. Allreactive RPR test samples should befurther tested with a treponemal test. TheASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis foruse on the ASl Evolution produces only areactive or non-reactive result and does</td><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>The ASI RPR (rapid plasmareagin)Card Test for Syphilis is aqualitative and semiquantitativenontreponemal flocculation test forthe detection of reagin antibodiesin human serum and plasma as ascreening test for serologicalevidence of syphilis. This test isalso intended for use in screeningblood donors and cadaveric (non-heart beating) donor specimens fortissue donation when the test isread and interpreted with theASiManager-AT. The ASI RPRCard Test for Syphilis is forprofessional use only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>also intended for use in screeningblood donors and cadaveric (non-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>heart beating) donor specimens for</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>not report RPR titers for reactive samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tissue donation when the test is</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=5>The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilisis for professional use only. The test is</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>is for professional use only. The test isintended to be used for in vitro diagnostic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>testing.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>The ASl Evolution is intended to be usedas a fully automated analyzer to objectively</td></tr></table>

ASI Evolution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>interpret the results of the ASl automatedRPR test for syphilis. The ASI Evolution isdesigned to provide standardized testinterpretation and to provide for storage,retrieval, and transmittal of the test results.It is intended to be acquired, possessedand used only by health careprofessionals. The ASl Evolution analyzer,in conjunction with the ASl AutomatedRPR Test is intended to be used for in vitrodiagnostic testing. The ASl AutomatedRPR Test for Syphilis for use on the ASIEvolution produces only a reactive or non-reactive result and does not report RPRtiters for reactive samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ASiManager-AT is intended tobe used as an integrated digitalparticle analyzer to objectivelyinterpret the results of the ASIRPR Card Test for Syphilis. TheASiManager-AT is designed toprovide standardized testinterpretation and to provide forstorage, retrieval, and transmittalof the test results. It is intended tobe acquired, possessed and usedonly by health care professionals.The ASiManager-AT is intended tobe used for in vitro diagnostics,blood donor and cadaveric (non-heart beating) donor screening.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologyInstruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ASl Evolution is an integrated digitalparticle analyzer designed to objectivelyinterpret certain agglutination testsmanufactured by Arlington Scientific, Inc.(ASI). The ASI Evolution fully automatesthe sample and reagent handling steps ofthe test procedure. Laboratoryprofessionals use the ASl Evolution toprovide standardized test interpretationusing criteria that define reactive andnonreactive agglutination reactions. Thesame proprietary interpretive algorithmused in the predicate device (ASiManager-AT) is used in the ASI Evolution.The ASI Evolution employs a camera tocreate a highly sensitive and high-resolution image of the agglutinationimmunoassay. This image is thenanalyzed by the proprietary softwarealgorithm to interpret the agglutinationpattern.The ASl Evolution further provides toolsthat enable the creation, storage, retrievaland transmittal of the test results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ASiManager-AT is anintegrated digital particle analyzerdesigned to objectively interpretcertain slide agglutination testsmanufactured by ArlingtonScientific, Inc. (ASI). Qualitativeand semiquantitative tests areperformed by laboratoryprofessionals who use theASiManager-AT to providestandardized test interpretationusing criteria that define reactiveand nonreactive agglutinationreactions.The ASiManager-AT employs acamera to create a highly sensitiveand high-resolution image of theagglutination immunoassay. Thisimage is then analyzed by theproprietary software algorithm tointerpret the agglutination pattern.The ASiManager-AT furtherprovides tools that enable thecreation, storage, retrieval andtransmittal of the test results.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologyReagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flocculation Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASI RPR Carbon Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reported Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive, Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Processing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Volumeused per Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 μl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive, Weak Reactive, Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 well plastic test plate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30, 15, or 10 well plastic coatedtest card</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Used for in vitro diagnostic testing andblood donor testing.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Used for in vitro diagnosticstesting, blood donor and cadaveric</td></tr></table>

# ASI Evolution

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td>(non-heart beating) donor screening.</td></tr></table>

5.4 Device Description – The ASI Evolution is an integrated digital particle analyzer designed to objectively interpret certain slide agglutination tests manufactured by Arlington Scientific, Inc. (ASI). The ASI Evolution fully automates the sample and reagent handling steps of the test procedure. Qualitative tests are performed by laboratory professionals who use the ASI Evolution to provide standardized test interpretation using criteria that define reactive and nonreactive agglutination reactions.

The ASI Evolution employs a camera that uses light reflectance to create a highly sensitive and high-resolution image of the agglutination immunoassay. This image is then analyzed by the proprietary software algorithm to interpret the agglutination pattern.

The ASI Evolution further provides tools that enable the creation, storage, retrieval and transmittal of the test results.

The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis reagents include the following:

CARBON ANTIGEN - $0 . 0 0 3 \%$ cardiolipin, $0 . 0 2 0 { - } 0 . 0 2 2 \%$ lecithin, $0 . 0 9 \%$ cholesterol, charcoal (activated) as visual enhancer, phosphate buffer, $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative and stabilizers.

CONTROLS (REACTIVE, WEAK REACTIVE, NONREACTIVE) - Human serum or defibrinated plasma (liquid), with $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.

Reagents have two-year expiration dating from date of manufacture. The specific expiration date is located on the label on the vial.

Intended Use – The ASI Evolution is intended to be used as a fully automated analyzer to objectively interpret the results of the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis. The ASI Evolution is designed to provide standardized test interpretation and to provide for storage, retrieval, and transmittal of the test results. It is intended to be acquired, possessed and used only by health care professionals. The ASI Evolution analyzer, in conjunction with the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis is intended to be used for in vitro diagnostic testing. The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis for use on the ASI Evolution produces only a reactive or non-reactive result and does not report RPR titers for reactive samples.

The ASI Automated RPR (rapid plasma reagin) Test for Syphilis, for use on the ASI Evolution Automated Syphilis Analyzer, is a qualitative nontreponemal flocculation test for the detection of reagin antibodies in human serum and plasma as a screening test for serological evidence of syphilis. All reactive RPR test samples should be further tested with a treponemal test. The ASI Automated RPR

# ASI Evolution

Test for Syphilis for use on the ASI Evolution produces only a reactive or nonreactive result and does not report RPR titers for reactive samples.

The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis is for professional use only. The test is intended to be used for in vitro diagnostic testing.

5.5 Clinical Data – A comparison of the digital interpretation of the results of testing samples with the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis using the ASI Evolution and the ASiManager-AT by trained laboratory professionals was conducted to show substantial equivalence.

The ASI Evolution was evaluated for equivalence, in its pattern of reactivity, against the ASiManager-AT. A total of 1,068 individual prospective samples, with identifiers removed, were collected at two different Departments of Public Health Labs and tested by the ASI Evolution in comparison with the ASiManager-AT at each of the facilities. Reactive, Weak Reactive and Nonreactive controls were run on each day of testing.

The following data are the results from two testing sites:

# Prospective Serum Sample Testing – 1,068 Samples

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">ASI Automated RPR Test for</td><td colspan="3">ASI RPR Card Test for Syphilis on the ASiManager-AT Result</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Reactive</td><td>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Syphilis on the ASI Evolution Result</td><td>Reactive</td><td>114</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Nonreactive</td><td>1</td><td>952</td></tr></table>

Using the data from the prospective performance results above, the positive agreement of the ASI Evolution can be calculated as:

11 $4 / ( 1 1 4 + 1 ) = 9 9 . 1 3 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 5 . 2 5 \% - 9 9 . 9 8 \%$

Using the data from the prospective performance results above, the negative agreement of the ASI Evolution can be calculated as:

$9 5 2 / ( 9 5 2 + 1 ) = 9 9 . 9 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 9 . 4 2 \% - 1 0 0 \%$

A total of 1,013 individual retrospective samples, with identifiers removed, were collected from various reference labs and serum and plasma vendors from across the United States and tested by the ASI Evolution in comparison with the ASiManager-AT

# ASI Evolution

in-house. Reactive, Weak Reactive and Nonreactive controls were run on each day of testing.

# Retrospective Serum Sample Testing – 10 Samples

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis on the ASI Evolution Result</td><td colspan="3">ASI RPR Card Test for Syphilis on the ASiManager-AT Result</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Reactive</td><td>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td>Reactive</td><td>7</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Nonreactive</td><td>0</td><td>3</td></tr></table>

Serum positive agreement is calculated as:

$7 / ( 7 + 0 ) = 1 0 0 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 5 9 . 0 4 \% - 1 0 0 \%$

Serum negative agreement is calculated as:

$3 / ( 3 + 0 ) = 1 0 0 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 2 9 . 2 4 \% - 1 0 0 \%$

# Retrospective Plasma Sample Testing – 1,003 Samples

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">ASI Automated RPR Test for</td><td colspan="3">ASI RPR Card Test for Syphilis on the ASiManager-AT Result</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Reactive</td><td>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Syphilis on the ASI Evolution Result</td><td>Reactive</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Nonreactive</td><td>0</td><td>993</td></tr></table>

Sodium Citrate positive agreement is calculated as:

$1 0 / ( 1 0 + 0 ) = 1 0 0 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 6 9 . 1 5 \% - 1 0 0 \%$

Sodium Citrate negative agreement is calculated as:

$9 9 3 / ( 9 9 3 + 0 ) = 1 0 0 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 9 . 6 3 \% - 1 0 0 \%$

# ASI Evolution

# Distribution of Samples

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Prospective randomsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Retrospective samples</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>GrandTotal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Plasma</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum &amp; Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Knowninfected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KnownUninfected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>567</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>567</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>567</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,081</td></tr></table>

# ASI Evolution Characterized Specimen Testing

• Testing was conducted at: $\bigcirc$ Arlington Scientific, Inc. – Site C Carbon antigen lot used – Lot CA5K01RBA Each sample was tested by an operator with experience in performing the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis and operating the ASI Evolution. ASI Evolution unit 5800-0102 (#1) used for testing Expected results are based on known clinical diagnosis All samples were serum

The results of the testing are contained in tables below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalDiagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.28 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.47 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secondary Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.28 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SecondaryUntreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.28 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latent Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.28 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latent Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.28 - 100%</td></tr></table>

# Performance with Samples from Pregnant Women:

Samples were collected from 250 pregnant women and tested on the ASI Evolution for reactivity. These samples were also tested using the ASiManager-AT. The age of these women ranged in age from 15 to 41 years old. (with a median age of 28 years old). All samples were nonreactive for syphilis when tested on the ASI Evolution. Samples were collected from 30 pregnant women that also had been diagnosed as having syphilis and were tested on the ASI Evolution for reactivity. The women ranged in age from 18 to 40 years old (with a median age of 28 years old). All samples were reactive for syphilis when tested on the ASI Evolution. All the samples were serum.

# Pregnant Women Testing

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">ASI Automated RPR Test for</td><td colspan="3">ASI RPR Card Test for Syphilis on the ASiManager-AT Result</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Reactive</td><td>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Syphilis on the ASI Evolution Result</td><td>Reactive</td><td>30</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Nonreactive</td><td>0</td><td>250</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The positive and negative percent agreement for the ASI Evolution and the ASiManagerAT demonstrate that they have a very similar performance.

# ASI Evolution Performance Characteristics

# Precision

The interpretation of 10 samples using the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis and the ASI Evolution were evaluated for reactivity. The testing requirements were as follows:

1. All qualitative testing was conducted according to the procedure listed in the package insert.   
2. Each qualitative sample was tested 192 times. The number of replicates were chosen since the instrument can hold 4 – 48 well plates for a total of 192 wells. The 192 samples will test each well position.

A total of 10 samples were evaluated to determine repeatability of reactivity. Of the 10 samples:

3 were nonreactive   
4- RPR reactive 1:1 titered samples   
1- RPR reactive 1:2 titered sample   
1- RPR reactive 1:8 titered sample   
1- RPR reactive 1:256 titered sample

Each of the 10 samples was repeated 192 times to evaluate the reactivity using the ASI Evolution. An aliquot of the same sample was dispensed into 192 tubes. All 192 tubes were placed into the ASI Evolution and the run was performed. In this manner all 192 wells were tested with the same sample to show well to well and plate to plate repeatability using four test plates.

Precision Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R7C21R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N7D04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11114B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11114C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11114F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>08296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11114D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W7E26R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N7H03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

The data above show that the ASI Evolution has a high degree of repeatability.

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility testing was conducted at three sites. The testing consisted of:

• Testing seven (7) samples o 2 - RPR nonreactive samples o 1 – RPR reactive 1:2 titered samples o 1 – RPR reactive 1:4 titered sample o 2 - RPR reactive 1:8 titered sample o 1 – RPR reactive 1:16 titered sample

Each sample was run in duplicate within the panel.   
Each sample was tested each day for five non-consecutive days by an operator with experience in performing the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis and operating the ASI Evolution. Each sample was tested a second time on each of the days referenced above separated by approximately 2 hours. Testing at each site was performed on the same ASI Evolution.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>RPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPRnonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.91 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPRnonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N6K14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.91 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05225B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.91 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>07035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.91 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05225A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.91 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R7C21R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.91 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>07117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.98 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.91 - 100</td></tr></table>

The data shows a very high degree of reproducibility.

Another reproducibility study was conducted at the three sites. All qualitative testing was conducted according to the procedure listed in the package insert. The testing consisted of:

Testing 448 samples o 48 - RPR nonreactive samples o 400 – RPR reactive samples The same samples were tested at all three sites described above for the clinical and the previous reproducibility studies.   
• All samples were retrospective serum. Samples, with identifiers removed, were collected from various reference labs and serum and plasma vendors from across the United States. Testing at each site was performed on the same ASI Evolution.   
Results were as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPRnonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.60 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.60 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.60 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.47 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(400/400)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.08 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(400/400)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.08 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(400/400)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.08 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(1200/1200)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.69 - 100</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity/Interfering Substances

A study was conducted to evaluate potential interference or cross reactivity from different disease conditions. Results are listed below:

Cross Reactivity/Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of samples withexpected result/# ofsamples tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANA (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASO (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRP (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infectious Mono (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RF (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyme&#x27;s (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV (+) Syphilis (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnancy (+) Syphilis (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250/250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnancy (+) Syphilis (+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin 20 mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin 10 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides 1000mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td></tr></table>

The positive infectious mono samples were heterophile positive. EBV testing was not conducted.

The study showed no interference.

# Carry-Over

A study was conducted to evaluate if contamination of a nonreactive sample due to carryover from an adjacent reactive sample can occur.

Testing was conducted at: o Arlington Scientific, Inc.   
Testing was conducted using two different samples: o RPR reactive 1:64 tittered sample (high reactive) – 06237 o RPR nonreactive sample – Lot 06127   
• The same samples were used for all testing.   
• The same lot of carbon antigen was used – Lot CA7D24R Each test run was completed each day for five days by an operator with experience in performing the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis and operating the ASI Evolution.   
• The test consisted of alternating 24 aliquots of the samples listed above in t sample rack and completing a run of 48 tests.

# ASI Evolution

• Testing was performed on the same ASI Evolution.

# Carry-Over Testing

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">ASI Automated RPR Test for</td><td colspan="3">Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Reactive</td><td>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Syphilis on the ASI Evolution Result</td><td>Reactive</td><td>24</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Nonreactive</td><td>0</td><td>24</td></tr></table>

This data demonstrates that all testing results were as expected and there was no evidence of contamination or carry-over.

# ASI Evolution On-board Stability Testing

• Testing was conducted at: $\bigcirc$ Arlington Scientific, Inc. – Site C • Testing was conducted using four different samples:

$\bigcirc$ RPR nonreactive sample – Lot 12313   
$\bigcirc$ RPR reactive 1:2 tittered sample (low reactive) – LR0646530   
$\bigcirc$ RPR reactive 1:16 tittered sample (moderate reactive) – LB0482464   
$\bigcirc$ RPR reactive 1:64 tittered sample (high reactive) – OL0500976

• The same samples were used for all testing.

• The same lot of carbon antigen was used – Lot CA5K01RBA

Each sample was tested each morning for five days by an operator with experience in performing the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis and operating the ASI Evolution.

Each sample was tested each afternoon for five days by a different operator with experience in performing the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis and operating the Evolution.

The carbon antigen reagent was left on the ASI Evolution between runs for a total elapsed time of 8 hours.

The carbon antigen was stored at ${ 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \subset }$ between the afternoon test run and the next morning test run (overnight)

• Each of the four samples was run in triplicate on the morning and afternoon runs.

• ASI Evolution unit 5800-0102 (#1) used for testing • All samples were serum.

# ASI Evolution

The results of the testing are contained in table below:

On-board Stability Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>ASI Evolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR0646530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LB0482464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OL0500976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>100%100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LR0646530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LB0482464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OL0500976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td></tr></table>

Using this data the following evaluations can be made:

All testing results were as expected.

The carbon antigen reagent is stable on the instrument for up to 8 hours.

# ASI Evolution Frozen vs Refrigerated Testing

• Testing was conducted at: o Arlington Scientific, Inc. – Site C   
• Carbon antigen Lot used – Lot CA5K01RBA   
• Each sample was tested by an operator with experience in performing the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis and operating the ASI Evolution.   
• ASI Evolution unit 5800-0102 (#1) used for testing.   
• Each sample was split into two aliquots. One was stored at ${ 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \subset }$ and the other one was frozen. The frozen specimens were allowed to remain frozen for 1 month and then were thawed. All testing was done on the ASI Evolution.   
• All specimens were allowed to come to room temperature before testing.

Frozen vs. Refrigerated Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Titer</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FrozenSamples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Expected Result(# expectedresult/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Expected Result(# expectedresult/N)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(5/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(5/5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(5/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(5/5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(2/2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(2/2)</td></tr></table>

All samples gave the expected results.