Becton Dickinson and Company Ashanti Brown Regulatory Affairs Specialist 7 Loveton Circle MC:694 Sparks, Maryland 21152

Re: K173873 Trade/Device Name: BD BACTEC Peds Plus/F Culture Vials Soybean-Casein Digest Broth with Resins in a Plastic Vial Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2560 Regulation Name: Microbial growth monitor Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: MDB Dated: December 19, 2017 Received: December 20, 2017

Dear Ashanti Brown:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# For Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K173873

Device Name BD BACTEC™ Peds Plus™/F Culture Vials Soybean-Casein Digest Broth with Resins in a Plastic Vial

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Summary   
BD BACTEC™ Peds Plus™/F Culture Vials Soybean-Casein Digest Broth with Resins in a Plastic Vial   
Summary Preparation Date:

12/11/2017

Submitted by: BD Diagnostic Systems Becton Dickinson and Company 7 LOVETON CIRCLE SPARKS, MD 21152

Contact:   
Ashanti Brown   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Tel: 410-316-4766   
Fax: 410-316-4188   
Email: ashanti.brown@bd.com   
Proprietary Names:   
For the media: BD BACTEC™ Peds Plus™/F Culture Vials Soybean-Casein Digest Broth with Resins in   
a Plastic Vial

Common Names: For the instrument: BD BACTEC™ Instrument System For the media: BD BACTEC™ Peds Plus™/F (in Plastic)

Regulatory Information Regulation section: 21 CFR §866.2560

Classification: Class I

Product Code(s): MDB

# Predicate Device

# BD BACTEC™ Peds Plus™/F Culture Vials Soybean-Casein Digest Broth with Resins (K954927)

# Device Establishment

Becton Dickinson Caribe Ltd. Vicks Drive Lot #6 Cayey, PR 00737 Registration Number: 2647876

# Performance Standards

No performance standards have been developed under Section 514 of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.

# Intended Use of Predicate

BD BACTEC Peds $\mathbf { P l u s ^ { T M } / F }$ culture vials (enriched Soybean-Casein Digest broth with $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ ) are for aerobic blood cultures. Principal use is with the BD BACTEC fluorescent series instruments for the qualitative culture and recovery of aerobic microorganisms (mainly bacteria and yeast) from pediatric and other blood specimens which are generally less than $3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ in volume.

# Device Description

The sample to be tested is inoculated into one or more vials which are inserted into the BD BACTEC fluorescent series instrument for incubation and periodic reading. Each vial contains a chemical sensor which can detect increases in $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ produced by the growth of microorganisms. The sensor’s fluorescence measurement is detected at regular intervals to determine the change in CO2 present in the system. A positive reading indicates the presumptive presence of viable microorganisms in the vial. BD BACTEC Peds $\mathbf { P l u s ^ { T M } / F }$ culture vial detection is limited to microorganisms that will grow in a particular type of medium.

# Analytical Performance

The Analytical Performance inclusive of the antimicrobial neutralization capability study demonstrate substantial equivalence1 of the test device (plastic) to the control device (glass) when inoculated with $3 \mathrm { m L }$ of blood at 0-1, 1-10, and 10-100 CFU; supporting the amendment of the blood volumes listed in the package insert, amending blood volumes on vial labeling, updating language surrounding the Haemophilus species, and removing the Fluconazole limitation listed in current package insert.

# Summary of Analytical Performance

# Instrument Time to Detection

A total of 672 paired sets were evaluated. Of these, 596 paired sets were positive in both the test and control devices. The Wilcoxon estimated median TTD difference for the 596 positive sets was approximately 30 minutes, favoring the test device. There is a statistically detectable difference in the TTD in the test device compared to control device. This median difference in TTD is ${ < } 1 0 \%$ and is therefore determined not clinically relevant.

# Percent Recovery

Of the 672 paired sets evaluated in the Instrument Time to Detection comparison, 492 paired sets (10-100 CFU) were evaluated for Percent Recovery. Both the test and control devices were positive in all of the 492 paired sets. McNemar p-value could not be calculated because there are no recovery failures in the control or test devices. There was no difference from the control.

# Microbial Detection Limit

Of the 672 paired sets evaluated in the Instrument Time to Detection comparison a total of 180 paired sets (0-1, 1-10 CFU) were evaluated for microbial detection limit. Of these, 104 grew and detected in both the test and control devices. Twenty three were positive in the control device only. Nineteen were positive in the test device only. There were thirty-four paired sets that were negative in both the test and control devices. The McNemar chi-square analysis of the data indicates that there was no statistically significant difference in recovery $\scriptstyle ( \mathtt { p } ^ { = } 0 . 6 4 4 )$ between the test and control devices.

# False Negative Rate

There were no false negatives observed in either the control or test device.

# Antimicrobial Neutralization

One drug representative of its class was evaluated at the MIC level for the selected strains to demonstrate equivalent performance of the test device to the control device. There was no statistically significant difference in recovery between the test and control devices observed during this evaluation; because recovery was the same in the test and control devices p-value could not be determined.