# January 26, 2017

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
Angela Drysdale   
VP, Regulatory Affairs - Infectious Disease 10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, Maine 04074

Re: K173932 Trade/Device Name: Alere i Influenza A & B, Alere i Strep A, Alere i RSV, Alere i Influenza A & B 2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OZE, OOI, PGX, OCC Dated: December 21, 2017 Received: December 26, 2017

Dear Angela Drysdale:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kristian M. Roth -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td></td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td>K173932</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">AlereTM i Influenza A &amp; B</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

T Aez&y  n ee s  oua A    l  u m om patints wh ss  ts  eatoy ecion. It tened or u s differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Neativeresult onot precludfla virus iein n should not beuse as the sol bass or igo, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics forifluenza A were established during the 2012-2013 and the 2014-2015infuena seasons when influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { H 3 }$ and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

cter recommended by public health authorites, specimens should be colected with appropriate infection co           al Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

urenocollectionoation tate veraours  nc t  reviewinstructions, search existing dat sources gatherand maintain he data needed ancoplete an reviw the cllectinformationSed coments garding this burden stimate  anyhe of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td></td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td>K173932</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>AlereTi Strep A</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

Aespite-basoecularn oos tilizioherl uc rapid diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterial infections.

A iv u u ulvul Group A Streptococcus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

urenoollctionoaionat veours c time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and complete an review the colectioninformationSend comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td></td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td>K173932</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Alere ™ iRSV</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

Te  t o R sypo  aoy on. It is ien r u s n  n h o  inc $< 1 8$ years and adults ${ \geq } 6 0$ years in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Tburdentimeorhcollection normation  tated averagours p eponecludie time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and coplete an review the colectionforation Send comments egarding this burden stimate r nyother spe of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td></td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K173932</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Alere i Influenza A &amp; B 2</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alere i Influenza A & B 2 assay performed on the Alere i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diagostic test utilizing ansothermal nucleiaiamplification technology for the qualitative detection and discrimination of influenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory iion. It sintende or use s n id inhe ffeental ds ilenzaA n vial ifec humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Naulo  i houlote te ba treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2016-2017 influenza season when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

Ifinection witha nove influeza A virus is suspete base on currt clinical andeidemioogical screi criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection . Vial cultue should not  attempted in cas unles  BSL $^ { 3 + }$ i b specimens.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

urenllctinoatintat veous  nc t  eviewinstructions, search existing dat sources atherand maintain he dat needed ancoplet areview the colectionfoatinSed coments egarding this burden stimat  ayhe se of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: ___________K173932

# SUBMITTER

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359

# PRIMARY CONTACT PERSON

Angela Drysdale (207) 415 – 1393 (Mobile) (207) 730 – 5737 (Office) Angela.drysdale@alere.com (email)

DATE PREPARED 12/21/2017

# TRADE NAME

Alere™ i Influenza A & B Alere™ i Strep A   
Alere™ i RSV   
Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2

# COMMON NAME

Alere™ i Flu, Alere™ i, Alere™ Influenza A & B Alere™ i Strep, Alere™ Strep A Alere™ i RSV, Alere™ i Flu 2, Alere™ Influenza A & B 2

# CLASSIFICATION NAME

Respiratory Viral Pan Multiplex Nucleic Acid System (per 21 CFR 866.3980) Streptococcus spp Nucleic Acid-Based Assay (per 21 CFR 866.2680) Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems (per 21 CFR 862.2570)

CLASSIFICATION Class II

PRODUCT CODE OCC, OZE, OOI PGX, OOI

# PANEL

Microbiology (83)

# PREDICATE DEVICE

Alere™ i Influenza A & B, K163266   
Alere™ i Strep A, K151690   
Alere™ i RSV, K161375   
Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2, K171792

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Alere™ i Influenza A & B is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B from nasal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swab specimens eluted in viral transport media collected from patients presenting with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

Alere™ i Strep A is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection of Group A Strep from throat swab specimens.

Alere™ i RSV is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA from direct nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and NPS eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A and influenza B from nasal swab or nasopharyngeal swabs tested directly or after elution in viral transport media collected from patients presenting with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

All Alere™ i assays utilize isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology and are comprised of:

Sample Receiver – single use, disposable containing the elution buffer Test Base – single use, disposable comprising two sealed reaction tubes, each containing a lyophilized pellet  Transfer Cartridge – single use, disposable for transfer of the eluted sample to the Test Base, and  Alere™ i Instrument – repeat use reader

The reaction tubes in the Alere™ i Influenza A & B and Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 Test Base contain the reagents required for amplification of the target nucleic acid and an internal control. Alere™ i Influenza A & B utilizes a pair of templates (similar to primers) for the specific amplification of RNA from influenza A and B and a fluorescently labeled molecular beacon designed to specifically identify the amplified RNA targets.

The reaction tubes in the Alere™ i Strep A Test Base contain the reagents required for Group A Strep bacterial lysis and the subsequent amplification of the target nucleic acid and an internal control. Alere™ i Strep A utilizes a pair of templates (similar to primers) for the specific amplification of DNA from Group A Strep and a fluorescently labeled molecular beacon designed to specifically identify the amplified nucleic acid target.

The reaction tubes in the Alere™ i RSV Test Base contain the reagents required for amplification of the target nucleic acid and an internal control. Alere™ i RSV utilizes a pair of templates (similar to primers) for the specific amplification of RNA from RSV A and B and a fluorescently labeled molecular beacon designed to specifically identify the amplified RNA targets.

All Alere™ i assays are performed within the confinement of the Test Base, and no other part of the Alere™ i Instrument has contact with the sample during the amplification process. This reduces the risk of instrument contamination and sample carry-over between measurements.

To perform the assay, the Sample Receiver and Test Base are inserted into the Alere™ i Instrument and the elution buffer is automatically heated by the instrument. The sample is added to the Sample Receiver and transferred via the Transfer Cartridge to the Test Base, resuspending the lyophilized pellets contained within the Test Base and initiating bacterial lysis (for Alere™ i Strep A) and target amplification. Heating, mixing and detection by fluorescence is provided by the instrument, with results automatically reported.

Results are displayed by the Alere™ i Instrument and are also stored in an on-board archive and are assigned to a sample ID that has been entered into the Alere™ i Instrument by the operator, and the date/time the test was performed. Data can be retrieved and downloaded by the operator at any time after testing. An external Alere™ Universal Printer can be attached via USB to the Alere™ i Instrument to print test results.

# INTENDED USE

The Alere™ i Influenza A & B assay performed on the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection and discrimination of influenza A and B viral RNA in nasal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2012-2013 and the 2014-2015 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Alere™ i Strep A is a rapid, instrument-based, molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes, Group A Streptococcus bacterial nucleic acid in throat swab specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis. It is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterial infections.

All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude infection with Group A Streptococcus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.

The Alere™ i RSV assay performed on the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleic amplification technology for the qualitative detection of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA in direct nasopharyngeal swabs and nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of RSV in children $< 1 8$ years and adults $\ge 6 0$ years in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

The Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 assay performed on the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection and discrimination of influenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs and nasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transport media from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. It is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections in humans in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors. The assay is not intended to detect the presence of influenza C virus.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis fo diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2016-2017 influenza season when influenza A/H3 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# COMPARISON TO THE PREDICATE

The purpose of this Special 510k submission is to bring to market a modification of the software contained on the Alere™ i Instrument. A modification of the Alere™ i Influenza A & B, Alere™ i Strep A, Alere™ i RSV, and Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 algorithm was made to mitigate issues with false invalid results due to baseline values that are lower than allowed by the algorithm and incorrectly identified as Empty Tube Values. This is an algorithm update only, there have been no changes made to the chemistry of the assays.

Alere™ i Influenza A & B incorporating the software modification was compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the 510(k) cleared Alere™ i Influenza A & B test.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B(with software modification)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B(K163266)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC,OZE, 0OI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B assay performed onthe Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular invitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermalnucleic acid amplification technology for thequalitative detection and discrimination of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(K165266)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">influenza A and B viral RNA in nasal swabs andnasal or nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viraltransport media from patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratory infection. It is intendedfor use as an aid in the differential diagnosis ofinfluenza A and B viral infections in humans inconjunction with clinical and epidemiological riskfactors. The assay is not intended to detect thepresence of influenza C virus.Negative results do not preclude influenza virusinfection and should not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatment or other patientmanagement decisions.Performance characteristics for influenza A wereestablished during the 2012-2013 and the 2014-2015 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3 andA/H1N1 pandemic were the predominantinfluenza A viruses in circulation. When otherinfluenza A viruses are emerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteria recommendedby public health authorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulent Influenza virusesand sent to state or local health department fortesting. Viral culture should not be attempted inthese cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Environmentfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use, in a medical laboratory or pointof care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal Swab and Nasal or Nasopharyngeal SwabsEluted in Viral Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Viral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PB2 segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B Viral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal nucleic acid amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 15 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Alere™ i Strep A incorporating the software modification was compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the 510(k) cleared Alere™ i Strep A test.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Strep A(with software modification)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Strep A(K151690)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PGX, OOI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Strep A is a rapid, instrument-based,molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizingisothermal nucleic acid amplification technologyfor the qualitative detection of Streptococcuspyogenes, Group A Streptococcus bacterialnucleic acid in throat swab specimens obtainedfrom patients with signs and symptoms ofpharyngitis. It is intended to aid in the rapiddiagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterialinfections.All negative test results should be confirmed bybacterial culture because negative results do notpreclude infection with Group A Streptococcusand should not be used as the sole basis fortreatment.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Environmentfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional use, in a medical laboratory or pointof care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™ i Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Streptococcus (Streptococcuspyogenes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isothermal nucleic acid amplification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 8 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Alere™ i RSV incorporating the software modification was compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the 510(k) cleared Alere™ i RSV test.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i RSV(with software modification)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i RSV(K161375)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC, OOI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alere™ i RSV assay performed on theAlere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular invitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermalnucleicamplificationtechnology for the</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qualitative detection of respiratory syncytialvirus   (RSV)   viral   RNA  in  directnasopharyngeal swabs and nasopharyngealswabs eluted in viral transport media frompatients with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection. It is intended for use asan aid in the diagnosis of RSV in children &lt;18years and adults ≥60 years in conjunctionwith clinical and epidemiological risk factors.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Environmentfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional us, in a medical laboratory orpoint-of-care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal Swab, Nasopharyngeal Swabeluted in Viral Transport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NS2 gene and nucleopcapsid gene N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal nucleic acid amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 13 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 incorporating the software modification was compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the 510(k) cleared Alere™ i Influenza A & B 2 test.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B 2(with software modification)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B 2(K163266)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC,OZE, OOI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A, Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alere™ i Influenza A &amp; B 2 assay performedon the Alere™ i Instrument is a rapid molecular invitro diagnostic test utilizing an isothermalnucleic acid amplification technology for thequalitative detection and discrimination ofinfluenza A and B viral RNA in direct nasal ornasopharyngeal swabs and nasalnasopharyngeal swabs eluted in viral transportmedia from patients with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection. It is intended for use as anaid in the differential diagnosis of influenza Aand B viral infections in humans in conjunctionwith clinical and epidemiological risk factors. Theassay is not intended to detect the presence ofinfluenza C virus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative results do not preclude influenza virusinfection and should not be used as the solebasis for diagnosis, treatment or other patientmanagement decisions.Performance characteristics for influenza A wereestablished during the 2012-2013 and the 2014-2015 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3 andA/H1N1 pandemic were the predominantinfluenza A viruses in circulation. When otherinfluenza A viruses are emerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological screening criteria recommendedby public health authorities, specimens should becollected with appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulent Influenza virusesand sent to state or local health department fortesting. Viral culture should not be attempted inthese cases unless a BSL 3 + facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Environmentfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use, in a medical laboratory or pointof care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal Swab, Nasal Swab and Nasal orNasopharyngeal Swabs Eluted in Viral TransportMedia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A Viral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PB2 segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B Viral Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA segment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal nucleic acid amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 15 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>