Techlab, Inc.   
Donna Link   
Director Regulatory and Compliance 2001 Kraft Drive   
Blacksburg, Virginia 24060

Re: K173217 Trade/Device Name: Campylobacter Quik Chek Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3110 Regulation Name: Campylobacter fetus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: LQP Dated: September 29, 2017 Received: October 25, 2017

Dear Donna Link:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K173217

Device Name CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test is a rapid membrane enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for the qualitative detection of a Campylobacter-specific antigen in human fecal specimens. The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test is designed to detect C. jejuni and C. coli from patients with signs and symptoms of gastroenteritis. The test is intended for use with preserved fecal specimens in transport media and unpreserved fecal specimens. Test results should be considered in conjunction with clinical findings and patient history.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of ${ \pmb 5 } 1 { \pmb 0 } ( { \pmb k } )$ safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# Applicant/Contact Information:

Date Prepared:   
Name:   
Address: January 22, 2018   
TECHLAB, Inc.   
2001 Kraft Drive   
Corporate Research Center Blacksburg, VA 24060 USA

Contact Person: Phone Number: Email:

Donna T. Link 540-953-1664 dlink@techlab.com

# 1.1 Manufacturing Facility Address

TECHLAB, Inc. 20 Corporate Drive Radford, VA 24141 USA

1.2 Product and Trade Name of the Device

CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™

1.3

Common Name or Classification Name

Campylobacter spp. detection test

1.4 Classification and Regulation

Class I 21 CFR 866.3110; Campylobacter fetus serological reagents

1.5

Product Code LQP – Campylobacter spp.

Panel 83 Microbiology

# 1.7 Reason for Premarket Notification

The development of a new rapid membrane enzyme immunoassay for the qualitative detection of Campylobacter spp. in a single use cassette.

The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test is a rapid membrane enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for the qualitative detection of a Campylobacter-specific antigen in human fecal specimens. The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test is designed to detect C. jejuni and C. coli from patients with signs and symptoms of gastroenteritis. The test is intended for use with preserved fecal specimens in transport media and unpreserved fecal specimens. Test results should be considered in conjunction with clinical findings and patient history.

# Explanation

Worldwide, Campylobacter species are the most common cause of bacterial gastroenteritis, with 400-500 million cases of diarrhea each year. Infants in developing countries are at even greater risk, as are travelers to those countries. Campylobacter–associated gastroenteritis is estimated to affect nearly 1 million people a year in the USA. In approximately 1 of 1000 cases, Campylobacter jejuni is closely linked to the subsequent development of Guillian-Barre Syndrome, an acute auto-immune paralysis. C. jejuni infection has also been associated with reactive arthritis in both children and adults. When individuals with severe symptoms of gastroenteritis seek medical help, the clinician is faced with multiple possible causes that can present with similar clinical features (e.g., diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, fever, abdominal pain) but that require very different, often conflicting, types of treatment.

For Campylobacter, the current standard for identification is bacterial culture followed by microscopic examination of the organisms. Although this traditional method is straightforward, it has two major limitations. First, pathogenic species of Campylobacter are microaerophilic or strictly anaerobic, so that exposure of culture or feces to environmental oxygen leads to death or inactivation of the bacteria. Thus, during transport or storage of specimens under aerobic conditions, the number of viable organisms can decrease, leading to potentially inaccurate culture results. Second, Campylobacter species are slow-growing, requiring from 48-72 hours before reaching a point where the culture can safely be reported as negative. Such delays can leave the clinician in a quandary and the patient with non-specific, ineffective, or even inappropriate treatment.

The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test allows detection of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli, the species most commonly associated with human disease, in less than 30 minutes. Furthermore, the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test does not rely on bacterial viability, and can be performed on the bench-top with samples that have been exposed to air.

# Device Description

The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test uses antibodies that recognize a Campylobacterspecific antigen in human fecal samples. The device contains a Reaction Window with two vertical lines of immobilized antibodies. The test line (“T”) contains antibodies against a Campylobacterspecific antigen. The control line $( " C " )$ , contains anti-IgG antibodies. The Conjugate consists of antibodies to a Campylobacter-specific antigen coupled to horseradish peroxidase. To perform the test, a fecal specimen is added to a tube containing a mixture of Diluent and Conjugate. The diluted sample-conjugate mixture is added to the Sample Well and the device is allowed to incubate at room temperature for 15 minutes. During the incubation, the Campylobacter-specific antigens in the sample bind to the antibody-peroxidase conjugate. The antigen-antibody complexes migrate through a filter pad to a membrane where they are captured by the immobilized anti-Campylobacter antibodies in the line. The Reaction Window is subsequently washed with Wash Buffer, followed by the addition of Substrate. After a 10-minute incubation, the “T” reaction is examined visually for the appearance of a vertical blue line. A blue line indicates a positive test. A positive “C” reaction, indicated by a vertical blue line, monitors/confirms that the sample and reagents were added correctly, the reagents were active at the time of performing the assay, and that the sample migrated properly through the

Membrane Device. It also confirms the reactivity of the other reagents associated with the assay and that the results are valid.

# Materials Provided

Membrane Devices – 25, each pouch contains 1 device   
Conjugate $( 2 . 5 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ ) – Antibody to a Campylobacter-specific antigen coupled to horseradish   
peroxidase in a buffered protein solution   
Diluent $( 2 2 ~ \mathrm { m L } )$ ) – Buffered protein solution with graduated dropper assembly   
Positive Control (2 mL) – Campylobacter-specific antigen in a buffered protein solution   
Wash Buffer ( $1 2 m L$ ) – Buffered solution with graduated dropper assembly   
Substrate (3.5 mL) – Solution containing tetramethylbenzidine   
Disposable plastic transfer pipettes – graduated at $2 5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ , 100 µL, 200 µL, 300 µL, 400 µL   
and 500 µL

The predicate device (ImmunoCard STAT!® CAMPY) and the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test both detect Campylobacter spp. (C. jejuni and C. coli) in fecal specimens and are substantially equivalent in principle. The following table shows a comparison of both devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceK173217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateK090700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™Mtest is a rapid membrane enzyme-linkedimmunosorbent assay for the qualitativedetection of a Campylobacter-specificantigen in human fecal specimens. TheCAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK test isdesigned to detect C. jejuni and C. colifrom patients with symptoms ofgastroenteritis. The test is intended foruse with unpreserved human fecalspecimens and fecal specimens that arein transport media. Test results shouldbe considered in conjunction with clinicalfindings and patient history.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoCard STAT! CAMPY is animmunochromatographic rapid test forthe qualitative detection of specificCampylobacter antigens in humanstool. ImmunoCard STAT! CAMPYdetects C. jejuni and C. coli in humanstool, where stool may be eitherunpreserved or preserved in Cary-Blair-based transport media. Testresults are to be used in conjunctionwith information available from thepatient clinical evaluation and otherdiagnostic procedures.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of Campylobacter-specificantigens (C. jejuni and C. coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of Campylobacter-specificantigens (C. jejuni and C. coli)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative control included inthe kit Internal &quot;C&quot; Control line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Membrane Cassette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Persons suspected of havingCampylobacter infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated (2° - 8°C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

There are no differences between the subject device and the predicate(s) with respect to indications and intended use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceK173217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateK090700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal specimens in Cary-Blair andC&amp;S Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal specimens in Cary-Blair Transport Media</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 25 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal/Polyclonal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal/Monoclonal</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

# Prospective Study

The performance of the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test was evaluated at 4 independent sites. Prospective incoming fecal specimens were collected and tested by culture and the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test. The following table shows a summary of the clinical performance of the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test for all 4 sites combined. The results of the study show that the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test exhibited a sensitivity of $9 7 . 1 \%$ , and a specificity of $9 9 . 1 \%$ with culture.

# Age and Gender Distribution

Age information was available for 1552 patients. The ages ranged from less than 1 year to 100 years. Of the 1552 patients, $1 5 . 7 \%$ were ≤ 18 years. The gender identification was $3 8 . 7 \%$ females and $6 1 . 3 \%$ males. No difference in test performance was observed based on patient age or gender.

CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test versus Culture   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 1552</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™MPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™MNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1504</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.5% - 99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5% - 99.5%</td></tr></table>

The 14 discrepant specimens were further characterized by additional testing at TECHLAB. This testing included an FDA-cleared commercial Microassay well EIA, an FDA-cleared commercial molecular test, inhouse PCR (detecting the 16s rRNA gene of Campylobacter spp., and species-specific identification), and bidirectional sequencing.

Nine of the 13 specimens that were culture negative and CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test positive were confirmed to be positive for C. jejuni with all test methods.

Two of the 13 specimens that were culture negative and CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test positive were confirmed to be positive with the commercial EIA, in-house PCR, and bidirectional sequencing.

One of the 13 specimens that was culture negative and CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test positive was confirmed to be positive with an FDA-cleared commercial molecular test, in-house PCR and bidirectional sequencing.

One specimen that was culture negative and CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test positive was confirmed to be positive for C. upsaliensis (an important pathogen) by species-specific PCR and sequencing.

\*\*The one specimen that was culture positive and CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test negative was confirmed to be negative for C. jejuni or C. coli with all test methods.

# Retrospective Study

Supplemental testing was performed on 30 retrospective positive specimens. The patient ages ranged from less than 11 months to 74 years. All retrospective specimens were Campylobacter spp. culture positive and were further characterized as Campylobacter spp. positive by an FDA-cleared commercial Microassay well EIA, an FDA-cleared commercial molecular test, in-house PCR (detecting the 16s rRNA gene of Campylobacter spp., and species-specific identification), and bidirectional sequencing. These specimens were then tested in the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test. All 30 specimens tested positive for Campylobacter spp. by all methods, yielding $100 \%$ correlation with all test methods.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test was determined using 8 fecal specimens that were coded to prevent their identification during testing. Testing was performed at 2 independent laboratories and on-site at TECHLAB, Inc. The samples included 2 negative samples, 2 high negative samples, 2 low positive samples and 2 moderate positive samples. The samples were tested in triplicate twice a day over a 5-day period by multiple technicians at each site using 2 different kit lots. A positive and negative control was run with each panel of the masked samples. The results from each laboratory were submitted to TECHLAB, Inc. and compared with in-house results. The results were consistent among the different locations, and exhibited a correlation of $100 \%$ . The samples produced the expected results $100 \%$ of the time.

# Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity of the test was determined by using C. jejuni and C. coli whole organism culture preparations in a sample matrix. The concentration of C. jejuni and C. coli organisms in fecal matrix at which specimens are positive by the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test $9 5 \%$ of the time is the assay Limit of Detection (LoD).

The Limit of Detection (LoD) for the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test with raw fecal samples was established at $8 . 3 9 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ (1271 CFU/test) for C. jejuni. For specimens in Protocol™ Cary Blair media, the LoD was established at $1 . 7 8 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ CFU/mL (2781 CFU/test) for C. jejuni. For specimens in Protocol™ C&S media, the LoD was established at $7 . 2 5 \times$ 104 CFU/mL (1133 CFU/test) for C. jejuni.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) for the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test with raw fecal samples was established at $7 . 7 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ (11667 CFU/test) for C. coli. For specimens in Protocol™ Cary Blair media, the LoD was established at $2 . 2 2 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL (34688 CFU/test) for C. coli. For specimens in Protocol™ C&S media, the LoD was established at $1 . 5 6 \times$ $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL (24375 CFU/test) for C. coli.

# Analytical Specificity (Cross Reactivity)

The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test was evaluated for cross-reactivity with common intestinal organisms and viruses listed below. None of the organisms or viruses were shown to interfere with the performance of the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test.

Acinetobacter baumannii   
Bacillus subtilis   
Campylobacter fetus   
Clostridium bifermentans   
Edwardsiella tarda   
Escherichia coli   
Escherichia coli ETEC   
Escherichia coli O157:H7 (toxigenic)   
Helicobacter pylori   
Lactococcus lactis   
Plesiomonas shigelloides   
Proteus vulgaris   
Salmonella enterica typhimurium   
Shigella flexneri   
Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan’s)   
Vibrio parahaemolyticus   
Aeromonas hydrophila Bacillus cereus   
Bacteroides fragilis Campylobacter concisus   
Candida albicans Citrobacter freundii   
Clostridium difficile Clostridium perfringens   
Enterobacter cloacae Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli EIEC Escherichia coli EPEC   
Escherichia coli O157:H7 (non-toxigenic)   
Escherichia fergusonii Escherichia hermanii   
Klebsiella pneumoniae Lactobacillus acidophilus   
Listeria monocytogenes Peptostreptococcus anaerobius   
Porphyromonas asaccharolytica Prevotella melaninogenica   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa Pseudomonas fluorescens   
Serratia marcescens Shigella dysenteriae   
Shigella sonnei Staphylococcus aureus   
Streptococcus agalactiae Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Yersinia enterocolitica   
Human Coronavirus Coxsackievirus B2, B3, B4, B5

Adenovirus Type 1, 2, 3, 5, 40, 41 Echovirus 9, 11, 18, 22, 33 Human Rotavirus

Enterovirus 68, 69, 70, 71

Norovirus

Campylobacter species that were shown to be reactive with the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test. C. helveticus (strain 54661) was found to be positive at $3 . 0 8 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL ( $4 \times$ LoD of C. coli) C. lari (strain 23947) was found to be positive at $3 . 0 8 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ ( $4 \times$ LoD of C. coli) C. upsaliensis (strain 14913) was found to be positive at $1 . 5 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL (2 x LoD of C. coli)

# Inclusivity Study

The specificity of the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test was evaluated using several strains of Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli. All strains listed generated positive results when tested.

C. coli strains: 11283, 10956, 17755, 36994, 53138   
C. jejuni sub-species jejuni strains: 11284, 6951, 12081, 29411, 38106   
C. jejuni sub-species doylei strain: 24567

# Interfering Substances (U.S. Formulation)

The following substances had no effect on positive or negative CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test results analyzed at the concentrations indicated:   
Barium sulfate $( 5 \% \ w / \nu )$ , Benzalkonium Chloride $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Ciprofloxacin $( 0 . 2 5 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ , Ethanol ( $1 \%$ w/v), Hog gastric mucin $( 3 . 5 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ , Human blood $( 4 0 \% \lor / \lor )$ , Hydrocortisone $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Imodium® $5 \%$ $\mathsf { v } / \mathsf { v } )$ , Kaopectate® $( 5 \% \lor / \lor )$ , Leukocytes $( 0 . 0 5 \% \mathrm { w } / \mathrm { v } )$ , Maalox® Advanced $( 5 \% \lor / \lor )$ , Mesalazine ( $10 \%$ w/v), Metronidazole $( 0 . 2 5 \%$ w/v), Mineral Oil ( $10 \%$ w/v), Mylanta® $( 4 . 2 \ : \mathrm { m g / m L }$ ), Naproxen Sodium $( 5 \%$ w/v), Nonoxynol-9 $4 0 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } ,$ ), Nystatin $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Palmitic Acid/Fecal Fat ( $40 \%$ w/v), Pepto-Bismol® $( 5 \% \lor / \lor )$ , Phenylephrine $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Polyethylene glycol 3350 ( $10 \%$ w/v ), Prilosec $\ O \mathsf { T C } ^ { \otimes }$ $( 5 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L } )$ , Sennosides $( 1 \% \mathsf w / \mathsf v )$ , Simethicone $( 1 0 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ , Steric Acid/Fecal Fat $( 4 0 \% \ w / \nu )$ , Tagamet® $( 5 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L } )$ , TUMS® $\mathsf { \Pi } ^ { \prime } 5 0 \mu \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { L } )$ , Human Urine $( 5 \% \lor / \lor )$ , and Vancomycin $( 0 . 2 5 \%$ w/v).

# Prozone

To ensure that a high concentration of Campylobacter antigen does not interfere with a positive reaction in the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test, high positive samples were prepared by spiking a negative fecal pool at a concentration possibly observed in clinical specimens. A total of 5 different dilutions of C. jejuni and C. coli whole organism culture preparation, up to and including the clinically observed high concentration, were prepared and tested in triplicate. The results demonstrated that there was no overall prozone effect, that elevated levels of antigen did not affect the detection of the antigen.

# CONCLUSION

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical and clinical tests demonstrate that the CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK™ test is as safe and as effective and performs as well or better than standard culture, and is equivalent to the predicate device in performance. The information submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.