Alere Scarborough, Inc. Danielle Briggeman Regulatory Affairs Specialist 10 Southgate Road Scarborough, Maine 04074

Re: K173653 Trade/Device Name: Alere i Strep A 2, Alere i instrument, Alere i Strep A 2 Control Swab Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. nucleic acid-based assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PGX, OOI Dated: November 21, 2017 Received: November 28, 2017

Dear Danielle Briggeman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S F

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K173653

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K173653

# SUBMITTER

Alere Scarborough, Inc.   
10 Southgate Road   
Scarborough, ME 04074   
Establishment Registration Number: 1221359

# PRIMARY CONTACT PERSON

Danielle Briggeman   
(207) 730-5750, ext 65925 (Office)   
(207) 730-5767 (FAX)   
Danielle.briggeman@alere.com (email)

# SECONDARY CONTACT PERSON

Angela Drysdale (207) 415-1393 (Office) (207) 730-5767 (FAX) angela.drysdale@alere.com (email)

DATE PREPARED May 1, 2018

TRADE NAME   
Alere™ i Strep A 2   
Alere™ i Instrument   
Alere™ i Strep A 2 Control Swab Kit

COMMON NAME Alere™ i Strep 2, Alere™ i

CLASSIFICATION NAME 21 CFR 866.2680 – Streptococcus spp. Nucleic Acid-Based Assay

CLASSIFICATION Class II

PRODUCT CODES PGX, OOI

PANEL Microbiology (83)

PREDICATE DEVICE Alere i Strep A, K141757

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Alere™ i Strep A 2 is a rapid, instrument-based isothermal test for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes Group A Strep from throat swab specimens. The Alere™ i Strep A 2 System utilizes isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology and is comprised of:

Sample Receiver – single use, disposable containing the elution buffer   
Test Base – single use, disposable comprising two sealed reaction tubes, each containing a lyophilized pellet   
Transfer Cartridge – single use, disposable for transfer of the eluted sample to the Test Base, and   
Alere™ i Instrument – repeat use reader

The reaction tubes in the Test Base contain the reagents required for Streptococcus pyogenes Group A Strep bacterial lysis and the subsequent amplification of the target nucleic acid and an internal control. Alere™ i Strep A 2 utilizes a pair of templates (similar to primers) for the specific amplification of DNA from Streptococcus pyogenes, Group A Strep and fluorescently labeled molecular beacons designed to specifically identify the amplified nucleic acid targets. Alere™ i Strep A 2 is performed within the confinement of the Test Base, and no other part of the Alere™ i Instrument has contact with the sample during the amplification process. This reduces the risk of instrument contamination and sample carry-over between measurements.

To perform the assay, the Sample Receiver and Test Base are inserted into the Alere™ i Instrument. The sample is added to the Sample Receiver and transferred via the Transfer Cartridge to the Test Base, resuspending the lyophilized pellets contained within the Test Base and initiating bacterial lysis and target amplification. Heating, mixing and detection by fluorescence is provided by the instrument, with results automatically reported.

Results are displayed by the Alere™ i Instrument and are also stored in an on-board archive and are assigned to a sample ID that has been entered into the Alere™ i Instrument by the operator, and the date/time the test was performed. Data can be retrieved and downloaded by the operator at any time after testing. An external Alere™ Universal Printer can be attached via USB to the Alere™ i Instrument to print test results.

# INTENDED USE

Alere™ i Strep A 2 is a rapid, instrument-based, molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing isothermal nucleic acid amplification technology for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes, Group A Streptococcus bacterial nucleic acid in throat swab specimens obtained from patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis. It is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of Group A Strep bacterial infections.

# TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

Alere™ i Strep A 2 and the predicate device, Alere™ i Strep A, have the same intended use, indications for use, and utilize similar basic principles of operation. They are both molecular tests for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes, Group A Strep nucleic acid.

# DEVICE COMPARISON

Alere™ i Strep A 2 was compared to the legally marketed predicate device, the Alere™ i Strep A assay.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Strep A 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere ™ i Strep A (K141757)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PGX, 00I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Strep A 2 is a rapid,instrument-based, molecular in vitrodiagnostic test utilizing isothermalnucleic acid amplification technologyfor the qualitative detection ofStreptococcus pyogenes, Group AStreptococcus bacterial nucleic acid inthroat swab specimens obtained from</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere i Strep A is a rapid, instrument-based,molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizingisothermal nucleic acid amplificationtechnology for the qualitative detection ofStreptococcus pyogenes, Group A Streptococcusbacterial nucleic acid in throat swab specimensobtained from patients with signs andsymptoms of pharyngitis. It is intended to aidin the rapid diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">patients with signs and symptoms ofpharyngitis. It is intended to aid in therapid diagnosis of Group AStreptococcus bacterial infections.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bacterial infections. All negative test resultsshould be confirmed by bacterial culturebecause negative results do not precludeinfection with Group A Streptococcus andshould not be used as the sole basis fortreatment.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Environment forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use, in a medicallaboratory or point-of-care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere™ i Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-Contained System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated PC, Software and TouchScreen Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semi-Automated Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparation, amplification,detection and result interpretation areautomated; sample transfer isperformed manually</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isothermal nucleic acid amplificationfor detecting the presence/absence ofbacterial DNA in clinical specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 6 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 8 minutes</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

CLINICAL STUDY

The clinical performance of Alere™ i Strep A 2 was established in a multi-center, prospective clinical study conducted at nine (9) US trial sites in 2017.

A total of 981 evaluable throat swab specimens, collected from patients of all ages presenting with symptoms o pharyngitis, were evaluated with Alere™ i Strep A 2, in comparison to bacterial culture.

The study population included 582 $( 5 9 . 3 \% )$ female patients and 399 $( 4 0 . 7 \% )$ male patients. No performanc differences were noted based on age.

In this study, two (2) throat swabs were collected from each of a total of 981 evaluable patients. One throat swab from each patient was tested with Alere™ i Strep A 2. The other throat swab was sent to a central laboratory for bacterial culture.

Alere™ i Strep A 2 performance, including $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals, versus bacterial culture is provided below.

# Alere™ i Strep A 2 Performance vs. Culture (All Age Groups Combined)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alere™i +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlereT i -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>734</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>783</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>981</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity: $1 9 5 / 1 9 8 = 9 8 . 5 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 5 . 6 \% ,$ $9 9 . 5 \%$ ) Specificity: $7 3 1 / 7 8 3 = 9 3 . 4 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathsf { C I } = 9 1 . 4 \% ,$ $9 4 . 9 \% )$ Positive Predictive Value: $1 9 5 / 2 4 7 = 7 8 . 9 \%$ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 7 4 . 3 \% , 8 3 . 6 \% )$ Negative Predictive Value: $7 3 1 / 7 3 4 = 9 9 . 6 $ $( 9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 9 8 . 3 \% , 9 9 . 9 \% )$ Prevalence: $1 9 8 / 9 8 1 = 2 0 . 2 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } = 1 7 . 8 \% , 2 2 . 8 \% )$

a Of the 52 samples positive by Alere™ i Strep A 2 and negative by bacterial culture, 38 were also positive for Group A Strep by a laboratory developed real-time PCR assay and

b of the 3 samples negative by Alere™ i Strep A 2 and positive by bacterial culture, 1 sample was also negative for Group A Strep by a laboratory developed real-time PCR assay.

During the prospective clinical study, the initial invalid rate (before repeat testing per the product instructions) was $0 . 9 \%$ (9/985) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 5 \%$ , $1 . 7 \%$ ). After repeat testing per the product instructions, the invalid rate was $0 . 4 \%$ (4/985) ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 2 \%$ , $1 . 0 \%$ ).

# ANALYTICAL STUDIES

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY

Alere™ i Strep A 2 limit of detection (LOD or $\mathrm { C } { 9 5 } \mathrm { \overline { { \it { i } } } }$ ), defined as the concentration of Group A Strep that produces positive Alere™ i Strep A 2 results approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time, was identified by evaluating different concentrations of Group A Strep in Alere™ i Strep A 2. The concentrations identified as the LOD (or C95) level for each strain tested are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A Strep Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(cells/mL of Elution Buffer) 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

1 As determined by correlation of optical density of cell stocks with microscopy chamber counts

# REACTIVITY TESTING

The following Group A Strep strains were tested and produced positive reactions at or near the stated assay limit of detection of the Alere™ i Strep A 2 test: ATCC8135, ATCC12384, ATCC12202, ATCC12203, ATCC12204, ATCC12365, ATCC14289, ATCC49399, ATCC51339, ATCC700294, ATCC12357, ATCC12385 Loomis, ATCC 12385 Type 4, and Z018.

# ANALYTICAL SPECIFICITY (CROSS-REACTIVITY)

To determine the analytical specificity of Alere™ i Strep A 2, thirty-four (34) commensal and pathogenic microorganisms (33 bacteria and 1 yeast) that may be present in the throat were tested. All of the following microorganisms and yeast produced negative when tested at a minimum concentration of $2 . 0 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { c e l l s / m L }$ of elution buffer.

# Bacteria

Arcanobacterium haemolyticum

Yeast Candida albicans

Bacillus cereus   
Bordetella pertussis   
Burkholderia cepacia   
Campylobacter rectus   
Corynebacterium diphtheriae   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli   
Fusobacterium necrophorum   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus acidophilus   
Moraxella catarrhalis   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Peptostreptococcaceae   
Prevotella oralis   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus anginosus   
Streptococcus canis   
Streptococcus constellatus subsp. pharyngis   
Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp equisimilis   
Streptococcus gallolyticus   
Streptococcus intermedius   
Streptococcus mitis   
Streptococcus mutans   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus salivarius   
Streptococcus sanguinis   
Treponema denticola   
Veillonella parvula

In addition, in silico analysis was performed to determine whether there is any significant homology between Alere™ i Strep A 2 target nucleic acid sequence and the genomes of the following upper respiratory tract microorganism. None of the organisms maintained genomic sequence that was significantly similar to the Alere™ i Strep A 2 target sequences.

# Bacteria

# Viruses

Candida spp.   
Enterococcus spp.   
Klebsiella spp.   
Lactococcus lactis   
Legionella spp.   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Pseudomonas spp.   
Saccharomyces cerevisiae   
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia   
Adenovirus Type 1   
Adenovirus Type 7   
Human influenza virus A   
Human influenza virus B   
Human parainfluenza   
Human metapneumovirus   
Respiratory syncytial virus Type B   
Rhinovirus

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The following substances, naturally present in throat swab specimens or that may be artificially introduced into the throat, were evaluated with Alere™ i Strep A 2 at the concentrations listed below and were found not to affect test performance.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% (w/v) 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Saliva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0% (v/v) 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine HCL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepacol® Sore Throat Lozenges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sucrets® Sore Throat &amp; Cough</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Halls Plus®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT® Total Care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepacol® Mouthwash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listerine® Antiseptic Mouthwash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v) 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crest® Complete Multi-Benefit Whitening + Deep Clean Toothpaste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam® Oral Mist</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloraseptic® Max Sore Throat Relief + Coating Action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Cold &amp; Flu Tablets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Robitussin® Maximum Strength Nighttime Cough DM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tylenol® Cold Multi-Symptom Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Children&#x27;s Dimetapp® Cough &amp; Cold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20% (v/v)</td></tr></table>

1 1/3 replicates at $2 \% \mathrm { w / v }$ mucin produced a false-negative result 2 1/3 replicates at $1 0 \% \mathrm { v / v }$ saliva produced a false-negative result 3 1/3 replicates at $2 0 \% \mathrm { v / v }$ Listerine Antiseptic Mouthwash produced a false-positive result

# REPRODUCIBILITY

A reproducibility study of Alere™ i Strep A 2 was conducted by operators from 3 sites using panels of blind coded specimens containing negative, low positive $_ { \cdot \sim 2 \mathrm { X } }$ the limit of detection), and moderate positive $[ \sim 3 \mathrm { X }$ the limit of detection) Group A Strep bacterial samples. Participants tested multiple samples of each panel member on 5 different days. The percent agreement with expected results for the Group A Strep moderate positive and low positive samples were both $1 0 0 \%$ (90/90). All of the negative samples (90) generated negative test results. There were no significant differences within run (replicates tested by one operator), between run (five different days), between sites (three sites), or between operators (nine operators).

# CONCLUSION

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.