Cepheid   
Jim Kelly   
Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, California 94089

Re: K173263 Trade/Device Name: Xpert Carba-R Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: POC, PMY, OOI Dated: October 10, 2017 Received: October 12, 2017

Dear Jim Kelly:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) K173263</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name Xpert Carba-R Assay</td></tr></table>

The Xpert® Carba-R Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed for the detection and differentiation of the $b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } }$ , blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48, and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences associated with carbapenem-non-susceptibility. The test utilizes automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

The Xpert Carba-R Assay is intended as an aid to infection control in the detection of carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria that colonize patients in healthcare settings. A negative Xpert Carba-R Assay result does not preclude the presence of other resistance mechanisms.

The Xpert Carba R-Assay is for use with the following sample types:

# Pure Colonies

The assay is performed on carbapenem-non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, when grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. For testing pure colonies, the Xpert Carba-R Assay should be used in conjunction with other laboratory tests including phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

The identification of a $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ , $b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } }$ , or $b l a _ { \mathrm { V I M } }$ metallo-beta-lactamase gene (i.e., the genes that encode the IMP, NDM, and VIM metallo-beta-lactamases, respectively) may be used as an aid to clinicians in determining appropriate therapeutic strategies for patients with known or suspected carbapenem-non- susceptible bacterial infections.

# Rectal and Perirectal Swab Specimens

The assay is performed on rectal and perirectal swab specimens from patients at risk for intestinal colonization with carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for epidemiological typing, antimicrobial susceptibility testing, and for further confirmatory bacterial identification.

The Xpert Carba-R Assay, when performed on rectal and perirectal swab specimens, is not intended to guide or monitor treatment for carbapenem-non-susceptible bacterial infections or to determine infection from carbapenem-nonsusceptible bacteria.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 8.0 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone number: (408) 745-4183 Fax number: (408) 744-1479

Contact:

Date of Preparation:

Jim Kelly, Ph.D. January 04, 2018

Device: Trade name:

Xpert® Carba-R

Common name: Type of Test:

Xpert Carba-R Assay

Qualitative nucleic acid amplification test of the $b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } } ,$ $b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } } , \ b l a _ { \mathrm { V I M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { O X A - } 4 8 }$ , and blaIMP gene sequences associated with carbapenem-non-susceptibility in gramnegative bacteria obtained from rectal swab specimens, perirectal swab specimens, and bacterial isolates

Classification: Regulation number: Classification name: Product code:

II   
866.1640   
Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder   
POC, OOI   
Microbiology (83)

Classification Advisory Panel

Prescription Use Predicate Device Assay:

Yes Cepheid Xpert ® Carba-R [510(k) #K160901]

# Device Description:

The Xpert Carba-R Assay is an automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection of the $b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { V I M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { O X A - 4 8 } }$ , and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences from rectal or perirectal swab specimens or isolates of pure cultures of carbapenem-non-susceptibility gram-negative bacteria. The Xpert Carba-R Assay is intended as an aid for infection control for monitoring the spread of carbapenem-non-susceptible organisms in healthcare settings.

The Xpert Carba-R Assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems (GeneXpert Dx, GeneXpert Infinity-48, GeneXpert Infinity-48s, and GeneXpert Infinity80 systems). The GeneXpert Instrument System platform automates sample preparation, amplification and real-time detection.

The GeneXpert Instrument Systems require the use of single-use, disposable cartridges (the Xpert Carba-R cartridges) that hold the PCR reagents and host the PCR process. Because the cartridges are self-contained and specimens never come into contact with working parts of the instrument modules, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

The Xpert Carba-R Assay cartridges contain reagents for the detection of $b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } } .$ , $b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } } .$ , $b l a _ { \mathrm { V I M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { O X A - } 4 8 }$ , and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are controls utilized by the GeneXpert Instrument System platform. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the target bacteria and to monitor the presence of inhibitors in the real-time PCR reaction to reduce the possibility of false negative results. The PCC verifies reagent rehydration, real-time PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability.

The single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridges are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time PCR for the detection of the $b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { V I M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { O X A - } 4 8 } ,$ and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences from rectal or perirectal swab specimens or isolates of pure cultures of carbapenem-non- susceptibility gram-negative bacteria in approximately 50 minutes. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems, comprised of the GeneXpert Dx Systems and the GeneXpert Infinity Systems, have 1 to 80 randomly accessible modules, depending upon the instrument, that are each capable of performing separate sample processing and real-time PCR and RT- PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary I-CORE® thermocycler for performing real-time PCR and RT-PCR and detection.

Rectal or perirectal swab specimens or bacterial isolates from culture are placed into a sample reagent. The sample is transferred to the sample chamber of the disposable fluidic cartridge (the Xpert Carba-R cartridge). The user initiates a test from the system user interface and places the cartridge into the GeneXpert instrument platform, which performs hands-off real-time, multiplex PCR for detection of the $b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } } ,$ $b l a _ { \mathrm { V I M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { O X A - } 4 8 }$ , and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences. The results are automatically generated at the end of the process in a report that can be viewed and printed.

# Device Intended Use:

The Xpert® Carba-R Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed for the detection and differentiation of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48, and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences associated with carbapenemnon-susceptibility. The test utilizes automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

The Xpert Carba-R Assay is intended as an aid to infection control in the detection of carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria that colonize patients in healthcare settings. A negative Xpert Carba-R Assay result does not preclude the presence of other resistance mechanisms.

The Xpert Carba R-Assay is for use with the following sample types:

# Pure Colonies

The assay is performed on carbapenem-non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, when grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. For testing pure colonies, the Xpert Carba-R Assay should be used in conjunction with other laboratory tests including phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

The identification of a blaIMP, blaNDM, or blaVIM metallo-beta-lactamase gene (i.e., the genes that encode the IMP, NDM, and VIM metallo-beta-lactamases, respectively) may be used as an aid to clinicians in determining appropriate therapeutic strategies for patients with known or suspected carbapenem-non- susceptible bacterial infections.

# Rectal and Perirectal Swab Specimens

The assay is performed on rectal and perirectal swab specimens from patients at risk for intestinal colonization with carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for epidemiological typing, antimicrobial susceptibility testing, and for further confirmatory bacterial identification.

The Xpert Carba-R Assay, when performed on rectal and perirectal swab specimens, is not intended to guide or monitor treatment for carbapenem-non-susceptible bacterial infections or to determine infection from carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Cepheid Xpert Carba-R Assay is substantially equivalent to the Xpert® Carba-R Assay, 510(k) #K160901. Both assays utilize the same GeneXpert cartridge and detect target gene sequences using real-time PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection. The performance of the Xpert Carba-R Assay for an expanded indication was determined in a multi-site clinical study in which the performance of the Xpert Carba-R Assay was evaluated relative to culture and reference DNA sequence analysis and in a second separate clinical study using rectal and perirectal swab specimens to demonstrate the equivalency of both sample types. The results of the study demonstrated that the performance of the Xpert Carba-R Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Please refer to K160901 for information on the

performance of the Xpert Carba-R Assay with rectal swab specimens.

Table 8-1 shows the similarities and differences between the Xpert Carba-R Assay and the predicate device.

Table 8-1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Carba-R Assay with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Cepheid Xpert Carba-R Assay</td><td>Cepheid Xpert Carba-R Assay K160901</td></tr><tr><td>General Intended Use</td><td>The Xpert® Carba-R Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed for the detection and differentiation of the blakpc, blaNDM, blav, blaoxA-48, and blamp gene sequences associated with carbapenem- non-susceptibility. The test utilizes automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The Xpert Carba-R Assay is intended as an aid to infection control in the detection of carbapenem-non- susceptible bacteria that colonize patients in healthcare settings. A negative Xpert Carba-R Assay result does not preclude the presence of other resistance mechanisms.</td><td>The Xpert® Carba-R Assay, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed for the detection and differentiation of the blakpc, blaNDM, blav, blaoxA-48, and bla gene sequences associated with carbapenem- non-susceptibility. The test utilizes automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The Xpert Carba-R Assay is intended as an aid to infection control in the detection of carbapenem-non- susceptible bacteria that colonize patients in healthcare settings. The Xpert Carba-R Assay is not intended to guide or monitor treatment for carbapenem- non-susceptible bacterial infections. A negative Xpert Carba-R Assay result does not preclude the presence of other</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Pure Colonies</td><td>The Xpert Carba R-Assay is for use with the following sample types: The assay is performed on carbapenem- non-susceptible pure colonies of</td><td>resistance mechanisms. The Xpert Carba R-Assay is for use with the following sample types: Pure Colonies The assay is performed on carbapenem-</td></tr><tr><td>Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, when grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. For testing pure colonies, the Xpert Carba-R Assay should be used in conjunction with other laboratory tests including phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing. The idenfition    or blav metallo-beta-lactamase gene (i.e., the genes that encode the IMP, NDM, and VIM metallo-beta- lactamases, respectively) may be used</td><td>non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, when grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. For testing pure colonies, the Xpert Carba-R Assay should be used in conjunction with other laboratory tests including phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Carba-R Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Xpert Carba-R AssayK160901</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">as an aid to clinicians in determiningappropriate therapeutic strategies forpatients with known or suspectedcarbapenem-non- susceptible bacterialinfections.Rectal and Perirectal Swab Specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Rectal Swab SpecimensThe assay is performed on rectal swabspecimens from patients at risk forintestinal colonization with carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria.Concomitant cultures are necessary torecover organisms for epidemiologicaltyping, antimicrobial susceptibilitytesting, and for further confirmatorybacterial identification.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay is performed on rectal andperirectal swab specimens from patientsat risk for intestinal colonization withcarbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria.Concomitant cultures are necessary torecover organisms for epidemiologicaltyping, antimicrobial susceptibilitytesting, and for further confirmatorybacterial identification.The Xpert Carba-R Assay, whenperformed on rectal and perirectal swabspecimens, is not intended to guide ormonitor treatment for carbapenem-non-susceptible bacterial infections or todetermine infection from carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fully-automated nucleic acidamplification (DNA); real-timePCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable single-use, multi-chamberedfluidic cartridge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TaqMan® Probes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal sample processingcontrol (SPC) and probecheck control (PCC)External controls available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeneXpert Instrument System(includes GeneXpert Dx, Infinity-48,Infinity-48s, and Infinity-80)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to obtain testresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 50 minutes to results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of testresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostic software of the GeneXpertInstrument System</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert Carba-R Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert Carba-R AssayK160901</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operators in CLIA Moderate or HighComplexity labs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert Carba-R Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert Carba-R AssayK160901</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial isolates from culture, rectalswab and perirectal swab specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial isolates from culture andrectal swab specimens</td></tr></table>

The Xpert Carba-R Assay has the same general intended use as the predicate device and has the same technological characteristics as the predicate device. The differences between the Xpert Carba-R Assay and the predicate device do not raise questions of safety and effectiveness. The clinical study demonstrates that the Xpert Carba-R Assay is acceptable for its intended use with inexperienced laboratory users and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device described above.

# Non-Clinical Studies:

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection) –Perirectal Swabs

The analytical sensitivity or Limit of Detection (LoD) of the Xpert Carba-R Assay was assessed using carbapenemase-producing organisms seeded into pooled negative human perirectal swab matrix. The LoD was determined for two carbapenemase-producing bacteria for each gene analyte, i.e., the genes encoding KPC, NDM, VIM, OXA-48, and IMP. Bacteria were titered by plate counts and spiked onto clean swabs. Swabs were placed into pooled negative perirectal swab matrix and replicates of 20 were evaluated at a minimum of five different concentrations over four days. The LoD for each of the ten carbapenemase-producing organisms was estimated by probit analysis. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration of target cells (CFU/swab) that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples with $9 5 \%$ confidence. The study was performed with two different lots of Xpert Carba-R reagents and the claimed LoD is the higher of the two determinations. The estimated LoDs were verified by preparing and testing 10 replicates from two independent dilutions of each bacterium at each estimated LoD.

The claimed LoD for each pair of carbapenemase-producing organism in perirectal swab matrix are shown in Table 8-2.

Table 8-2: LoD Estimates and Verification for Organisms Harboring Carbapenemase Genes using the Xpert Carba-R Assay in Perirectal Swab Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target Gene and Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LoD Estimates (Probit)CFU /swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LODClaimCFU/swab</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Estimated LoDIn SampleReagentCFU/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Verification(Positives/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1 Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1 Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>635</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>635</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1 Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>901</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>901</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-4 Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1 Klebsiella pneumoniaeATCC BAA-2146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-3 Klebsiella pneumoniaeNCTC 13438</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48 Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48 Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the Xpert Carba-R Assay with perirectal swab matrices was evaluated by testing a panel of 72 samples. This panel consisted of $1 1 \ b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } }$ (KPC), 11 blaVIM (VIM), 8 blaOXA-48 (OXA-48), 5 blaNDM/blaOXA-181 (NDM/OXA-181), 6 blaOXA181(OXA-181), 17 blaIMP (IMP), and one blaKPC/blaVIM (KPC/VIM) well-characterized bacterial strains. The strains tested in perirectal swab matrix and their test concentrations are presented in Table 8-3.

For testing in perirectal swab matrix, organisms were seeded into pooled negative perirectal swab matrix. All bacterial strains were tested in triplicate at approximately 3X LoD. Xpert Carba-R Assay target genes were detected in 69 of 72 carbapenemaseproducing bacterial strains although IMP-4 was detected only using a higher concentration (Table 8-3). Xpert Carba-R Assay target DNA sequences were not detected in three bacterial strains as shown in Table 8-3. In one of the three bacterial strains, the IMP-13 gene was not detected by the assay, although it was predicted to be detected by in silico analysis. In two of the other three bacterial strains, the IMP-7 and IMP-14 genes were not predicted to be detected by in silico analysis and were not detected by the assay. See Limitations in the package insert.

The variants detected, and predictions for detecting other subtypes of each resistance gene based on in silico analysis, are presented in Table 8-4.

Table 8-3: Analytical Reactivity of the Xpert Carba-R Assay in Perirectal Swab Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResistanceMarker withVariantInformation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested inPerirectal SwabMatrix(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13438</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1705</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PA-Col</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KBM18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BM9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFVL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GR-04/KP-69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2, VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13437</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13439</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>758</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PA-87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B92A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Col1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BM19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KOW7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MSH2014-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EGY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CF-ABE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia rettgeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OM11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResistanceMarker withVariantInformation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested inPerirectal SwabMatrix(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DUW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OM22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BOU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TUR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MSH2014-64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MSH2014-72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC0051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella ozaenae a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B108A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM, OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C10192-DISCS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM, OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KP-OMA3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM, OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1300920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM, OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MSH2014-69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM, OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>695</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1720</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPBMI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yonsei_ 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yonsei 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MKAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70450-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC0161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenesa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00E+04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-7 b, c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-14 b, c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06</td></tr></table>

a. These organisms were not tested as bacterial isolates. b. IMP-7 and IMP-14 genes (Pseudomonas aeruginosa) were not detected by the assay and were not predicted to be detected by in silico analysis (see Limitations).

# CONFIDENTIAL

c. IMP-13 gene (Klebsiella pneumoniae): although predicted to be detected by in silico analysis, the IMP-13 gene was not detected by the assay (see Limitations).

Table 8-4: Summary of Variants Detected by Wet Testing or Predicted to be Detected Based on In Silico Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Marker(or TraditionalSubgroup)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Wet testing</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Not tested but predicted tobe detected based onin silico analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type(s)Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type(s) notDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2, 3, 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12,13, 14, 15, 16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1, 2, 4,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-3, 6, 7, 8, 9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1, 2, 4,10, 19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13,14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 20, 23, 24,25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32,33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48,181(OXA-48variant)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-162, 163, 204, 232, 244,245, 247</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1 (9strains), IMP-2, 4, 6, 10, 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-7a,13b, 14a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-3, 8, 9, 13b, 19, 20, 21,22, 24, 25, 27, 28, 30, 31, 33,37, 40, 42</td></tr></table>

a. IMP-7 and IMP-14 genes (Pseudomonas aeruginosa) were not detected by the assay and were not predicted to be detected by in silico analysis (see Limitations). b. IMP-13 gene (Klebsiella pneumoniae) was tested: although predicted to be detected by in silico analysis, the IMP-13 gene was not detected by the assay (see Limitations).

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-reactivity)

The analytical specificity of the Xpert Carba-R Assay was evaluated for organisms seeded into perirectal swab matrix. A panel of 62 well-characterized bacterial strains of carbapenem-susceptible bacteria or bacteria with carbapenem non-susceptibility due to genes or mechanisms other than the Xpert Carba-R target genes (Table 8-5 and Table 8- 6) and 24 commensal bacterial strains and other enteric microorganisms were also evaluated in the study (Table 8-7). Human cells were also tested in perirectal swab matrix (Table 8-8). Resistance mechanisms were determined by individual PCR assays, DNA sequence analysis, or Check-Points array version CT102.

For perirectal swab matrix samples, 62 strains were tested at concentrations ${ > } 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL with the exception of Peptostreptococcus anaerobius that was tested at 5 $\mathrm { \Delta _ { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 } C F U / m L }$ . Viruses were tested at ${ > } 1$ $\mathrm { \hat { \Sigma } } { \mathrm { 1 } } \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ or greater than $2 . 5 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ RNA copies/mL. A bladder cell line (human genomic DNA) was tested at $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cells/mL. Organisms were diluted into pooled negative perirectal swab matrix and tested in triplicate. None of the 94 potentially cross-reactive organisms and nucleic acids tested was detected with the Xpert Carba-R Assay.

The Xpert Carba-R Assay did not cross react with any of the organisms tested (Table 8-5, Table 8-6, and Table 8-7). The analytical specificity of the assay was $100 \%$ .

Table 8-5: Number of Carbapenem-susceptible and Non-susceptible Organisms for each Antibiotic   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ertapenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meropenem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Susceptible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intermediate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resistant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr></table>

Table 8-6: Cross-reactivity Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Confirmed ResistanceMechanisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Carbapenemsusceptibility (S/I/R)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ETPa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MEMa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (-1, -type 15 like); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCTC 13465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OmpC/OmpF deficient; TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEM (WT+164S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5557</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AmpC (ACT/MIR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>kpn5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>kpn12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEM; SHV; CTX-M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eco1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEM; CTX-M-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eco2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (2); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>corl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (2); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hpp21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (2); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>fer29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (2); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gut25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (2); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (2); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexnerii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (2); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PA_3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AmpC; CTX-M-15; TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (1, -type 15 like); SHV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (-1, -type 15 like); SHV;TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M (15); SHV-11; TEM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHV-27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHV (-5, -55); TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Confirmed ResistanceMechanisms</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Carbapenemsusceptibility (//R)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ETPa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMPa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MEMa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34430</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV; TEM; CTX-M-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34680</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM; CTX-M-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34732</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (15); SHV; TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA_174</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GX-/Culture+; SHV; TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STU 645</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV (WT+238S+240K)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STU 669</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV (WT+238S+240K)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C3015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC (CMY II); TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RI_100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC (DHA); SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B4A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV (WT + 238S +240K)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B13A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV (WT + 238S +240K)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RI_474</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC (ACT/MIR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter amnigenus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC (ACT/MIR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DD82A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV (WT + 238S + 240K)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, type-15 like); SHV(WT+238S); TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV; TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T2914280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, -15); TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DD188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM (104K + 164S)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DD189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC (ACT/MIR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B198B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, type -15 like); TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T3019989-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, type-15 like); SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T3019989-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, type-15 like); SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ENC-THAI14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VEB-1, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CB154006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (9); TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S35766</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC(ACT/MIR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X1856910</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC (ACT/MIR); TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W3758164</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, -15 like); SHV; TEM.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">X2135758</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, -15 like); SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W3809535</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M (-1, -15 like); SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0064</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SPM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Confirmed ResistanceMechanisms</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Carbapenemsusceptibility (S/I/R)a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ETPa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMPa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MEMa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0099</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0121</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacaegroup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacaecomplex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC0164</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr></table>

a. S/I/R $=$ Susceptible/Intermediate/Resistant, ETP $=$ Ertapenem, IMP $=$ Imipenem, MEM $=$ Meropenem

Table 8-7: Cross-reactivity Panel (Commensal and Other Enteric Microorganisms)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested(CFU/mL unless otherwisespecified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.67E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.53E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27853</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.17E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficilea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80E+07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.95E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9756</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.54E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-747</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.19E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.05E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49809</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.01E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus anaerobiusa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00E+05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 29780 / ATCC 12401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.21E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15703</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium adolescentisa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10E+08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51697</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.19E+06</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested(CFU/mL unless otherwisespecified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 34787</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 33629</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.48E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 17874</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Helicobacter pylori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.61E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 33548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.77E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 6325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.91E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCUG 43594 / ATCC 33560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejunia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.27E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRVP/ZeptoMetrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus B Type 7A/NYa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40E+05 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MRVP/ZeptoMetrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus Type 71/NYa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40E+05 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample  Cepheid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GIIa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 x 107 RNA copies/mL</td></tr></table>

a. These organisms were tested in perirectal swab matrix only.

Table 8-8: Cell Line Representing Human Genomic DNA   

<table><tr><td>Organism Name</td><td>Source</td></tr><tr><td>Bladder Cell Carcinoma (hgDNA)</td><td>ATCC HTB-4</td></tr></table>

# Competitive Interference

A competitive interference study was performed to test whether a high titer of one or more carbapenemase-producing organisms would interfere with the detection of a second target carbapenemase-producing organism that was present at a low titer. High titer samples were formulated at concentrations of $5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { \overset { - } { 6 } }$ CFU/swab and low titer targets were formulated at approximately 2X LoD for the respective strain in perirectal swab matrix. One carbapenemase-producing bacterial strain for each gene analyte, i.e., the genes encoding KPC, NDM, VIM, OXA-48, and IMP, was used in this study. Each carbapenemase-producing bacterial strain type was tested at low titers in conjunction with a high titer of each of the other one or two carbapenemase-producing bacterial strain types (Table 8-9). Samples were tested in replicates of eight.

An inhibitory effect was observed for two of the five targets (NDM and IMP) when a low concentration of each target was present in combination with a high concentration of one or two other targets for samples tested in perirectal swab matrix. The two targets (NDM and IMP) were tested at a higher concentration (4X LoD) in combination with a high concentration of one or two other targets for samples in perirectal swab matrix. No inhibitory effect was observed for the two targets (NDM and IMP) at 4x LoD in the presence of clinically relevant co-infections for the Xpert Carba-R Assay.

The competitive inhibitory effect on the Carba-R targets (NDM, IMP, VIM and OXA-48) is addressed in the Limitations section in the package insert.

# CONFIDENTIAL

Table 8-9: Combinations of Carbapenemase-producing Bacteria Tested with the Xpert Carba-R Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combination</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High KPC/High NDM/Low VIM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High KPC/High NDM/Low OXA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High KPC/High NDM/Low IMP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High VIM/High OXA/Low KPC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High VIM/High OXA/Low NDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High VIM/High OXA/Low IMP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High IMP/Low KPC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High IMP/Low NDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High IMP/Low VIM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High IMP/Low OXA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High OXA/Low VIM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High VIM/LowOXA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High KPC/Low NDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Potentially Interfering Substances

The performance of the Xpert Carba-R Assay was evaluated with 24 potentially interfering substances that may be present in perirectal swab specimens. Potentially interfering substances (IS) solutions were prepared and tested at concentrations specified in

# CONFIDENTIAL

Table 8-10. Positive and negative samples were included in this study. Positive samples consisted of a mix of five carbapenemase-producing organisms harboring KPC, NDM, VIM, IMP-1 and OXA-48 gene sequences seeded into pooled negative perirectal swab matrix at approximately 3X LoD. Eight replicate positive samples were tested per substance. Negative samples consisted of pooled negative perirectal swab matrix not seeded with carbapenemase-producing organisms. Eight replicate negative samples were tested per substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC). Controls consisted of positive and negative samples with no interfering substances added. The effect of each potentially interfering substance on positive and negative replicates was evaluated by comparing target cycle threshold (Ct) values generated in the presence of the substance to Ct values from controls lacking the substance. The positive and negative replicate samples for 22 potentially interfering substances were correctly identified using the Xpert Carba-R Assay. Interference with the Xpert Carba-R Assay may be observed with barium sulfate at $> 0 . 1 \% \ \mathrm { w / v }$ and PeptoBismol at $> 0 . 0 2 5 \% \mathrm { w } / \mathrm { v }$ in tests with perirectal swab matrix samples. See Limitations in the package insert.

Table 8-10: Potentially Interfering Substances Tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imaging compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% and 0.1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic (oral)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cephalexin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic (oral)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condom with spermicidallubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonoxynol-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 condoma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creams/ointment/suppositories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laxative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stearic acid/Palmiticacid/Cholesterol (fecal fat)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-diarrheal medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamidehydrochloride/bismuthsubsalicylate (Imodium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-diarrheal medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamidehydrochloride/bismuthsubsalicylate (Kaopectate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Y Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium carbonate/aluminumhydroxide/magnesiumhydroxide/simethicone(Milk of Magnesia)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enemas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic (topical)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymixin B/ Neomycin/Bacitracin (Neosporin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-fungal/anti-itch Vaginal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Famotidine (Pepcid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-diarrheal medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamidehydrochloride/bismuthsubsalicylate(Pepto-Bismol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25%, 0.1%, 0.05%,0.025%, 0.01% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Petroleum jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-hemorrhoidcreams/ointments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine (Preparation H)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acid reducer; antacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oemprazole (Prilosec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enemas</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline-enema</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimetidine (Tagamet)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-fungal/anti-itch Vaginal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine, resorcinol (Vagisil)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moist towelettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium chloride, ethanol(Wet Ones)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 pieceb</td></tr></table>

a. One condom added to $4 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ swab matrix. b. One piece (5 inch x 7-1/2 inch) added to $4 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ swab matrix.

# Carry-Over Contamination

A study was conducted to demonstrate that single-use, self-contained GeneXpert cartridges prevent carry-over contamination in negative samples run following very high positive samples. The study consisted of a negative sample processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately following a very high positive sample. The high positive sample is composed of inactivated $E .$ . coli cells containing a plasmid with an insert consisting of a synthetic oligonucleotide of the amplicon sequences from the five Xpert Carba-R target analyte genes (KPC, NDM, VIM, IMP and OXA-48 targets). Positive cells were diluted in pooled perirectal swab matrix to a concentration of $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL. The testing scheme was repeated 25 times on two GeneXpert modules for a total of 102 tests (25 high positive samples per module and 26 negative samples per module) for the perirectal swab matrix. All 50 positive samples correctly reported all Xpert Carba-R targets as DETECTED. All 52 negative samples correctly reported all Xpert Carba-R targets as NOT DETECTED.

# Clinical Studies

# Clinical Performance –Perirectal Swab Specimens

Performance characteristics of the Xpert Carba-R Assay perirectal swab specimens were determined in a multi-site investigational study. The positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) of the Xpert Carba-R Assay was evaluated relative to a reference method of culture (MacConkey enrichment broth) and PCR/bidirectional DNA sequence analysis.

Five geographically diverse sites prospectively collected paired perirectal swab specimens from subjects who were hospitalized or in a long-term care facility. Highly soiled perirectal swab specimens, according to the directions in Section 9 of package insert (Sample Preparation and Storage) were excluded from the study. Due to low prevalence of each of the Xpert Carba-R Assay target genes in the absence of an outbreak, contrived specimens were also included in the study.

One swab of the pair was used for Xpert Carba-R Assay testing. The second swab was inoculated into MacConkey enrichment broth and used for reference method testing. A reference culture laboratory determined the presence of carbapenem non-susceptible organisms by culturing the MacConkey enrichment broth from each of the specimens. The MacConkey enrichment broth was screened for the presence of carbapenem-non-susceptible organisms initially by plating the broth on MacConkey agar plates with a meropenem disk. For specimens that exhibited growth of gram-negative bacteria around the meropenem disk, confirmation of carbapenem non-susceptibility was determined on isolated colonies by using the disk diffusion method (per CLSI document M02) as well as CLSI document M100. DNA extracted from the carbapenem non-susceptible isolates was purified, quantified, and amplified using primers specific to all five target genes; amplified regions included more bases than the regions amplified by the Xpert Carba-R Assay. The production of the appropriate size amplification product was confirmed on Agilent 2100 Bioanalyzer (Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA).

If bands shown on the Bioanalyzer corresponded to the expected size of the amplicon from any of the five target genes detected by the Xpert Carba-R Assay, the amplicon for the isolate was sent to an independent laboratory for reference bi-directional sequencing analysis, which was validated for detection of the five targets in the Xpert Carba-R Assay. If no bands were shown on the Bioanalyzer for any of the five target genes, the isolate was not sent for sequence analysis and the reference method result was considered negative for the five target genes.

# Prospective Specimen Results Obtained with the Xpert Carba-R Assay in Comparison to the Reference Method

A total of 963 prospective perirectal swab specimens were initially enrolled in this clinical study, of which 947 were eligible for inclusion. From the 947 eligible specimens, 924 specimens were included in the final dataset after exclusions based on protocol deviations (including 10 Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, one Pseudomonas putida and one Pseudomonas stutzeri organisms that were excluded due to their intrinsic resistance to the carbapenems tested).

When tested with prospective perirectal swab specimens, the Xpert Carba-R Assay demonstrated a PPA of $100 \%$ for the three assay targets $( b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } } , b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } }$ and blaOXA-48) relative to the reference method. The NPA for the blaKPC, $b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } }$ , blaVIM, blaOXA-48, and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences ranged from $9 9 . 6 \%$ to $100 \%$ relative to the reference method (Table 8-11).

For specimens with discordant results (the Xpert Carba-R Assay was positive for a target gene but a carbapenem-non-susceptible organism was not isolated by reference culture), discordant analysis was performed using bi-directional sequencing on DNA extracted directly from the MacConkey enrichment broth. Discrepant testing results are footnoted in Table 8-11.

Table 8-11: Xpert Carba-R Performance vs. Reference Culture $^ +$ Sequencing – Prospective Perirectal Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Perirectalc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%(98.9-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%(99.4-100)</td></tr></table>

$\Nu =$ Number, $\mathrm { T P = }$ True Positive, FP $=$ False Positive, $\mathrm { T N } =$ True Negative, $\mathrm { F N = }$ False Negative

a. Testing results by sequencing: 4 of 4 were KPC negative.   
b. Testing results by sequencing: 1 of 1 was OXA-48 negative.   
c. Of the 924 prospective perirectal swab specimens evaluated in the study, 891 specimens did not yield a culture isolate. From the remaining 33 specimens, 31 carbapenem-non-susceptible organisms were recovered by the Reference Culture in addition to two carbapenem susceptible organisms (Pseudomonas aeruginosa).

Performance of the Xpert Carba-R Assay on the prospective perirectal specimens is shown in Table 8-12 by species. Only organisms for which at least one positive specimen was collected are included in Table 8-12.

Table 8-12. Xpert Carba-R Performance vs. Reference Culture $^ +$ Sequencing by Organism type – Prospective Perirectal Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Speciesa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Enterobacteraerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Klebsiellapneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(43.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(43.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(34.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(34.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(34.2-100)</td></tr></table>

a. Acinetobacter baumannii (1), and Pseudomonas aeruginosa (28) were recovered but did not contain target sequences by the Reference Method.

Multiple targets were detected by the Xpert Carba-R Assay in one prospective specimen.   
The details are provided in Table 8-13, along with the discrepant sequencing result.

Table 8-13. Prospective Perirectal Specimens with Multiple Targets Detected   

<table><tr><td>Specimen</td><td>Targets Detected by Xpert Carba-R Assay</td><td>Targets Detected by Reference Sequencing</td><td>Discrepant Testing Results - Targets Detected by Reference Sequencing</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>NDM, OXA-48</td><td>NDM, OXA-48</td><td>NA</td></tr></table>

# Contrived Specimen Results Obtained with the Xpert Carba-R Assay in Comparison to the Reference Method

A total of 432 contrived specimens prepared in perirectal matrix were also tested as part of the clinical study.

In addition to Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Acinetobacter baumannii groups tested in the contrived study, 5 other non-Enterobacteriaceae strains were also evaluated: Pseudomonas stutzeri (1), Pseudomonas oryzihabitans (1), Pseudomonas putida (2), and Empedobacter brevis (1).

When tested with contrived specimens, the Xpert Carba-R Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $100 \%$ for the $b l a _ { \mathrm { K P C } }$ , $b l a _ { \mathrm { N D M } }$ , blaVIM, blaOXA-48, and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } }$ gene sequences was $100 \%$ relative to the reference method (Table 8-14).

Table 8-14. Xpert Carba-R Performance vs. Reference Method – Contrived Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Perirectal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.9-100)</td></tr></table>

# Perirectal Swab and Rectal Swab Equivalence Study

To demonstrate equivalence of perirectal swab specimens and rectal swab specimens, a study was conducted at one site enrolling fresh prospectively collected rectal and perirectal swab specimens from consented subjects who were hospitalized in-patients.

Paired swab sets provided in the Cepheid Specimen Collection Device were used to collect specimens from each subject. One paired swab set was used to collect the perirectal swab specimen and a second paired swab set was used to collect the rectal swab specimen. The perirectal swab specimen was collected first followed by the rectal swab specimen from the same subject. One swab from each paired swab set was used for Xpert Carba-R Assay testing. The second swab from each paired swab set was used for culture and susceptibility testing when either or both the perirectal or rectal swab specimen(s) were positive for one or more target(s) by the Xpert Carba-R Assay. No culture was performed if perirectal and rectal swab specimens were both negative by the Xpert assay.

Bi-directional DNA sequencing was performed on DNA extracted from isolated colonies that manifested carbapenem-non-susceptibility by the CLSI disk diffusion method or from MacConkey broth with meropenem disk if the culture result was negative and the Xpert Carba-R Assay result was positive.

A total of 207 specimens were initially enrolled in this clinical study, all of which were eligible for inclusion. Of the 207 eligible specimens, 201 specimens were included in the final dataset used for the analyses. Six swab specimens (4 perirectal swab specimens and 2 rectal swab specimens) were excluded due to indeterminate results from the Xpert Carba-R Assay.

Of the 201 specimens included in the data analyses, 92 $( 4 5 . 8 \% )$ were collected from female subjects and 109 $( 5 4 . 2 \% )$ from male subjects. Overall $4 5 . 8 \%$ (92/201) specimens were collected from subjects between 21 and 65 years of age and $5 4 . 2 \%$

# CONFIDENTIAL

(109/201) were from subjects ${ > } 6 5$ years of age.

The performance (PPA and NPA) of the Xpert Carba-R Assay using perirectal swab specimens was determined relative to the results of the Xpert Carba-R Assay using rectal swab specimens from the same subject. The PPA and NPA estimates are shown in

Table 8-15. Relative to the Xpert Carba-R Assay rectal swab specimen result, the perirectal swab specimens demonstrated an overall PPA and NPA of $9 4 . 7 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I }$ : 75.4-99.1) and $9 7 . 8 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I }$ : 94.5-99.1), respectively.

Table 8-15. Xpert Carba-R Assay – Perirectal Swab Specimens vs Rectal Swab Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Xpert Carba-R Assay  Rectal Swab Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Xpert Carba-R Assay -Perirectal SwabSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.7% (95%CI: 75.4-99.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.8% (95%CI: 94.5-99.1)</td></tr></table>

a For one specimen, Xpert testing on the rectal swab was positive for KPC and OXA-48 and on the perirectal swab was positive for OXA-48 only. The specimen was culture negative for both rectal and perirectal swabs. Sequence results from the MacConkey broths were negative for the perirectal swab and OXA-48 positive for the rectal swab.

$^ { \mathsf { b } } 2$ of 4 were culture positive for both rectal and perirectal swabs, sequence results from isolates were both OXA-48 positive, 1 of 4 was culture negative for both rectal and perirectal swabs, sequence result the rectal sequence result was not available due to isolate not saved, the perirectal isolate was interpreted as carbapenem susceptible and per protocol sequencing was not required.

cCulture negative for both rectal and perirectal swabs, sequence results from MacConkey broths were both OXA-48 Positive.

# Reproducibility Study

Reproducibility of the Xpert Carba-R Assay was evaluated using of a panel of 11 samples, prepared in pooled negative perirectal swab matrix. Two operators at each of the three study sites tested one panel of 11 samples in replicates of four per day over six testing days (11 samples $\tt { x } 2$ replicates x 2 times/day x 6 days $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators $\textbf { X } 3$ sites). Three lots of Xpert Carba-R Assay cartridges were used at each of the 3 testing sites. The Xpert Carba-R Assay was performed according to the Xpert Carba-R Assay procedure. Results are summarized in Table 8-16.

Table 8-16: Summary of Reproducibility Results $\mathbf { \Pi } - \mathbf { \Pi } ^ { \mathbf { 0 } } \mathbf { \% }$ Agreement, Perirectal Swab Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreementby Sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5%(139/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIMMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIMLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(44/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%(20/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%(43/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4%(133/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDMMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDMLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(21/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(141/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPCMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPCLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(44/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(45/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(22/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(135/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(144/144)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(21/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(21/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5%(42/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%(46/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%(135/144)</td></tr></table>

The reproducibility of the Xpert Carba-R Assay was also evaluated in terms of the fluorescence signal expressed in Ct values for each target detected. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, between-lots, betweendays, between-operators, and within-assays for each panel member are presented in

Table 8-17.   
Table 8-17: Summary of Reproducibility Data for Perirectal Swab Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AssayChannel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N^a</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AssayChannel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIMMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIMLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDMMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDMLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPCMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPCLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr></table>

a. Results with non-zero Ct values out of 144.

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Carba-R Assay is safe and effective for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.