Copan Italia S.p.A.   
$\%$ Melissa Traylor,   
Consultant   
4133 Mayfield Street   
Santa Maria, California 93455

Re: K180052 Trade/Device Name: UriSwab-Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport culture medium Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JSM, LIO Dated: November 28, 2017 Received: January 8, 2018

Dear Melissa Traylor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# For Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K180052

Device Name UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification for Copan UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System

# 510(K) SUMMARY

# I. SUBMITTER

Applicant Name:

Copan Italia S.p.A. Via F. Perotti 10 25125 Brescia, Italy

Contact Person:

Melissa M. Traylor 4133 Mayfield Street Santa Maria, CA 93455 USA 805.878.8042

Telephone:

Establishment Registration Number:

3002444944

Date Prepared:

November 28, 2017

# II. DEVICE – CLASSIFICATION

Proprietary Name

UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System

Common/UsualName

UriSwab™

Device

Culture Media, Non-Propagating Transport

Classification Number

21 CFR 866.2390, Transport Culture Medium

Product Code

JSM, LIO

Device Class

Class I

Review Panel

Microbiology

# Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification for Copan UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System

III. PREDICATE DEVICE – CLASSIFICATION

Device Name

510(k) Number Device Classification Number

BD Vacutainer Plus Plastic Urine C&S Tube   
& Kits   
K024240   
Culture Media, Non-Propagating Transport   
21 CFR 866.2390, Transport Culture   
Medium   
JSM   
Class I   
Microbiology

Product Code Device Class Review Panel

# IV.DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Copan’s UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System (UriSwab™) consists of screw cap self-standing tube with conical shaped bottom. Inside the tube, the cap holds a plastic stick with sponges made of hydrophilic polyurethane. The sponges incorporate preservative substances. Two types of collection systems are available: the regular size ( $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m m } }$ length $\mathrm { ~ X ~ } 1 6 ~ \mathrm { m m }$ diameter) plastic tube and the mini size ( $\mathrm { 8 0 ~ m m }$ length $\mathbf { x } \ 1 2 \ \mathrm { m m }$ diameter) plastic tube.

# V.INDICATION FOR USE

Copan UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System is intended for the collection, transport and preservation of urine specimens from the collection site to the testing laboratory. In the laboratory, UriSwab™ specimens are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for the cultivation of uropathogenic bacteria and yeasts.

# Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification for Copan UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System

VI.COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

Microbial quantification of clean-voided midstream collected urine is widely used to evaluate urinary tract infections. The maintenance of the bacterial and yeast load in urine samples depends on many factors including the type and concentration of the microorganisms, duration of transport and storage temperature.

Copan UriSwab™ is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, BD Vacutainer™ PLUS Plastic Urine C&S Preservative Tube (BD Vacutainer™ PLUS).

□ UriSwab™ and the predicate device, BD Vacutainer™ PLUS, are similar in intended use and overall function. Both are for single and professional use only. UriSwab™ is intended for the collection, transport and preservation of urine specimens from the collection site to the testing laboratory. In the laboratory, urine specimens transported/maintained in UriSwab™ are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for the cultivation of uropathogenic bacteria and yeasts. BD Vacutainer™ PLUS is intended for the collection and transport of urine samples for culture and sensitivity testing of bacteria.

□ UriSwab™ and the predicate device, BD Vacutainer™ PLUS, incorporate preservative substances in a sterile tube that is suitable for transport of urine specimens. UriSwab™ incorporates a urine maintenance formula onto applicator sponges within a conical bottom, screw-cap tube, which maintains the bacterial and yeast load during transport for up to 48 hours at $2 { - } 2 5 \ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . The BD Vacutainer™ PLUS tube contains a lyophilized urine maintenance formula and is evacuated to draw approximately $4 - 1 0 \mathrm { m l }$ (depending on the tube size) of urine. The lyophilized maintenance formula is reconstituted by the urine specimen drawn and maintains the bacterial load in the specimen when held at room temperature for a period of 48 hours.

See Table 1: Side-by-Side Comparison of Copan UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System and Predicate Device

# Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification for Copan UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System

# VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

Testing was performed for the suitability of UriSwab™ as sampling and transport system for microbiological specimen using procedures outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Standard Institute (CLSI) M40-A2, “Quality Control of Microbiological Transport Systems”. Viability and recovery testing was performed with recommendation from M40-A2, ATCC® cultures of potential urinary tract pathogens including Candida albicans, Escherichia coli, Enterococcus faecalis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Proteus mirabilis and Staphylococcus saprophyticus, as well as other relevant urinary track pathogens, were used to spike sterile synthetic urine to $1 0 ^ { 2 }$ , $1 0 ^ { 3 }$ and $1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ . All analyses were performed in triplicate using UriSwab™ tests stored at room temperature and refrigerated temperature.

Additional testing was performed to verify the release of organisms present in the urine sample using the centrifugation and manual method described in the UriSwab™ package insert. The test was conducted on a selection of microorganisms among those recommended in the CLSI M40-A2 “Quality Control of Microbiological Transport Systems”. Candida albicans, Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus saprophyticus were used to spike sterile synthetic urine to $1 0 ^ { 2 }$ , $1 0 ^ { 3 }$ and $1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ and inoculate the UriSwab™. Spiked urine specimens in UriSwab™ stored at room temperature and refrigerated temperature were extracted using centrifugation and the manual method after 24 and 48 hours. The concentration of microorganisms extracted from UriSwab™ using each method was compared to the initial spiked synthetic urine for three production lots.

To verify that incomplete saturation of the sponges does not cause any toxic effect on the urine flora, a study was conducted on a selection of microorganisms among those recommended in the CLSI M40-A2. Specifically, the ability of UriSwab™ to maintain the initial concentration was verified in case of non-saturated sponges for three production lots spiked with Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Proteus mirabilis in filtered synthetic urine after storage at room temperature for up to 48 hours.

# VIII.CONCLUSIONS

UriSwab™ fulfills the requirements set in the CLSI standard M40-A2, “Quality Control of Microbiological Transport Systems” demonstrating that the recovered organisms are within $+ / . \ 1$ log from the original spiked concentration is considered acceptable performance, even in case of partial saturation and using both centrifugation and manual extraction. The data provided shows that acceptable performance was demonstrated for all organisms tested.

# Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification for Copan UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System

Table 1: Side-by-Side Comparison of Copan UriSwab™ and Predicate Device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan UriSwab™m-Urine Collection, Transportand Preservation System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Vacutainer Plus Plastic Urine C&amp;STube</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K024240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JSM, LIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JSM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan UriSwabTM     Urine Collection,Transport and Preservation System is intendedfor the collection, transport and preservationof urine specimens from the collection site tothe testing laboratory. In the laboratory,UriSwab™M specimens are processed usingstandardclinical laboratory  operatingprocedures   for   the   cultivation  ofuropathogenic bacteria and yeasts.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD VacutainerTM PLUS Plastic UrineC&amp;S Preservative Tubes and Kits areintended for the collection and transport ofurine samples for culture and sensitivitytesting of bacteria.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single use device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device StorageTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-25 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-25 °</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculated DeviceTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-25 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25 </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine SpecimenStabilityat RoomTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 48 hours.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric acid, sodium formate.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric acid, sodium formate and sodiumborate.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collection device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic stick with sponge.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic holder plus needle.</td></tr></table>