Cepheid   
Jim Kelly, Ph.D.   
Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs 904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, California 94089

Re: K180218 Trade/Device Name: Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV, Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit, Xpert Nasal Sample Collection Kit, GeneXpert Xpress II, GeneXpert Xpress IV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OOI, JSM Dated: January 24, 2018 Received: January 25, 2018

Dear Jim Kelly:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# forSteven R. Gitterman -S

Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Cepheid Xper $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Xpress Flu/RSV Assay

Indications for Use (Describe) Device Intended Use:

The Cepheid Xper $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Xpress Flu/RSV Assay, performed on the GeneXpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Xpress System, is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Xpress $\mathrm { F l u } /$ RSV Assay uses nasopharyngeal (NP) swab and nasal swab (NS) specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus infections in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2016-2017 influenza season when influenza A/ H3N2 and A/HINI pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Ancillary Nasopharyngeal Swab Specimen Collection Kit for Viruses: The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens and to preserve and transport nasal aspirate/wash specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu Assay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay. The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu+RSV Xpress Assay, Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay or the Xpert Xpress Flu Assay.

Ancillary Nasal Swab Specimen Collection Kit for Viruses:   
The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Nasal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the Xpert Xpress Flu Assay.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# CONFIDENTIAL

# 8.0 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone number: (408) 400-6838

# Contact:

Date of Preparation:

Yi-Ping Lin, PhD May 18, 2018

Device:

Trade name:

Xpert® Xpress Flu/RSV

Common name:

Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay

Type of Test:

Automated, multiplex real-time reverse transcriptionpolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA.

Regulation number/ Classification name/ Product code:

866.3980/Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid   
assay/OCC   
866.2570/Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test   
systems/OOI

Classification Advisory Panel

Class II Microbiology (83)

Yes

Prescription Use Predicate Devices Assay:

1) For the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV A/B viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab specimens: Xpert® Flu+RSV Xpress Assay [510(k) #K151226]

2) For the Sample Collection Kits: Cepheid Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses[510(k) # K171552]

Cepheid Xpert® Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses [510(k) # K171552]

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Device Description:

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is a rapid, automated in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A (Flu A), influenza B (Flu B), and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA directly from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab and nasal swab (NS) specimens. The assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Xpress System.

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay includes reagents for the detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral RNA directly from NP swab and NS specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are internal controls utilized by the GeneXpert Xpress System platform. The SPC is present to control for an adequate extraction and processing of the target sequences and to monitor for the presence of inhibitor in the PCR reaction. The PCC verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability.

The specimens are collected in viral transport medium and transported to the GeneXpert Xpress area. The specimen is prepared according to package insert instructions and transferred to the sample chamber (large opening) of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay cartridge. The GeneXpert cartridge is loaded onto the GeneXpert Xpress System platform, which performs hands-off automated sample processing and real-time RT-PCR for detection of Flu and RSV viral RNA. Summary and detailed test results are obtained in approximately 30 minutes or less. The results are automatically generated at the end of the process in a report that can be viewed and printed.

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Device Intended Use:

The Cepheid Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Xpress Flu/RSV Assay, performed on the GeneXpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Xpress System, is an automated, multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay intended for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A, influenza B, and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay uses nasopharyngeal (NP) swab and nasal swab (NS) specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of influenza and respiratory syncytial virus infections in conjunction with clinical and epidemiological risk factors.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2016-2017 influenza season when influenza A/H3N2 and A/HINI pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other novel influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Ancillary Nasopharyngeal Swab Specimen Collection Kit for Viruses

The Xpert® Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens and to preserve and transport nasal aspirate/wash specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of

# CONFIDENTIAL

respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu Assay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XC Assay.

The Xper $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasopharyngeal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Flu $^ +$ RSV Xpress Assay, Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay or the Xpert Xpress Flu Assay.

Ancillary Nasal Swab Specimen Collection Kit for Viruses

The Xpert® Nasal Sample Collection Kit is designed to collect, preserve, and transport nasal swab specimens containing viruses from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection prior to analysis with the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the Xpert Xpress Flu Assay.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is substantially equivalent to the current Xpert® Flu+RSV Xpress Assay [510(k) #K151226]. The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay detects influenza A, influenza B, and RSV from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab and nasal swab (NS) specimens and the Xpert® Flu $+$ RSV Xpress Assay detects influenza A, influenza B, and RSV from NP swab specimens. Both assays utilize the same technology by determining the presence of the target organisms through real-time RT-PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection. A multi-center clinical study was conducted and obtained data using the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. The data were used to determine the performance characteristics of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay relative to the reference test. The reference test was FDA cleared for testing for Flu with NP swab and NS specimens and for testing for RSV with NP swab specimens. For these studies the reference test was also validated for testing for RSV with NS specimens. The study results showed that the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is acceptable for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Table 8-1 shows the similarities and differences between the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the predicate device.

Table 8-1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay with the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSVXpress Assay510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3980</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCC, 001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologyPrinciple ofOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex real time RT-PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSVXpress Assay510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV Assay, performed onthe GeneXpert® XpressSystem, is an automated,multiplex real-time, reversetranscriptase polymerasechain reaction (RT-PCR)assay intended for the in vitroqualitative detection anddifferentiation of influenza A,influenza B, and respiratorysyncytial virus (RSV) viralRNA. The Xpert XpressFlu/RSV Assay usesnasopharyngeal (NP) swaband nasal swab (NS)specimens collected frompatients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection. The Xpert XpressFlu Assay is intended as anaid in the diagnosis ofinfluenza and respiratorysyncytial virus infections inconjunction with clinical andepidemiological risk factors.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSVXpress Assay, performed onthe GeneXpert® XpressSystem, is an automated,multiplex real-time, reversetranscriptase polymerase chainreaction (RT-PCR) assayintended for the in vitroqualitative detection anddifferentiation of influenza A,influenza B, and respiratorysyncytial virus (RSV) viralRNA. The Xpert Flu+RSVXpress Assay usesnasopharyngeal swabspecimens collected frompatients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection. The Xpert Flu+RSVXpress Assay is intended as anaid in the diagnosis ofinfluenza and respiratorysyncytial virus in conjunctionwith clinical andepidemiological risk factors.</td></tr></table>

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or RSV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Negative results do not preclude influenza virus or respiratory syncytial virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2016-

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2014-2015

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSVXpress Assay510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2017 influenza season. Whenother novel influenza Aviruses are emerging,performance characteristicsmay vary.If infection with a novelinfluenza A virus is suspectedbased on current clinical andepidemiological screeningcriteria recommended bypublic health authorities,specimens should be collectedwith appropriate infectioncontrol precautions for novelvirulent influenza viruses andsent to state or local healthdepartments for testing. Viralculture should not beattempted in these casesunless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive andculture specimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>influenza season. When othernovel influenza A viruses areemerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novelinfluenza A virus is suspectedbased on current clinical andepidemiological screeningcriteria recommended bypublic health authorities,specimens should be collectedwith appropriate infectioncontrol precautions for novelvirulent influenza viruses andsent to state or local healthdepartments for testing. Viralculture should not beattempted in these cases unlessa BSL 3+ facility is availableto receive and culturespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection in conjunction withclinical and epidemiologicalrisk factors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtractionMethods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample preparation integratedin GeneXpert Cartridge andGeneXpert Xpress System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSVXpress Assay510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert XpressSystem (instrument modelGX-II and GX-IV); CepheidI-core technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert XpressSystem (instrument modelGX-I); Cepheid I-coretechnology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primers andprobes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primers and probes to detectthe presence of nucleic acidsequences of influenza A,influenza B, and RSV.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LaboratoryUsers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Untrained operators with noclinical lab experience.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Self-contained and automatedafter mixed specimen is addedto cartridge. All otherreagents are contained in thecartridge.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primers andprobes forinfluenza A,influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primers and probes to detectthe presence of nucleic acidsequences of influenza A,influenza B, and RSV A/B.The Xpert Xpress Flu Assaycontains primers and probes todetect additional RNAsegments in order to protectthe assay sensitivity andspecificity from mutations inthe influenza genome due toantigenic drifts and shifts.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSVXpress Assay510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetSequences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A: Matrix protein(MP),basic polymerase (PB2)and acidic protein (PA)Influenza B: Matrix protein(MP) and Non-structuralproteins (NS 1 and NS 2)RSV A and RSV B:Nucleocapsid protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InternalControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample processing control(SPC) and probe checkcontrol (PCC).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Early assayterminationfunction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A, Influenza B, andRSV viral RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encapsulated (armored) RNApseudovirus as a sampleprocessing control.Available but not provided areinactivated virus controls forinfluenza A/B and RSV asexternal positive controls, andCoxsackie virus as an externalnegative control.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CombinatorialAssaySelections</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, user may selectcombined assay with alltargets or a Flu only assay ora RSV only assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® XpressFlu/RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® Flu+RSVXpress Assay510(k)# K151226</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenTypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal (NP) swaband nasal swab (NS)specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to obtaintest results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 30 minutes orless for sample preparationand RT-PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 60 minutes forsample preparation and real-time RT-PCR</td></tr></table>

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the predicate device have the same general intended use and technological characteristics, and both detect influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral RNA from NP swab specimens. The clinical study demonstrates that the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is acceptable for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

The predicate device for the ancillary specimen collection kit, the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses is the Cepheid Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses, [510(k) # K171552]. The similarities are shown in Table 8-2. There is no

# CONFIDENTIAL

difference between the Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses cleared in 510(k) # K171552 and this 510(k).

The predicate device for the ancillary specimen collection kit, the Xpert Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses is the Xpert Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses, [510(k) # K171552]. The similarities and differences are shown in Table 8-3.

# CONFIDENTIAL

Table 8-2: Comparison of Similarities of the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit forViruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit forViruses510(k)# K171552</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit isdesigned to collect, preserve,and transport nasopharyngealswab specimens and to preserveand transport nasalaspirate/wash specimenscontaining viruses from patientswith signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the Xpert FluAssay or the Xpert Flu/RSV XCAssay. The XpertNasopharyngeal SampleCollection Kit is designed tocollect, preserve, and transportnasopharyngeal swab specimenscontaining viruses from patientswith signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the XpertFlu+RSV Xpress Assay, XpertXpress Flu/RSV Assay or theXpert Xpress Flu Assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-use Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit forViruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® NasopharyngealSample Collection Kit forViruses510(k)# K171552</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport MediumFormulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hank&#x27;s Balanced SaltSolution Bovine SerumAlbuminL-cysteineGelatinSucroseL-glutamic acidHEPES bufferVancomycinAmphotericin BColistinPhenol red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3 ± 0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 25°C (refrigeratedand room temperature)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glass Beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 3 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic (medical-gradepolypropylene)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medium Tube in Kit withindividually-wrapped sterileswab.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

Table 8-3: Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Xpert Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® Nasal SampleCollection Kit for Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® Nasal SampleCollection Kit for Viruses510(k)# K171552</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Xpert® Nasal SampleCollection Kit is designed tocollect, preserve, and transportnasal swab specimenscontaining viruses from patientswith signs and symptoms ofrespiratory infection prior toanalysis with the Xpert XpressFlu/RSV and the Xpert XpressFlu Assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Xpert® Nasal SampleCollection Kit is designed tocollect, preserve, and transportnasal swab specimens containingviruses from patients with signsand symptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysis with theXpert Xpress Flu Assay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-use Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XpertNasal SampleCollection Kit for Viruses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Nasal SampleCollection Kit for Viruses510(k)# K171552</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport MediumFormulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hank's Balanced SaltSolution Bovine SerumAlbuminL-cysteineGelatinSucroseL-glutamic acidHEPES bufferVancomycinAmphotericin BColistinPhenol red</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 ± 0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 25°C (refrigeratedand room temperature)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glass Beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 3 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic (medical-gradepolypropylene)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Tube in Kit withindividually-wrapped sterileswab.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nylon flocked</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert Nasal SampleCollection Kit for Viruses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Nasal SampleCollection Kit for Viruses510(k)# K171552</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, preservationand transport of nasal swabspecimens containing virusesfrom patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysiswith the Xpert XpressFlu/RSV and the XpertXpress Flu Assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For collection, preservation andtransport of nasal swabspecimens containing virusesfrom patients with signs andsymptoms of respiratoryinfection prior to analysis withthe Xpert Xpress Flu.</td></tr></table>

The proposed collection kits and predicate collection kits have the same general intended use and the same technology to collect, store and transport clinical specimens, including viruses, to the laboratory for further testing. The prospective component of the multicenter clinical study of the Xpert Xpress $\mathrm { F l u / R S V }$ Assay was conducted using Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses [510(k) # K171552] and Xpert Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses [510(k) # K171552] demonstrating that the Xpert Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses and Xpert Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses are acceptable for their intended use and substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

Non-Clinical Studies:

Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

# CONFIDENTIAL

Studies were performed to determine the analytical limit of detection (LoD) of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay with two lots of reagents across three testing days. The higher LoD observed per strain and per lot was selected for verification. Verification of the estimated LoD claim was performed on one reagent lot across a minimum of three testing days. LoD was established using two influenza A H3N2 strains, two influenza A 2009 H1N1 strains, two influenza B strains, two respiratory syncytial virus A (RSV A) strains and two respiratory syncytial virus B (RSV B) strains. Viruses were diluted into negative pooled NP swab and NS clinical matrices for testing. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration (tissue culture infective dose, $\mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ ) per sample that can be reproducibly distinguished from negative samples with $9 5 \%$ confidence or the lowest concentration at which 19 of 20 replicates were positive. Each strain was tested in replicates of 20 per concentration of virus in each matrix in NP swab and NSclinical matrix. The LoD point values for each strain tested are summarized in Tables 8-4 – 8-6.

# Table 8-4 Confirmed LoD (TCID50/mL): Influenza A 2009 H1N1

Table 8-5 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ ): Influenza A H3N2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Confirmed LoD Probit(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Florida/27/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Confirmed LoDProbit(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td></tr></table>

# Table 8-6 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ : Influenza B

# CONFIDENTIAL

Table 8-7 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ ): Respiratory Syncytial Virus A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Confirmed LoDProbit(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Mass/2/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Wisconsin/01/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td></tr></table>

Table 8-8 Confirmed LoD $\mathbf { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ : Respiratory Syncytial Virus B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Confirmed LoDProbit(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2/Australia/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/Long/MD/56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Confirmed LoDProbit(TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/Wash/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.790</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320/MA/77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was evaluated by testing a panel of 44 cultures consisting of 16 viral, 26 bacterial, and two yeast strains representing common respiratory pathogens or those potentially encountered in the nasal passage and nasopharynx. Three replicates of all bacterial and yeast strains were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL with the exception of one strain that was tested at $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { \ C F U / m L }$ (Chlamydia pneumoniae). Three replicates of all viruses

# CONFIDENTIAL

were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ TCID50/mL. The analytical specificity was $100 \%$ . Results are shown in Table 8-7.

Table 8-7 Analytical Specificity of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration(per cartridge)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Template Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.87E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.85E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.31E+07 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.55E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.16E+07 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.90E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.31E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.31E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.31E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.55E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.20E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.30E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis(avirulent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.15E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.40E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.70E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus (protein Aproducer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.40E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphyloccus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.10E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was evaluated against multiple strains of influenza A H1N1 (seasonal pre-2009), influenza A H1N1 (pandemic 2009), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), avian influenza A (H5N1, H5N2, H6N2, H7N2, H7N3, H2N2, H7N9, and H9N2), influenza B (representing strains from both Victoria and Yamagata lineages), and respiratory syncytial virus subgroups A and B (RSV A and RSV B) at levels near the analytical LoD. A total of 53 strains comprised of 48 influenza viruses (35 influenza A and 13 influenza B) and 5 RSV strains were tested in this study with the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. Three replicates were tested for each strain. All Flu and RSV strains tested positive in all three replicates, except for one Flu A H1N1 strain (A/New Jersey/8/76), which tested positive in 2 of 3 replicates at $0 . 1 \mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 ^ { \mathrm { / m L } }$ . Results are shown in Table 8-8.

Predicted cross reactivity from in silico analyses showed $100 \%$ sequence homology for additional pH1N1 strains.

Table 8-8 Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No Template Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Influenza AH1N1(pre-2009)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/swine/Iowa/15/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/WS/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/PR/8/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mal/302/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Denver/1/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New York/55/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Soloman Island/3/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza AH1N1(pdm2009)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/swine/NY/02/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Colorado/14/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Washington/24/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Influenza AH3N2(Seasonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Aichi/2/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/HongKong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Wisconsin/67/05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Minnesota/11/2010 (H3N2)v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Indiana/08/2011 (H3N2)v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Texas/50/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avian influenza</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/duck/Hunan/795/2002 (H5N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1ρg/μa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/Hubei/327/2004(H5N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1ρg/μLa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1ρg/μla</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Japanese white eye/ HongKong/ 1038/2006 (H5N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1 ρg/μLa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/mallard/WI/34/75 (H5N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1ρg/ula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/CA431/00 (H6N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1ρg/μla</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/duck/LTC-10-82743/1943(H7N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1 ρg/μLa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/NJ/15086-3/94 (H7N3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1ρg/μla</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/Ab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Shanghai/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/Ab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/chicken/Korea/38349-p96323/1996 (H9N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1 ρg/μla</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Mallard/NY/6750/78 (H2N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1ρg/μla</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Lee/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Allen/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/GL/1739/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Maryland/1/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Panama/45/90c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/07/2004d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/02/06c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/06d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/01/2010d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Malaysia/2506/04c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

CONFIDENTIAL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

a. Purified viral RNA in simulated background matrix was used for avian influenza A viruses due to biosafety regulations.   
b. Inactivated avian influenza A (H7N9) viruses without viral titer was diluted 100,000 fold in simulated background matrix and tested due to biosafety regulations.   
c. Known Victoria lineage.   
d. Known Yamagata lineage.

# Potentially Interfering Substances

In a non-clinical study, potentially interfering substances that may be present in the nasal passage and nasopharynx were evaluated directly relative to the performance of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. Potentially interfering substances in the nasal passage and nasopharynx may include, but are not limited to: blood, nasal secretions or mucus, and nasal and throat medications used to relieve congestion, nasal dryness, irritation, or asthma and allergy symptoms, as well as antibiotics and antivirals. Negative samples (n $= 8$ ) were tested per each substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC). Positive samples $( \mathtt { n } = 8 $ ) were tested per substance with six influenza (four influenza A and two influenza B) and four RSV (two RSV A and two RSV B) strains spiked at 3X the analytical LoD determined for each strain. All results were compared to positive and negative simulated background matrix controls. The simulated background matrix consisted of $2 . 5 \% \mathrm { ( w / v ) }$ porcine mucin, $1 \%$ $\mathbf { \Pi } ( \mathbf { v } / \mathbf { v } )$ human whole blood in $0 . 8 5 \%$ sodium chloride (NaCl) formulated in 1x PBS solution with $1 5 \%$ glycerol, which was then diluted 1:5 in UTM.

The evaluated substances are listed in Table 8-9 with active ingredients and concentrations tested shown. None of the substances caused interference of the assay at the concentrations tested in this study. All positive and negative replicates were identified correctly using the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay.

# CONFIDENTIAL

Table 8-9 Potentially Interfering Substances in the Xpert Xpress Flu Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description/ActiveIngredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simulated backgroundmatrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-adrenergic bronchodilator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 mg/mL(equivalent to 1dose per day)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD™ Universal ViralTransport System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4RT®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat lozenges, oralanesthetic and analgesic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified Mucin protein(Bovine or porcinesubmaxillary gland)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasal ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride (0.65%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anefrin Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline, 0.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PHNY Nasal Drops</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine, 0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tamiflu Anti-viral drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibacterial, systemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luffa opperculata,Galphimia glauca,Histaminumhydrochloricum Sulfur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone Propionate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Carry-Over Contamination

A study was conducted to demonstrate that single-use, self-contained GeneXpert cartridges prevent carry-over contamination of negative samples when followed by very high positive samples in the same GeneXpert module. The study consisted of a negative sample processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately followed by a very high influenza A sample (A/Victoria/361/2011, $2 \mathbf { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ T $\mathrm { C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ) or a very high RSV A

# CONFIDENTIAL

sample (A/Long/MD/26, $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ TCID50/mL) spiked into a simulated background matrix. This testing scheme was repeated 20 times on two GeneXpert modules for a total of 82 runs resulting in 40 positive and 42 negative specimens for each virus type. All 40 positive samples were correctly reported as Flu A POSITIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE or Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE;RSV POSITIVE. All 42 negative samples were correctly reported as Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE.

# Competitive Interference Study

Competitive interference of the assay caused by the presence of two targets in the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was evaluated by testing individual influenza strains and RSV strains near the LoD in the presence of different influenza strains at a higher concentration in a simulated background matrix. Analytical competitive interference was assessed using one (1) seasonal Flu A H3 strain (H3/Victoria/361/2011) at 0.8 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ , one (1) Flu B strain (B/Mass/2/2012) at $0 . 4 5 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ , one (1) RSV A strain (RSV-A/2/Australia/61) at $1 . 1 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ and one (1) RSV B strain (RSVB/Wash/18537/62) at $0 . 9 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ; the strains were tested at in the presence of competing strains at either $1 \mathrm { \Delta x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ or $1 \mathrm { \Delta x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ . Replicates of 20 were tested for each target strain and each competitive strain combination. The normal binomial distribution with 20 replicate samples at LoD is between 17 and 20 positive results based on the binomial distribution with $\Nu { = } 2 0$ , $\mathrm { p } { = } 0 . 9 5$ (X\~Bin(20,0.95)). Therefore, sets of 20 with 16 or less positives would be rare and an indication of a competitive inhibitory effect due to high levels of a competing analyte.

• With Flu A/Victoria/361/2011 at a concentration of $0 . 8 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ no competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2//2012; $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of RSV-A/2/Australia/6; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 4 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of RSV-B/Wash/18537/62. With Flu B/Mass/2/2012 at a concentration of $0 . 4 5 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu

# CONFIDENTIAL

A/Victoria/361/2011. No competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of RSV-A/2/Australia/6; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of RSV-B/Wash/18537/62.

With RSV-A/2/Australia/6 at a concentration of $1 . 1 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011. No competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012.

With RSV-B/Wash/18537/62 at a concentration of $0 . 9 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011 or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012. No competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $1 0 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 2 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012. When the concentration of RSV-B/Wash/18537/62 was increased to $1 . 6 \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ , no competitive inhibitory effects were observed in the presence of $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 2 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of Flu A/Victoria/361/2011; or $\mathrm { 1 x 1 0 ^ { 3 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ of Flu B/Mass/2/2012.

Under the conditions of this study, internal competitive inhibitory effects were observed on the targets (Flu A, Flu B, and RSV) in the presence of two targets for the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay. The competitive inhibitory effect on the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV targets is addressed in the Limitations section of this Package Insert.

# Clinical Studies

# Clinical Comparison Study

Performance characteristics of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay were evaluated at fourteen institutions in the U.S. during the 2016-2017 influenza season.

Specimens were collected from the following:

• Individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection who provided

# CONFIDENTIAL

informed consent for the collection of a NS or NP swab specimen.

The Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay performance was compared to FDA-cleared molecular comparator assay.

# Overall Results

A total of 3265 specimens (1598 NS and 1667 NP swab) were tested for influenza A, influenza B by the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the comparator method.

For NS specimens, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a positive percent agreement (PPA) and a negative percent agreement (NPA) relative to the comparator method of $9 8 . 9 \%$ and $9 7 . 5 \%$ for the detection of influenza A and $9 8 . 4 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ for influenza B, respectively (Table 8-10).

For NP swab specimens, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA relative to the comparator method of $9 7 . 6 \%$ and $9 8 . 2 \%$ for the detection of influenza A and $9 7 . 3 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ for influenza B, respectively (Table 8-10).

For the combined dataset, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA relative to the comparator method of $9 8 . 2 \%$ and $9 7 . 9 \%$ for the detection of influenza A and $9 7 . 8 \%$ and $9 9 . 4 \%$ for influenza B, respectively (Table 8-10).

A total of 3103 specimens (1543 NS and $1 5 6 0 \mathrm { N P }$ swab) were tested for RSV by the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay and the comparator assay.

For NS specimens, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA relative to the comparator method of $9 8 . 2 \%$ and $9 9 . 1 \%$ for detection of RSV, respectively (Table 8-10).

For NP swab specimens, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA relative to the comparator method of $9 8 . 2 \%$ and $9 8 . 5 \%$ for detection of RSV, respectively (Table 8-10).

For the combined dataset, the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay demonstrated a PPA and NPA relative to the comparator method of $9 8 . 2 \%$ and $9 8 . 8 \%$ for the detection of RSV, respectively (Table 8-10).

Table 8-10 Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9(96.2-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%(96.6-98.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%(94.4-99.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%(97.4-98.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%(96.4-99.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(97.3-98.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%(91.7-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%(98.7-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2j</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1587</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%(90.6-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%(99.1-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%(93.8-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%(99.1-99.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%(95.8-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%(98.4-99.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5p</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%(95.9-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(97.7-99.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>544</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2518</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%(96.7-99.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%(98.3-99.1)</td></tr></table>

a Five specimens were positive for both Flu A and Flu B.   
b Discrepant Testing: 1 of 2 Flu A NEG; 1 of 2 Flu A POS.   
c Discrepant Testing: 17 of 35 Flu A NEG; 11 of 35 Flu A POS; 7 of 35 inconclusive.   
d Discrepant Testing: 3 of 5 Flu A NEG; 2 of 5 Flu A POS.   
e Discrepant Testing: 11 of 26 Flu A NEG; 9 of 26 Flu A POS; 6 of 26 inconclusive.   
f Discrepant Testing: 4 of 7 Flu A NEG; 3 of 7 Flu A POS.   
g Discrepant Testing: 26 of 61 Flu A NEG; 22 of 61 Flu A POS; 13 of 61 inconclusive h Discrepant Testing: 1 of 1 inconclusive.   
i Discrepant Testing: 5 of 11 Flu B POS; 6 of 11 inconclusive.   
j Discrepant Testing: 1 of 2 Flu B POS; 1 of 2 inconclusive.   
k Discrepant Testing: 1 of 7 Flu B NEG; 5 of 7 Flu B POS; 1 of 7 inconclusive.   
l Discrepant Testing: 1 of 3 Flu B POS; 2 of 3 inconclusive mDiscrepant Testing: 1 of 18 Flu B NEG; 10 of 18 Flu B POS; 7 of 18 inconclusive n Discrepant Testing: 3 of 5 RSV NEG; 1 of 5 inconclusive; 1 of 5 not done.   
o Discrepant Testing: 5 of 12 RSV NEG; 3 of 12 RSV POS, 4 of 12 inconclusive.   
p Discrepant Testing: 2 of 5 RSV NEG; 2 of 5 inconclusive; 1 of 5 not done.   
q Discrepant Testing: 6 of 19 RSV NEG; 2 of 19 RSV POS, 6 of 19 inconclusive; 5 of 19 not done.   
r Discrepant Testing: 5 of 10 RSV NEG; 3 of 10 inconclusive; 2 of 10 not done.   
s Discrepant Testing: 11 of 31 RSV NEG; 5 of 31 RSV POS; 10 of 31 inconclusive; 5 of 31 not done.

# CONFIDENTIAL

Of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay runs performed with eligible specimens, $9 8 . 0 \%$ (3212/3279) of these specimens were successful on the first attempt. The remaining 67 gave indeterminate results on the first attempt (38 NO RESULT-REPEAT TEST results and 29 INSTRUMENT ERROR). Fifty-eight of the 67 indeterminate cases were retested, of which 53 yielded valid results upon repeat testing; nine specimens were not retested. The overall rate of assay success was $9 9 . 6 \%$ (3265/3279). The overall indeterminate rate was $0 . 4 \%$ .

# Reproducibility Study

Reproducibility was established in a multi-center, blinded study using a 7-member specimen panel. Testing was performed at three sites using the GeneXpert Xpress System.

Testing was conducted for five (not necessarily consecutive) days, with one lot of Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV cartridges. Each site had three operators, who tested each panel twice each day. Results are summarized in Table 8-11.

Table 8-11 Summary of Reproducibility Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Titer of Virus(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreementbySamplea</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10//10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%(90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10//10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9//0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(29/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(1 (110/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(277/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.%(7/10 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10//10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%(8/)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2%(5/29)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0%(81/89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10//0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10//0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(1 10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/1 /0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10 /10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%%(30//30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(0/ /90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%/10 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(8/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(//10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(9/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10 10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0%(7/1 /1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10 10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(/7/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(84/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%(90//90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%9/10) </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(27/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(28//0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(/10/</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%(8/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(27//30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0%(82/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%%(90/90)</td></tr></table>

a. Agreement calculated based on expected result: Negative for Negative (targeted positivity: $0 \%$ ); Positive for Low Pos (targeted positivity: $9 5 \%$ ) and Mod Pos (targeted positivity: $100 \%$ ) samples. b. One sample $2 \mathbf { x }$ indeterminate (Flu A Low Pos)

The reproducibility of the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay was also evaluated in terms of the fluorescence signal expressed in Ct values for each target detected. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, betweendays, between-lots and between-operators for each panel member are presented in Table 8-12.

Table 8-12 Summary of Reproducibility Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay Channel(Analyte)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr></table>

# CONFIDENTIAL

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Xpress Flu/RSV Assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.