Quidel Corporation Jennifer Rial Director, Regulatory Affairs 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121

Re: K180288 Trade/Device Name: QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3328 Regulation Name: Influenza virus antigen detection test systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSZ Dated: January 31, 2018 Received: February 2, 2018

Dear Jennifer Rial:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Uwe Scherf -S

Uwe Scherf, MSc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K180288

Device Name QuickVue Influenza $\mathrm { A + B }$ Test

Indications for Use (Describe)

The QuickVue Influenza $\mathrm { A } { + } \mathrm { B }$ Test allows for the rapid, qualitative detection of influenza type A and type B antigens directly in nasal swab and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from symptomatic patients. The test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of acute influenza type A and type B viral infections. The test is not intended to detect influenza C antigens. A negative test is presumptive, and it is recommended these results be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infections and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2017/2018 influenza seasons when influenza A/ H3N2 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 7. SPECIAL 510(K) SUMMARY

Submitted By:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7910 Fax: 858-646-8045

Submission Contact:

Jennifer S. Rial, Director, Regulatory Affairs

Date Prepared:

January 25, 2018

Device Trade Name:

QuickVue® Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Test

Common Name:

Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ immunological test

Predicate Devices:

Sofia Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ FIA, K162438

Device Classification/Name:

21 CFR 866.3328 / Class II / Influenza virus antigen detection system

An influenza virus antigen detection test system is a device intended for the qualitative detection of influenza viral antigens directly from clinical specimens in patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. The test aids in the diagnosis of influenza infection and provides epidemiological information on influenza. Due to the propensity of the virus to mutate, new strains emerge over time which may potentially affect the performance of these devices. Because influenza is highly contagious and may lead to an acute respiratory tract infection causing severe illness and even death, the accuracy of these devices has serious public health implications.

Intended Use:

The QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Test allows for the rapid, qualitative detection of influenza type A and type B antigens directly in nasal swab and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from symptomatic patients. The test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of acute influenza type A and type B viral infections. The test is not intended to detect influenza C antigens. A negative test is presumptive, and it is recommended these results be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infections and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions. The test is intended for professional and laboratory use.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the 2017/2018 influenza seasons when influenza A/H3N2 and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation. When other influenza A viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

Physiologic Basis of the Test:

Influenza viruses are causative agents of highly contagious, acute, viral infections of the respiratory tract.

Influenza viruses are immunologically diverse, singlestranded RNA viruses. There are three types of influenza viruses: A, B, and C. Type A viruses are the most prevalent and are associated with most serious epidemics. Type B viruses produce a disease that is generally milder than that caused by type A. Type C viruses have never been associated with a large epidemic of human disease. Both Type A and B viruses can circulate simultaneously, but usually one type is dominant during a given season.

Every year in the United States, on average $5 \%$ to $20 \%$ of the population contract influenza; more than 200,000 people are hospitalized from influenza complications; and, about 36,000 people die from influenza-related causes. Some people, such as older people, young children, and people with certain health conditions, are at high risk for serious influenza complications.

Device Description:

The QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Test involves the extraction of influenza A and B viral antigens. The patient specimen is placed in the Extraction Reagent Tube, during which time the virus particles in the specimen are disrupted, exposing internal viral nucleoproteins. After extraction, the Test Strip is placed in the Extraction Reagent Tube where nucleoproteins in the specimen will react with the reagents in the Test Strip.

If the extracted specimen contains influenza A or B antigens, a pink-to-red Test Line along with a blue procedural Control Line will appear on the Test Strip indicating a positive result. The Test Line for influenza A or B will develop at separate specified locations on the same Test Strip. If influenza A or B antigens are not present, or are present at very low levels, only the blue procedural Control Line will appear.

# Device Comparison

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Previously Cleared Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuickVue Influenza A+B Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QuickVue Influenza A+B Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sofia Influenza A+B FIA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QuickVue Influenza A+B Test allows forthe rapid, qualitative detection of influenzatype A and type B antigens directly in nasalswab and nasopharyngeal swab specimensfrom symptomatic patients. The test isintended for use as an aid in the rapiddifferential diagnosis of acute influenza typeA and type B viral infections. The test is notintended to detect influenza C antigens. Anegative test is presumptive, and it isrecommended these results be confirmed byviral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza Aand B molecular assay. Negative results do notpreclude influenza virus infections and shouldnot be used as the sole basis for treatment orother patient management decisions. The testis intended for professional and laboratory use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QuickVue Influenza A+B Test allows forthe rapid, qualitative detection of influenza typeA and type B antigens directly from nasal swab,nasopharyngeal swab, nasal aspirate, and nasalwash specimens. The test is intended for use asan aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of acuteinfluenza type A and type B viral infections. Thetest is not intended to detect influenza Cantigens. Negative results should be confirmedby cell culture; they do not preclude influenzavirus infection and should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or other managementdecisions. The test is intended for professionaland laboratory use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Influenza A+B FIA employsimmunofluorescence to detect influenza Aand influenza B viral nucleoprotein antigensin direct nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab,and    nasopharyngeal    aspirate/washspecimens and nasopharyngeal swab andnasopharyngeal aspirate/wash specimens intransport media from symptomatic patients.This qualitative test is intended for use as anaid in the rapid differential diagnosis ofacute influenza A and influenza B viralinfections. The test is not intended to detectinfluenza C antigens. A negative test ispresumptive and it is recommended theseresults be confirmed by viral culture or anFDA-cleared influenza A and B molecularassay. Negative results do not precludeinfluenza virus infections and should not beused as the sole basis for treatment or otherpatient management decisions. This test isintended for professional and laboratory use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use (cont.)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance characteristics for influenza Awere established during the 2017/2018influenza seasons when influenza A/H3N2and A/H1N1 pandemic were the predominantinfluenza A viruses in circulation. When otherinfluenza A viruses are emerging,performance characteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological    screening    criteriarecommended by public health authorities,specimens should be collected withappropriate infection control precautions fornovel virulent Influenza viruses and sent tostate or local health department for testing.Viral culture should not be attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sofia Influenza A+B FIA may be usedwith Sofia or Sofia 2.Performance characteristics for influenza Aand B were established during Februarythrough March 2011 when influenza virusesA/California/7/2009   (2009   H1N1),A/Perth/16/2009      (H3N2),      andB/Brisbane/60/2008 (Victoria-Like) werethe predominant influenza viruses incirculation according to the Morbidity andMortality Weekly Report from the CDCentitled Update:  Influenza Activity--United States, 2010-2011 Season, andComposition of the 2011-2012 InfluenzaVaccine." Performance characteristics mayvary against other emerging influenzaviruses.If infection with a novel influenza virus issuspected based on current clinical andepidemiological   screening    criteriarecommended by public health authorities,samples should be collected with appropriateinfection control precautions for novelvirulent influenza viruses and sent to state orlocal health department for testing. Viralculture should not be attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture samples.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reader</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab, nasalaspirate, and nasal wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct nasal swab, nasopharyngeal swab,and   nasopharyngeal   aspirate/washspecimens and nasopharyngeal swab andnasopharyngeal aspirate/wash specimens intransport media</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Result Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive and NegativeControl swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive and Negative Controlswabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit contains Positive and NegativeControl swabs</td></tr></table>

# 7.1. Summary of Performance Data

Additional Clinical Studies were performed using the QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Test to confirm the device meets the performance characteristics detailed in 21 CFR 866.3328 for Class II influenza virus antigen detection test systems.

# 7.2. Conclusion

The results of this study demonstrate that the QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Test meets the performance requirements according to FDA’s reclassification of rapid Influenza assays. The QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ test is substantially equivalent with the predicate device, Sofia Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ FIA.