Microbiologics, Inc. Tina Sobania Director of Corporate Quality 200 Cooper Avenue North St. Cloud, Minnesota 56303

Re: K181711 Trade/Device Name: BD MAX Enteric Parasite Control Panel, BD MAX Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3920 Regulation Name: Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PMN Dated: June 27, 2018 Received: June 28, 2018

Dear Tina Sobania:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# For Ribhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel and the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel are intended for use as external assayed positive quality control materials to monitor the performance of in vitro laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of Cryptosporidium parvum, Giardia lamblia, and Entamoeba histolytica performed with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel on the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ System. The controls comprise cultured and inactivated C. parvum, G. lamblia and recombinant Escherichia coli. The E. coli carries a plasmid which is a surrogate control material for detection of E. histolytica.

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel and BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel are not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided with the device.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Microbiologics

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) Number: K181711

Date: August 6, 2018

Applicant Information: Applicant: Address:

Microbiologics, Inc. 200 Cooper Avenue North St. Cloud, MN 56303

Primary Contact:   
Phone:   
Email:

Tina Sobania, Director of Corporate Quality 320-229-7050 tsobania@microbiologics.com

# Device:

Device Trade Names: BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel

Common Name: Classification: Regulation: Panel: Product Code:

Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays   
Class II   
21 CFR 866.3920   
83-Microbiology   
PMN

# Predicate Device:

Bio-Rad Amplichek II (DEN 150058)

# Device Description:

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel and the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel are used to monitor the extraction, amplification and detection of the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel. Both panels contain individually packaged pellets consisting of inactivated, Cryptosporidium parvum, Giardia lamblia, and a recombinant Escherichia coli. The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel and the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel differ only by packaged quantity. Each BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel consists of 6 individually packaged positive control pellets. Each BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel consists of 20 individually packaged positive control pellets. Each pellet is individually wrapped with a desiccant in a heat-sealed foil pouch. The organisms are prepared in a buffered solution with materials of animal origin, preservatives and stabilizers. The solution is lyophilized into a ready-to-use pellet. The lyophilized pellet containing inactivated organism(s) is packaged in a $_ { 2 . 0 - \mathsf { m } } |$ labeled micro-centrifuge tube with a red screw cap.

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel and the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel do not contain negative controls.

# Device Intended Use:

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel and the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel are intended for use as external assayed positive quality control materials to monitor the performance of in vitro laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of Cryptosporidium parvum, Giardia lamblia, and Entamoeba histolytica performed with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel on the BD MAX™ System. The controls comprise cultured and inactivated C. parvum, G. lamblia and recombinant Escherichia coli. The E. coli carries a plasmid which is a surrogate control material for detection of E. histolytica.

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel and BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel are not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided with the device.

Substantial Equivalence:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Panel,BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QC Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device -Bio-Rad Amplichek II (DEN 150058)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Control Paneland the BD MAX ™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QCPanel are intended for use as external assayedpositive quality control materials to monitor theperformance of in vitro laboratory nucleic acidtesting procedures for the qualitative detectionof Cryptosporidium parvum, Giardia lamblia,and Entamoeba histolytica performed with theBD MAX ™M Enteric Parasite Panel on the BDMAX ™M System. The controls comprise culturedand inactivated C. parvum, G. lamblia andrecombinant Escherichia coli. The E. colicarries a plasmid which is a surrogate controlmaterial for detection of E. histolytica.The BD MAX™M Enteric Parasite Control Paneland BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite 20-Day QCPanel are not intended to replace manufacturercontrols provided with the device.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplichek Il is intended for use as an externalassayed quality control material to monitor theperformance of in vitro laboratory nucleic acidtesting procedures for the qualitative detectionof Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcusaureus, Methicillin Sensitive Staphylococcusaureus, Clostridium difficile and Vancomycin-resistant Enterococci performed on CepheidGeneXpert Systems. This product is notintended to replace manufacturer controlsprovided with the device.This product is only for use with assays andinstruments listed in the RepresentativeResults Chart in this labeling.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physical Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized pellet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready-to-use liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivated microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivated microorganisms</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvumGiardia lambliaEntamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureusMethicillin Sensitive Staphylococcus aureusClostridium difficileVancomycin-resistant Enterococci</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Directions for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process like patient sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process like patient sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay StepsMonitored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction, amplification, and detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction, amplification, detection</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

A precision and reproducibility study was conducted to determine device performance. Three different testing locations were used. 6 different operators (2 at each facility) and 3 different lots of the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite controls were tested over five days. Each operator performed 3 tests (1 per lot) on 5 different days. All testing was performed on BD MAX™ instruments using the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Agreement (%) by Test Site/BD MAX System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G. lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100)</td></tr></table>

1Two Incomplete Run errors occurred; in both cases a new control was retested and the expected results were obtained 2An Unresolved result was obtained with one control; a new control was retested and the expected results were obtained

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.