bioMerieux, Inc.   
Jolyn Tenllado   
Regulatory Affairs Expert 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K181368 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-YS Micafungin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NGZ, LRG, LTT, LTW Dated: May 22, 2018 Received: May 23, 2018

Dear Jolyn Tenllado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# FoRibhi Shawar -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K181368

Device Name VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 AST-YS Micafungin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)   
VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Micafungin is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species. VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Micafungin is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 and VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 COMPACT Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Micafungin has been shown to be active against most isolates of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antifungal.   
Active in vitro and clinical infections:   
Candida albicans   
Candida glabrata   
Candida guilliermondii   
Candida krusei   
Candida parapsilosis   
Candida tropicalis

The VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK $^ \mathrm { { . } } \textcircled { \mathrm { { R } } }$ 2 Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp., S. pneumoniae, and clinically significant yeast.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK 2 AST-YS Micafungin Special 510(k): Device Modification

510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jolyn Tenllado   
RA Expert, Global Regulatory Affairs Microbiology 314 -731-8386   
314-731-8689   
May 22, 2018

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK 2 AST-Yeast Micafungin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 \mu { \sf g } / { \sf m L } )$

Classification Name:

Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility Device, 21 CFR 866.1645

Common Name:

VITEK 2 AST-YS Micafungin

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK 2 AST-YS Micafungin (K151923)

# D. 510(k) Summary:

VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Micafungin is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species. VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Micafungin is a quantitative test intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 COMPACT Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Yeast Micafungin has been shown to be active against most isolates of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antifungal.

Active in vitro and clinical infections:   
Candida albicans   
Candida glabrata   
Candida guilliermondii   
Candida krusei   
Candida parapsilosis   
Candida tropicalis

The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp., S. pneumoniae, and clinically significant yeast.

The intended use of the VITEK 2 AST-YS Micafungin, as described in its labeling (package insert), has not changed as a result of this modification to change the expected QC range for QC organism C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019 from $0 . 5 { - } 2 ~  \mu \ g / \mu \mu$ to $0 . 2 5 { - } 1 ~ { \mu \ g / \ m L }$ based on a completed CLSI M23 study to establish the new QC range. This modification does not affect the fundamental scientific technology of this device. The device design was not altered in any way.

The VITEK 2 AST-YS Micafungin modified device, to change the QC organism C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019 expected QC range from $0 . 5 { - } 2 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L }$ to $0 . 2 5 { - } 1 ~ { \mu \ g / \ m L }$ , demonstrated acceptable performance during risk assessment validation studies. Validation of the modified QC range and QC performance with the modified range has now been established. This Special 510(k) Device Modification presents data in support of the VITEK AST-YS Micafungin QC organism expected range change, and corresponding labeling changes, allowing a substantial equivalence decision when compared with the VITEK 2 AST-YS Micafungin unmodified device cleared under K151923.