Biokit, S.A.   
Joan Guixe   
QA & RA Director   
Can Male, S/N   
Llica d'Amunt, 08186 Barcelona, Spain

Re: K181334 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3305 Regulation Name: Herpes simplex virus serological assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MYF Dated: May 17, 2018 Received: May 25, 2018

Dear Joan Guixe:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S GPS

Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k183334

Device Name ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Herpes-2 IgG (HSV2) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the qualitative determination of IgG antibodies to herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2) in human serum and plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin) using the ADVIA Centaur systems. The test is indicated for testing sexually active adults or expectant mothers for aiding in the presumptive diagnosis of HSV infection. The predictive value of a positive or negative result depends on the prevalence of HSV-2 infection in the population and the pre-test likelihood of HSV-2 infection.

The test is not FDA cleared for screening blood or plasma donors. The performance of this assay has not been established for immunocompromised patients, pediatric patients or matrices other than human serum and plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin).

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">1. Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Biokit, S.A.</td></tr><tr><td>Can Malé S/N</td></tr><tr><td>Lliçà d&#x27;Amunt 08186</td></tr><tr><td>Barcelona (Spain)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>2. Contact Person</td><td>Joan Guixer, QA &amp; RA Director Phone: +34 93 860 90 00 / +34 657 88 33 47 Email: jguixer@biokit.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>3. Preparation Date</td><td>May 17th , 2018</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>4. Device Trade Name</td><td>ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>5. Regulatory Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3305</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes simplex virusserological assays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II Special Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MYF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>K000238 (Focus HerpeSelect 1 and 2 Immunoblot IgG)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>7. Indications for Use / Intended Use</td><td>The ADVIA Centaur® Herpes-2 IgG (HSV2) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the qualitative determination of IgG antibodies to herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSv-2) in human serum and plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin) using the ADVIA Centaur systems. The test is indicated for testing sexually active adults or expectant mothers for aiding in the presumptive diagnosis of HSV infection. The predictive value of a positive or negative result depends on the prevalence of HSv-2 infection in the population and the pre-test likelihood of HSV-2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>infection. The test is not FDA cleared for screening blood or plasma donors. The performance of this assay has not been established for immunocompromised patients, pediatric patients or matrices other than human serum</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>and plasma (EDTA and lithium heparin).</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>8. Device Description</td><td>The ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG (HSV2) assay is a fully automated two-step sandwich immunoassay using indirect chemiluminometric technology. The specimen is incubated with the Solid Phase, which contains HSV- 2-specific recombinant-gG2 antigen. Antigen-antibody complexes will form if anti-HSv-2 antibody is present in the specimen. The Lite Reagent contains monoclonal anti-human IgG labeled with acridinium ester, and is used to detect HSV-2 IgG in the specimen.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>COMPARISON PREDICATE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Focus HerpeSelect 1 and 2Immunoblot IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510K n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K000238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K183334</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Focus DiagnosticsCypress, CA 90630 -USA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Siemens HeathcareDiagnostics Inc.511 Benedict Avenue,Tarrytown, NY 10591- USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Focus Diagnostics HerpeSelect 1and 2 Immunoblot IgG test isintended for qualitatively detectingthe presence or absence of humanIgG class antibodies to HSV-1 andHSV-2 in human sera. The test isindicated for testing sexually activeadults or expectant mothers foraiding in the presumptive diagnosisof HSV-1 and HSV-2 infection. Thepredictive value of a positive ornegative result depends on thepopulation&#x27;s prevalence and thepretest likelihood of HSV- 1 andHSV-2 infection. The performanceof this assay has not beenestablished for use in a pediatricpopulation, for neonatal screening,for testing ofimmunocompromised patients, foruse by a point of care facility or foruse with automated equipment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur® Herpes-2 IgG (HSV2) assay is for invitro diagnostic use in thequalitative determination ofIgG antibodies to herpessimplex virus type 2 (HSV-2)in human serum and plasma(EDTA and lithium heparin)using the ADVIA Centaursystems. The test is indicatedfor testing sexually activeadults or expectant mothersfor aiding in the presumptivediagnosis of HSV infection.The predictive value of apositive or negative resultdepends on the prevalence ofHSV-2 infection in thepopulation and the pre-testlikelihood of HSV-2 infection.The test is not FDA clearedfor screening blood or plasmadonors. The performance ofthis assay has not beenestablished forimmunocompromisedpatients, pediatric patients ormatrices other than humanserum and plasma (EDTA andlithium heparin).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To detect the presence or absenceof human IgG class antibodies toHSV-1 and HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To detect IgG antibodies toherpes simplex virus type 2(HSV-2).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LGC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MYF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II Special Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrocellulose immunoblot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescentimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum andplasma (EDTA and lithiumheparin)</td></tr></table>

# 9. Performance Summary

# Precision

A precision study was performed according to CLSI EP05-A3 , using the Negative and Positive Controls as well as 6 samples prepared at different levels in the assay range. Each material was tested in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days, for a total of 80 replicates per level.

The ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay is designed to have the following repeatability and withinlab precision requirements:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur HSV2 Level (Index)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Design Requirement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Lab% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51-0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 15.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80-1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 8.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21-3.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 8.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.01-6.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 6.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 7.0%</td></tr></table>

a ${ \mathsf { N A } } =$ not applicable

The results for this study are presented below.

Precision results for the HSV-2 Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(Index)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative ControlPlasma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control(Plasma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NAa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr></table>

${ \mathsf { N A } } ^ { \mathsf { a } } =$ Not applicable

# Sample matrix

This study was performed on one ADVIA Centaur XP instrument, using 68 sets of matched samples of different matrixes (serum, serum separator tube (SST), EDTA plasma and lithium heparin plasma) from commercial sources.

The samples were analyzed in duplicate in randomized order using one reagent lot.

Comparing Serum Separator Tube (y) vs Serum (x): (Deming regression) $\mathsf { y } = 0 . 0 0 \cdot \mathsf { t }$ $0 . 9 9 \times$ , $\mathsf { r } { = } 0 . 9 9 9$ , sample range for both matrixes 0.02-9.59 Index Value and 0.02- 9.49 Index Value respectively. Note – correlation coefficient is calculated using linear regression.   
 Comparing EDTA Plasma(y) vs Serum (x): (Deming regression) $\forall = \ 0 . 0 0 \ + \ 0 . 9 8 \ \times ,$ $\mathsf { r } { = } 0 . 9 9 8$ , sample range for both matrixes 0.02-9.59 Index Value and 0.02-9.34 Index Value respectively. Note – correlation coefficient is calculated using linear regression.   
 Comparing Lithium Heparin Plasma(y) vs Serum (x): (Deming regression) $\mathsf { y } = - 0 . 0 1 +$ $0 . 9 8 \ \mathsf { x } ,$ ${ \sf r } = 0 . 9 9 7$ , sample range for both matrixes 0.02-9.59 Index Value and 0.01- 9.23 Index Value respectively. Note – correlation coefficient is calculated using linear regression.

The results supports that Serum Separator Tube is equivalent matrix to Serum, EDTA Plasma is equivalent matrix to Serum and Lithium Heparin Plasma is an equivalent matrix to Serum.

# Panels

The commercial sample panels ToRCH-mixed Zeptometrix and CDC panel were analysed.

The ToRCH-mixed Zeptometrix panel included 24 characterized HSV samples. All of the samples were evaluated with the ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG assay on ADVIA Centaur XP instrument and $100 \%$ total agreement was observed with reference assay 1.

The CDC panel included 100 blind characterized HSV samples. All of the samples were evaluated with the ADVIA Centaur Herpe-2 IgG assay on ADVIA Centaur XP instrument and $100 \%$ total agreement was observed in concordance with the results provided by the CDC.

# Interferences

Potential interference in the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay from the compounds listed below is designed to be $\leq 1 0 \%$ . Interfering substances at the levels indicated were tested as described in CLSI Document EP7-A2. The testing was done in three levels of samples in the assay range (high negative, low positive and positive samples) with at least one reagent lot on ADVIA Centaur XP instrument.

Testing confirmed no interference (Demonstrate $\leq 1 0 \%$ change in results) for the ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG up to the following concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum specimens that are.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrate ≤10% change in results upto...</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypoproteinemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyperproteinemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Cross-reactivity

The ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay was evaluated for potential cross-reactivity other viral antibodies, disease-state specimens, and other populations. The HSV-2 IgG status of each specimen was verified using the Comparative Assay. Repeat equivocal specimens on the Comparative Assay were sent to a reference laboratory for Western Blot testing. Total

#

percent agreement for the following clinical categories was $9 6 . 9 \%$ (506/522). The following results were obtained:

# Cross Reactivity Study Performance Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clinical Category</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numbertested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA CentaurHSV2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferenceMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody to hepatitis B surface antigen (Anti-HBS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-gliadin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-nuclear antibodies (ANA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (CMV; HHV-5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated IgG levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated IgM levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV IgG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu vaccine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardenerella vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis C Virus (HCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterophile antibodies (EBV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human herpes virus 6 (HHV-6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human herpes virus 8 (HHV-8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Papillomavirus (HPV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clinical Category</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numbertested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA CentaurHSV2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferenceMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple myeloma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parvovirus B19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor (RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syphilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varicella Zoster virus (HHV-3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>522</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td></tr></table>

# Multisite reproducibility

Reproducibility was evaluated according to the CLSI protocol EP5-A3.25. The ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay is designed to have reproducibility precision requirements of $\leq 1 5 \%$ for specimens with $\ge 0 . 8 0$ Index.

A reproducibility study was conducted using 1 reagent lot at 3 external sites on the ADVIA Centaur XP instrument, using a sample panel blinded and randomized that was composed by the Controls (Negative and Positive) and 6 samples prepared at different levels in the assay range.

The protocol was run over 5 days, 2 runs per day, and 3 replicates per run for the sample pools, and for the negative and positive control materials. The data in the following table represents pooled results from the 3 sites.

The results are presented in the table below.

# Multisite Precision Study Repeatability

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimentype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(Index)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ReproducibilitY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativecontrol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimentype</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(Index)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ReproducibilitY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivecontrol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td></tr></table>

# Clinical study

A multicenter clinical study to compare the reference device with ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG was performed. Sensitivity and specificity were determined by comparing the performance of the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay to a commercially available anti-HSV-2 IgG immunoblot method (Comparative Assay) and a validated Western Blot reference confirmatory test (University of Washington, Seattle). A total of 864 specimens $( \ge 1 8$ years of age), including specimens from 274 pregnant women, were collected within the United States and tested at 3 independent external laboratories. Of these specimens, 254 were reactive, and 610 were nonreactive with the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay. The overall agreement was $9 7 . 6 \%$ (843/864) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (CI) of $9 6 . 3 \% { - 9 8 . 4 \% }$ . Samples were analyzed in singlicate.

Of the 864 specimens tested by the Comparative Assay, 22 were equivocal and were further tested by the Western Blot test. After Western Blot testing, 20 of the 22 specimens were resolved to be negative and 2 remained equivocal.

The results obtained for the intended use population are presented below

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Intended use population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Comparative AssayEquivocal results have been resolved by Western Blot (WB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur HSV2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>607</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864</td></tr></table>

The sensitivity of the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay was $9 5 . 3 \%$ (245/257), with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (CI) of $9 2 . 0 \% - 9 7 . 3 \%$ .

The specificity of the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay was $9 8 . 5 \%$ (598/607), with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (CI) of $9 7 . 2 \% - 9 9 . 2 \%$ .

#

Sensitivity and specificity were determined for the pregnant population by comparing the performance of the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay to the Comparative Assay and Western Blot confirmatory method. The results of pregnant women samples are presented below:

# Pregnant women Study Contingency (WB resolution) table

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Pregnant women</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Comparative assayEquivocal results have been resolved by Western Blot (WB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur HSV2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td></tr></table>

The sensitivity of the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay was $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (34/34) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $8 9 . 9 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \%$ .

The specificity of the ADVIA Centaur HSV2 assay was $9 8 . 3 \%$ (236/240) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of $9 5 . 8 \% - 9 9 . 4 \%$ .

# 10. Stability

The onboard stability of the ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG reagents is 60 days with a calibration interval of 28 days. The onboard stability of the ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG Calibrators is 8 hours. The opened vial stability of the ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG Calibrators is 65 days. Unopened reagents and calibrators are stable until the date printed on the box label when stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ .

# 11. Conclusion

The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the ADVIA Centaur Herpes-2 IgG are substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Focus HerpeSelect 1 and 2 Immunoblot IgG (FDA cleared under K000238), and that the assay is safe and effective for its labeled intended use.