# June 19, 2019

Serosep, Ltd.   
$\%$ Fran White   
MDC Associates, LLC   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

Re: K182703 Trade/Device Name: EntericBio Dx Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PCH, OOI, NSU Dated: September 26, 2018 Received: September 27, 2018

Dear Fran White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k190121</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name IDS SHBG</td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Date of Summary:

# Sponsor

Serosep, Ltd. Annacotty Business Park Annacotty, Limerick, Ireland

# Correspondent

MDC Associates, Inc 180 Cabot Street Beverly, MA 01915 Contact : Fran White Phone : (978) 705 5011 Fax : (978) 927 1308 Email : fran@mdcassoc.com

# Device Trade or Proprietary Name

EntericBio® Dx Assay

Common Name Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay

Product Classification 866.3990

Classification PCH, Class II

# Substantial Equivalency

Serosep, Ltd. believes that the subject devices (new device) of this pre-submission document and subsequently a premarket notification submission (510k) is similar to other molecular devices currently marketed in the US. The device design, features and performance when compared to these devices is similar to BioFire, FilmArray Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel (K140407) in that the intended use, the targeted organism for detection, the analytes, technological principles, and specimen types are similar or the same.

There are differences between the subject new device and the predicate device. Because of these differences, the subject device features and suitability will be validated for its intended use using clinical specimens sourced from symptomatic patients or clinical library specimens and tested by the predicate device.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are summarized below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Element</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject (New) Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discussion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EntericBio® Dx Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Gastrointestinal (Gl) Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New vs. Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA DevicePremarketNotification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K140407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New vs Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA DeviceClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II, 21 CFR 866.3990 -Gastrointestinal microorganismmultiplex nucleic acid-based assay,Microbiology (83 Panel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II, 21 CFR 866.3990 -Gastrointestinal microorganismmultiplex nucleic acid-based assay,Microbiology (83 Panel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative nucleic acid test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative nucleic acid test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Users</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLIA certified clinical laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLIA certified clinical laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The EntericBio® Dx Assayprovides PCR reagents to be used inconjunction with an automatedpipetting system and the ABI 7500 FastDx instrument using standard filters.Results are interpreted using theEntericBio FastFinder plugin. The systemprovides automated, real-timeamplification, detection and analysisand a user constructed templatesuitable for the EntericBio® Dx Assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BioFire FilmArray GastrointestinalPanel is designed to be used with theFilmArray® instrument. The FilmArrayGI pouch contains freeze-driedreagents to perform nucleic acidpurification and nested, multiplex PCRwith DNA melt analysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different: New device differs fromthe predicate device in that therealtime PCR assay kits aredesigned to be used with anautomated pipetting station toaccelerate sample preparation,and a commercially available, FDA-cleared PCR instrument tomeasure the fluorescent probesignal generated duringamplification that are analyzed bythe EntericBio automated analysisand interpretation software.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targets forDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica spp.Shigella spp./ Enteroinvasive E. coli(EIEC)Campylobacter spp. (jejuni, coli and lari)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxinA/B, Campylobacter spp. (C. jejuni, C.coli and C. upsaliensis), Plesiomonasshigelloides, Salmonella spp., Vibriospp., Yersinia enterocolitica,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar, except the predicatedevice is additionally cleared fordetection of a range of othernucleic acid targets from bacteria,parasites and viruses.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STEC (Shiga toxin-producing E. coli),stx1/stx2 genesVibrio spp. (cholerae andparahaemolyticus)Giardia lamblia (also known as G.intestinalis and G. duodenalis)Entamoeba histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enteriaggregative E. coli,Enteropathogenic E. coli,Enterotoxigenic E. coli LT/ST toxins,Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli,Shigella/ Enteroinvasive E. coli,Cryptosporidium spp., Cyclosporacayetanensis, Entamoeba histolytica,Giardia lamblia, Adenovirus F40/41,Astrovirus, Norovirus Gl/GIl, RotavirusA, Sapovirus (GI, GII, GIV and GV).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The EntericBio® Dx Assay performed onABI 7500 Fast Dx real-time instrument,is an in vitro multiplexed nucleic acidtest for the direct, simultaneousqualitative detection and identificationof multiple enteric pathogens in Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens fromindividuals with signs and symptoms ofinfectious colitis or gastroenteritis. Thetest is based on detection of nucleicacids from the following organisms: (seeorganisms above).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray Gastrointestinal Panel(Gl) is intendent for use with theFilmArray® instrument for thequalitative in vitro detection andidentification of multiple bacteria,viruses and parasites. The FilmArray GlPanel is performed directly from stoolspecimens in Cary-Blair transportmedia. The following pathogen types,subtypes and toxin genes areidentified using the FilmArray GI Panel:(see organisms above).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar except for the additionalorganisms detected by thepredicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA/RNA from Cary-Blair preservedfecal specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA/ RNA from Cary-Blair preservedfecal specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human stool (Cary-Blair preserved)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human stool (Cary-Blair preserved)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Amplification Control for eachsample. Kit positive and negativecontrols are processed with each batchof samples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two controls are included in eachreagent pouch to control for sampleprocessing and both stages of PCR andmelt analysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar: The new device IAC islyophilized within the PCR mixwhereas the predicate device hastwo controls included in eachreagent pouch.Substantial equivalence will bedemonstrated in clinical testingusing human specimens andcompared to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR SamplePreparation/Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processed directly followingheat treatment of specimen in a SPStube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processing is automated in theFilmArray® instrument. The sample islysed by a combination of mechanical(bead beating) and chemical meansand the liberated nucleic acid iscaptured, washed and eluted usingmagnetic bead technology.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EntericBio ® Dx kit providesreagents and procedure for DNAtesting without extraction of stoolspecimens.Substantial equivalence will bedemonstrated in clinical testingusing human specimens andcompared to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time multiplex RT-PCR based onthe hydrolysis probe reagent chemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nested multiplex RT-PCR followed byhigh resolution melting analysis toconfirm identity of the PCR product.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different: Both devices usemultiplex real-time PCR howeverthe new device uses hydrolysisprobe reagent chemistrycompared to melting analysis inthe predicate device.Substantial equivalence will bedemonstrated in clinical testingusing human specimens andcompared to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMethodology/Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Applied Biosystems 7500 Fast DxReal-Time PCR instrument is a real-timenucleic acid amplification and five colorfluorescence detection system for usewith the EntericBio® Dx Assay. Resultsare analyzed and interpreted using theEntericBio® FastFinder plugin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and interpretation isautomated on the FilmArray®instrument by analysis of the specificPCR product melts (meltingtemperature).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different: The detection systemand analysis differ between thetwo devices.Substantial equivalence will bedemonstrated in clinical testingusing human specimens andcompared to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The EntericBio® Dx Assay kits provide aPCR master mix with all the reagentsrequired to perform each test which arelyophilized into individual reactionwells. Each reaction well contains anInternal Amplification Control (IAC) tomonitor for PCR inhibition. A syntheticPositive Control (containing targetsequences) is provided with each kit tomonitor the thermal cycling steps andreagent integrity during amplificationand detection process.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray GI panel provides all thereagents lyophilized into a disposablepouch. Each pouch contains twocontrols which monitor sampleprocessing and both stages of PCR andmelt analysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay specific requirements</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The EntericBio® Dx assay, performed on ABI 7500 Fast Dx real-time instrument, is an in vitro multiplexed nucleic acid test for the direct, simultaneous, qualitative detection and identification of multiple enteric pathogens in Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of infectious colitis or gastroenteritis. The test is based on detection of nucleic acids from:

• Salmonella enterica spp.   
• Shigella spp./ Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC) Campylobacter spp. (jejuni, coli and lari) STEC (Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli), stx1/stx2 genes   
• Vibrio spp. (cholerae and parahaemolyticus) Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)   
• Entamoeba histolytica

Testing is performed on Cary-Blair preserved diarrheal specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis of bacterial or parasitic origin. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of Salmonella-specific, Campylobacter-specific, Shigella/ EIEC-specific ipaH, stx1/stx2, Vibrio-specific, Entamoeba-specific and Giardia-specific gene sequences. The test utilizes fluorogenic sequence-specific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings and epidemiological information, as an aid in the diagnosis of Salmonella, Shigella / EIEC, Shigalike toxin-producing E. coli, Campylobacter spp., Vibrio spp., Entamoeba histolytica and Giardia spp. infections in humans.

Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative EntericBio® Dx assay results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

# Methodology

The EntericBio® Dx assay is a molecular in vitro diagnostic test for direct, qualitative detection and identification of the following enteric organisms, associated with human gastroenteritis, directly, from Cary-Blair preserved fecal specimens:

• Salmonella enterica spp., • Shigella spp./ Enteroinvasive E. coli, Campylobacter spp. (jejuni, coli and lari), Vibrio spp. (cholerae and parahaemolyticus),

# • STEC(Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli) stx1/stx2 genes, • Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis), • Entamoeba histolytica

The assay is composed of Stool Preparation Solution (SPS) tubes, PCR reagent strips containing lyophilized reagents, Resuspension Buffer (Negative Kit Control), Positive Kit Control containing DNA from all target analytes (with appropriate reconstitution buffer), and associated accessories,instruments and software for detection of bacterial and parasitic causes of gastroenteritis in humans.

The EntericBio® Dx assay detects target DNA from diarrheal Cary-Blair stool specimens from symptomatic individuals with suspected gastroenteritis or infectious colitis.

The assay works directly from a Cary-Blair preserved stool sample and does not require commercial nucleic acid extraction /purification. The PCR master mix with all the reagents required to perform each test is lyophilized into individual reaction wells on a strip. Each reaction well contains an Internal Amplification Control (IAC) to monitor for PCR inhibition.

# Performance Data: Analytical Performance

# Reproducibility

A reproducibility study was performed to determine the inter-site and overall reproducibility of the EntericBio® Dx assay. Reproducibility testing was performed in-house, simulating a multi-site study by using three instruments (hereinafter ‘in-house sites’) and panels of contrived stool samples, each spiked with various combinations of Vibrio parahaemolyticus, Shigella sonnei and Giardia lamblia. These three target analytes were representative of each of the three component multiplex assays and each analyte was evaluated at three different concentrations (True Negative, Low Positive and Moderate Positive) in three independently manufactured batches of EntericBio® Dx Assay. Reproducibility panels were tested at each of the in-house sites by two different operators for five non-consecutive days.

The acceptance criteria for this study were that the moderate positive target concentration (3x LoD) must show $100 \%$ agreement with the expected result for each target analyte and the low target concentration (1.5x LoD) must show $29 5 \%$ agreement with the expected result for each target analyte.

All targets showed $100 \%$ agreement with the expected result for moderate positive concentrations tested across the in-house sites. Shigella sonnei and Vibrio parahaemolyticus samples showed $100 \%$ agreement with the expected result for low positive concentrations tested the in-house sites. Giardia lamblia at the low positive concentration was observed at $98 \%$ relative to the expected result. All acceptance criteria for each target analyte at each concentration tested across the in-house sites were met, as shown in Tables 1-2 below.

Table 1: Reproducibility study results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FastFinderExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Shigella sonneiDSM 5570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/59*100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179/179100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VibrioparahaemolyticusCCUG 14474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/59*100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179/179100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Giardia lambliaP101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3095%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9098%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/59*100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179/179100%</td></tr></table>

\* One True Negative sample was invalid on the EntericBio FastFinder plugin and subsequently removed from study

Table 2: Summary of the Reproducibility of the Cq Values   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cq Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(Cq)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STDEV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Shigella sonneiDSM 5570</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Well A</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>VibrioparahaemolyticusCCUG 14474</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Well B</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Giardia lambliaP101</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Well C</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serosep 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.05</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the EntericBio® Dx Assay was determined using contrived samples with target analytes spiked into a negative stool matrix (Cary-Blair preserved stool) at three concentrations: greater than estimated LoD (High), estimated LoD (Medium) and less than LoD (Low). A total of 20 replicate EntericBio® Stool Preparation Solution (SPS) were tested from each sample using three independently manufactured lots of EntericBio® Dx assay. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration of analyte that can be consistently detected $29 5 \%$ of the time. A minimum of two strains were tested for each EntericBio® Dx target organism and toxin gene. Table 3 lists the LoD determined for each target organism.

Table 3: LoD determined using the EntericBio® Dx Assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica serovar Enteritidis DSM 17420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi NCTC 10787</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shigellaspp./EIEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei DSM 5570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli (ipaH) DSM 9029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Campylobacterspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni ATCC 33560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli DSM 4689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter lari DSM 11375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Escherichia coli(STEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli (stx1) NVRL 15x23 RE-008 (O111:H-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 105 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli (stx2) NVRL 15x24 RE-006 (O26:H11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Vibrio spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus CCUG 14474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae NCTC 3661</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis (WB) ATCC 30957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis (New Orleans) ATCC 50137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica (HM-1: IMSS) ATCC 30459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica (HK-9) ATCC 30015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 cells/mL</td></tr></table>

# Fresh vs. Frozen

The Fresh versus Frozen Specimen Stability study was performed to support the inclusion of frozen, retrospective specimens and contrived samples in the clinical and analytical studies of the EntericBio® Dx assay; the test is not intended for use on frozen specimens.

Sixty contrived samples were prepared for each EntericBio® Dx target analyte and tested at Time 0 (T0). These samples were subsequently frozen at $\mathsf { - 2 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ for 3 months before re-testing. Contrived samples were prepared in a negative stool matrix (Cary-Blair preserved stool) with target analytes spiked at three concentrations (5X, 2X and 1X LoD).

Agreement between detection of fresh and frozen samples was $100 \%$ for Salmonella, Shigella and STEC and $180 \%$ for four analytes (Campylobacter, Vibrio, Giardia and Entamoeba). Additional testing was performed using frozen clinical specimens from the prospective study to further support the inclusion of these four analytes in clinical studies.

# Analytical Reactivity/Inclusivity

The analytical reactivity (Inclusivity) of the EntericBio® Dx Assay was determined using a panel of 101 target organisms (Table 4 below) which represents the diversity of the EntericBio® Dx target analytes. Fifteen of these organisms were also evaluated in the LoD determination study.

Table 4: EntericBio® target analytes used in this study

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supplier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Catalogue Number</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica serovar Enteritidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 17420</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC²2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 10787</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarCholerasuis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 7001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarParatyphi B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8759</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarParatyphi A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9281</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarParatyphi C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13428</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarTyphimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 101475</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarDublin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 102345</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarAgona</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 102864</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarHeidelberg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9379</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarInfantis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 10679</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarThompson</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 2252</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarOranienburg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 5743</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarBareilly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 5745</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarMontevideo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 5747</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarBraenderup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 5750</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarMuenchen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 5755</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarSaintpaul</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 6022</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarMississippi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 6487</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarJaviana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 6495</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarNewport</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 6704</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarSchwarzengrund</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 6756</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovarHadar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9877</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica I serovar 4,[5] 12:i:-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSSLRL5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NSSLRL Ms170397</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. II (salame)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9220</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. Ila (arizonae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9386</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. Ilb (diarizonae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 14847</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. IV (houtenae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9221</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. VI (indica)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 14848</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 5570</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 25715</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 11060</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25931</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9290</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri (serotype 2a)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 4782</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri (serotype 2a)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700930</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri (serotype 1a)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9199</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri (serotype 2b)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12022</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri (serotype 6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12025</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii (serotype 2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 7532</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii (serotype 1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9207</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii (serotype 20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1247</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii (serotype 10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12030</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii (serotype 4)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae (serotype 1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 4837</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae (serotype 2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 5109</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae (serotype 7)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9763</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae (serotype 3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 6340</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriae (serotype 9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9347</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli EIEC (serotype O28ac:H-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9025</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli EIEC (serotype O29:H10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9026</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli EIEC (serotype O136:H-)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9032</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli EIEC (serotype O124:H30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9031</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli EIEC (serotype O144:H-) (ipaH)8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 9029</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33560</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 104743</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 27585</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni subsp. doylei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 104768</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni subsp. doylei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12208</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 110395</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 24155</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 24106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 24206</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 4689</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSMZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 11375</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12892</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12893</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12894</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter lari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12895</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 101031</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 11058</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 15477</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSM 27657</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 14474</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae (0:1 Ogawa classical)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 3661</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae O:1 Biotype El Tor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 8457</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae O:1 Ogawa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 8021</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae non-O:1, non-0139 (0:3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 11502</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157 (stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 17X01 RE-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157 (stx1 &amp; stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL17X04 RE-002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O157 (stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 17X09 RE-003</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157 (stx1 &amp; stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 17X15 RE-004</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157 (stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 17S110 RE-005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O103:H2 (stx1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 17X128 RE-010</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O111:H8 (stx1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 13S5371 RE-009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O121:H19 (stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 15X18 RE-007</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157:NM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL O6-CC3 RE-011</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 0157:H7 (stx1 &amp; stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12079 NVRLRE-012</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O157:H- (stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 12080</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O111:H- (stx1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 15x23 RE-008</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O26:H11 (stx2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NVRL 15x24 RE-006</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O113 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 045 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O1047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O145 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis (WB)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30957</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis (New-Orleans-1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50137</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis GS Assemblage B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50581</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis Portland 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30888</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis Mario</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-244</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica (HM-1: IMSS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30459</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica (HK-9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30015</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica HB-301:NIH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30190</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica HU-21:AMC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30457</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica IP:1182:2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-357</td></tr></table>

1 DSMZ - Deutsche Sammlung von Mikroorganismen und Zenllkulturen 2 NCTC - National Collection of Type Cultures, a Culture Collection of Public Health England 3 ATCC – American Type Culture Collection 4 NVRL - National VTEC Reference Laboratory, Ireland 5 NSSLRL- National Salmonella, Shigella and Listeria Reference Lab, Galway, Ireland 6 CCUG – Culture Collection University of Gothenburg 7 Inclusivity predicted based on in-silico analysis 8 EIEC strain which also generates positive result for Shigella/EIEC (ipaH)

Testing was performed using contrived samples with target analytes spiked into a negative stool matrix (Cary-Blair preserved stool) at a concentration of approximately three times the respective LoD, where possible.

All organisms tested were detectable over three replicates demonstrating the inclusivity of the EntericBio® Dx assay.

# Analytical Exclusivity

The analytical reactivity (Exclusivity) of the EntericBio® Dx Assay was determined using a comprehensive panel of 133 bacteria, viruses and parasites (Table 5 below). The panel of organisms tested consisted of organisms closely related to the EntericBio® Dx assay targets and organisms likely to be found in human feces.

Table 5: Microorganisms used in this study   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia aldovae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidiummeleagridis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter koseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas putida1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia bercovieri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium Skunkgenotype1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rahnella aquatilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersiniaentomophaga</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidiumubiquitum1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus A1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia frederiksenii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidiumviatorum1, 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordelli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ruminococcus gauvreauii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia intermedia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia vulneris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cronobacter sakazakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia kristensenii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidiumcuniculus1,3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dientamoeba fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sapovirus1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia massiliensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium Horsegenotype1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia mollaretti</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium felis1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Encephalitozoon cuniculi1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia nurmii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium canis1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia odoriferae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia pekkaneneii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium xiaoi1, 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia rubidaea</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersiniapseudotuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidiumandersonil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia rodhei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium baileyi1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia ruckeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba dispar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eubacterium rectale1, 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia similis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoebamoshkovoskii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ewingella americana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio alginolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba invadens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacteriumgonidiaformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio fluvialis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus equinus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio furnissii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus F401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium varium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio mimicus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hafnia alvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter concisus1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio harvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcushydrogenalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter curvus1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio fischeri1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerostipes hadrus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter fetus subsp.Fetus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio damsela</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcobacter butzleri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter fetus subsp.Venerealis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Griomontia hollisae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Astrovirus1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter gracilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio diazotrophicus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter helveticus1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio proteolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus subtilis subspsubtilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter hominis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio natrigens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus subtilis subspspizizenii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacterhyointestinalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio pelagius1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GGI1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter mucosalis1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio campbellii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroidesthetaiotaomicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus GGII1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter rectus1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio vulnificus8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium breve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter showae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli nontoxigenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium longum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter sputorum1,9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli(Enteropathogenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blastocystis hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter ureolyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli(Enterotoxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella bongori</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichiahermannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacteramalonaticus1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella subterranea</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia blattae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter upsaliensis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusonii</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Testing was performed using contrived samples with target analytes spiked into a negative stool matrix (Cary-Blair preserved stool) at a concentration of ${ 1 0 ^ { 6 } } \mathsf { C F U }$ or cells/mL. Genomic DNA/RNA was tested at a concentration of ${ 1 0 ^ { 6 } }$ genomic equivalents per reaction where possible.

The non-target organisms which were shown to cross react were all closely related to their respective target organism and shared significant sequence similarity and are presented below (Table 6).

Table 6: Non-target organisms for which cross reactivity was observed with the EntericBio® Dx assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reacting Organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Analyte</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio campbellii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio fluvialis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio furnissii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio mimicus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio fischeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio natriegens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio</td></tr></table>

# Microbial Interference

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the EntericBio® Dx Assay in the presence of high concentrations of eleven microorganisms that are commonly found in fecal specimens (Table 7). Each potentially interfering microorganism was tested in the presence of 3X LoD of each target analyte in the EntericBio® Dx assay. No interference was observed between the potentially interfering organisms and the IAC or any of the EntericBio® Dx target analytes tested.

Table 7: Potentially interfering microorganisms tested in this study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 17695</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 2151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 20231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 30083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 20478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 798</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 1848</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not quantifiable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 50071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 5175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSM 1577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

DSMZ - Deutsche Sammlung von Mikroorganismen und Zenllkulturen

A study was performed to evaluate the performance of the EntericBio® Dx Assay in the presence of 23 potentially interfering/cross-reactive substances, at high, but clinically relevant levels, that might be present in fecal specimens. Each substance was tested in the presence of each target analyte detected by the assay at low positive concentrations. Each substance was also evaluated in negative stool samples (without target organisms) where results demonstrated IAC failure in the presence of Benzalkonium chloride at a concentration of ${ > } 1 \% \ v / \ v$ and Hemorrhoidal cream at a concentration of ${ > } 1 \% \ w / \mathsf { v }$ .

Overall, the presence of 21/23 potentially interfering substances had no effect on the detection of the target analytes or the EntericBio® Dx assay internal control at the concentrations listed in Table 8 below. A false negative result for V. parahaemolyticus was observed for $1 / 3$ sample replicates containing hemorrhoidal cream $( 1 \% \ w / \mathsf { v } )$ and false negative results for C. jejuni were observed for $2 / 3$ sample replicates containing tetracycline $( 1 . 6 \% \mathsf { w } / \mathsf { v } )$ .

Table 8: Highest concentration of each substance for which most EntericBio® Dx target analytes were detected (Substances for which Interference was observed are bolded)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v{$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15% v/v³3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemorrhoidal cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v1,3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laxative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamide Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% w/v³</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnesium Hydroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% w/v³3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen sodium (NSAID)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin Cream</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sudocrem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethoxazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4% w/v³3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8% w/v2,3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethoprim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vagisil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Human Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v^³}$</td></tr></table>

1 V. parahaemolyticus failed in 1/3 replicates at this concentration $^ 2 C .$ jejuni was only tested at $1 . 6 \%$ w/v and $2 / 3$ replicates failed at this concentration 3 Interference for detection of one or more targeted organisms was observed for samples with higher than the listed concentration

# Competitive Inhibition

This study was performed to evaluate the performance of the EntericBio® Dx Assay when challenged with combinations of target analytes in order to determine the potential for competitive interference in patient specimens with mixed infections. The combinations of analytes tested were selected based on the frequency of co-infections reported in the literature. This study was performed using Cary Blair preserved negative stool specimens spiked with dual EntericBio® Dx target analyte combinations. Binary combinations of target analytes were spiked at both high and low concentrations and tested in triplicate (Table 9).

The potential for competitive inhibition was not evaluated for analytes detected in Well B (Vibrio cholerae/parahaemolyticus and STEC) Based on the results data, competitive inhibition was observed for Giardia lamblia in the presence of both low or high concentrations of Entamoeba histolytica.

Table 9: Combinations of Entericbio® Dx Target Analytes Evaluated For Competitive Inhibition   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EntericBio® Dx Target Analyte Combinations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella High (300x LoD) &amp; Campylobacter Low (3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella Low (18X LoD) &amp; Campylobacter High (50X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella High (200x LoD) &amp; Giardia Low (3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella Low (12X LoD) &amp; Giardia High (50X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba High (50X LoD) &amp; Cryptosporidium Low (10X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba Low (3X LoD) &amp; Cryptosporidium High (50X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium High (50X LoD) &amp; Giardia Low (3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium Low (10X LoD) &amp; Giardia High (50X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter High (50X LoD) &amp; Giardia Low (3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter Low (3X LoD) &amp; Giardia High (50X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter High (50X LoD) &amp; Cryptosporidium Low (10X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter Low (3X LoD) &amp; Cryptosporidium High (50X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella High (300x LoD) &amp; Cryptosporidium Low (10X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella Low (12X LoD) &amp; Cryptosporidium High (50X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba High (50X LoD) &amp; Giardia Low (3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba Low (3X LoD) &amp; Giardia High (50X LoD)</td></tr></table>

# Carry-Over and Cross Contamination

The Cross-Contamination (Carryover) study was performed to investigate the potential for carryover and cross-contamination of the EntericBio® Dx assay on the EntericBio® Workstation between and within experiments. Samples with a high concentration of target organism(s) were processed in alternating sequence with negative samples. Contrived samples were prepared in a negative stool matrix (Cary-Blair preserved stool) with two representative target analytes (one bacterial (Shigella sonnei) and one parasitic target (Giardia lamblia)) spiked at a high concentration (800x and 1000x LoD respectively). Two representative negative samples were prepared from an uninoculated negative stool matrix. The study consisted of three separate experiments for each target analyte and each experiment contained 30 samples (15 positive and 15 negative).

No carryover or cross-contamination occurred with the EntericBio® Dx assay on the EntericBio® Workstation between or within each of the assay experiments.

# Specimen Stability

The specimen stability study was performed to determine the recommended specimen storage conditions for use with the EntericBio® Dx assay.

The recommended storage conditions for Cary-Blair preserved stool is 5 days at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C .$ .

# Real Time Stability

The objective of this study is to determine the shelf life in real-time of the EntericBio® Dx assay and its constituent components.

The shelf life was determined to be six (6) months at ${ 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C }$ .

# Clinical Performance

Performance characteristics of the EntericBio® Dx assay were established in a multi-site clinical study, including three (3) distinct study sites - two (2) US clinical sites and one (1) nonUS clinical site.

The performance of the EntericBio® Dx assay was assessed by testing 4 specimen types:

1) Fresh, prospectively-collected, Cary-Blair preserved fecal specimens from patients presenting with symptoms of gastrointestinal infection;   
2) Fresh, selected Cary-Blair preserved fecal specimens from patients presenting with symptoms of gastrointestinal infection. Specimens were selected based on the results obtained with Standard of Care methods in use at the study sites;   
3) Frozen, well characterized Cary-Blair preserved fecal specimens from patients presenting with symptoms of gastrointestinal infection, known to be positive for selected target analytes;   
4) Spiked/Contrived Cary-Blair preserved fecal samples for lower prevalence targets

The performance of the EntericBio® Dx assay in fresh and archived specimens was evaluated by comparing the test result for each target analyte with the appropriate comparator method(s).

For STEC and Campylobacter target analytes, a composite comparator method of three FDAcleared assays was used for fresh specimens. A specimen was characterised as positive if 2 out of 3 comparator assays were positive and a specimen was characterized as negative if 2 out of 3 comparator assays were negative. For the remaining target analytes and archived specimens, the comparator method consisted of one, FDA-cleared assay.

A total of 1523 fresh samples (1491 prospective, 32 select) were enrolled during the clinical trial. Of the 1491 prospective samples, 19 were excluded from the study, giving 1472 evaluable samples. The reasons for exclusion included invalid test result for the EntericBio® Dx assay $\scriptstyle ( n = 9 )$ or by the comparator method $( n = 6 )$ , Indeterminate result by the EntericBio® Dx assay $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1 )$ , specimen not tested with comparator method within sample stability $( n = 2 )$ , duplicate specimen from previously enrolled patient $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1 )$ .

Table 10 provides a summary of demographic information for the fresh specimens enrolled into the clinical study.

Table 10: Demographic Summary for the fresh specimens $\scriptstyle ( n = 1 5 2 3$ ) enrolled into the clinical study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>636 (41.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>880 (57.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (0.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (0.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 (4.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62 (4.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-65 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>863 (56.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+ 65 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489 (32.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (0.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outpatient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>692 (45.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In-patient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700 (46.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emergency Care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94 (6.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Long term care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 (1.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1523</td></tr></table>

Several target analytes had a low prevalence in the fresh clinical samples. To supplement the results of the fresh testing, 212 frozen, retrospective positive specimens were included in the study. These specimens were selected and archived based on previously testing positive for the desired target analytes by routine diagnostic methods used by the collection sites.

Of the 212 archived specimens enrolled into the frozen clinical study, 3 samples were excluded from the study, giving 209 evaluable samples. The reason for exclusion was invalid test result for the EntericBio® Dx assay $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1 )$ and Indeterminate result by the EntericBio® Dx assay $( n = 2 )$ .

The archived specimens were distributed across the three testing sites and were randomized such that the users performing the testing were blinded as to the expected test result.

Table 11 provides a summary of demographic information for the archived specimens enrolled into the clinical study.

Table 11: Demographic Summary for the archived specimens $\scriptstyle ( n = 2 1 2 )$ ) enrolled into the clinical study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105 (49.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103 (48.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (2.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 (24.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 (9.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (6.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-65 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (45.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+ 65 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 (9.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (1.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of specimens (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Outpatient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136 (64.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In-patient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 (19.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emergency Care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (12.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Long term care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (2.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td></tr></table>

Since prevalence of some target analytes (Vibrio and Entamoeba histolytica) was very low, both prospective and retrospective specimens did not yield adequate specimen numbers to demonstrate sufficient performance with the EntericBio® Dx assay. To supplement the fresh and frozen specimen data, contrived samples $\scriptstyle ( 1 1 = 3 1 0 )$ were prepared and tested with the EntericBio® Dx assay. Contrived samples were prepared for each target analyte using unique fecal matrix from residual fresh specimens which had previously tested negative for all target analytes. Positive specimens were spiked at various levels, using multiple strains for each organism. Contrived samples were randomized with negative specimens so that the users were blinded to the expected result.

Of the 310 contrived samples prepared for the contrived sample study, there were no samples that were excluded from the study, giving 310 evaluable samples.

The performance of the EntericBio® Dx assay in contrived samples was evaluated by comparing the test result for each target analyte with the expected sample result, based on the organism/ strain used for spiking.

The results of the EntericBio® Dx assay testing are presented in Tables 12a-12g below. Clinical study results have been stratified by the specimen type.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12a: Summary of the Clinical Performance for Salmonella</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Selocl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>cit cian</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>rress</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All-Comers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%24/261(75.9-97.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1446/1446(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%9/10²(59.6-98.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%22/22(85.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rrzenn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%12/143(60.1-96.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%195/195(98.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%309/310(98.2-99.9)</td></tr></table>

12/2 Salmonella FN observed were negative for Salmonella when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay $^ { 2 } 1 / 1$ Salmonella FN observed was positive for Salmonella when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay $^ { 3 } 1 / 2$ Salmonella FN observed was negative for Salmonella when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay. $_ { 1 / 2 }$ Salmonella FN observed was positive for Salmonella when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>cemqocc</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ciicde cen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>rres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All-Comers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%50/51(89.7-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%1418/1421(99.4-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%9/9(70.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%23/23(85.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rrzenn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%15/164(71.7-98.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%193/193(98.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%310/310(98.8-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { 4 } 1 / 1$ Campylobacter FN observed were negative for Campylobacter when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12c: Summary of the Clinical Performance for Shigella/EIEC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SkI/kll!C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ciicds cin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>rres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All-Comers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%14/14(78.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1458/1458(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%3/3(43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%29/29(88.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rrron</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9%10/115(62.3-98.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%198/198(98.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%310/310(98.8-100)</td></tr></table>

51/1 Shigella/EIEC FN observed was negative for Shigella/EIEC when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12d: Summary of the Clinical Performance for STEC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>STE</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ciitde ceian</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>rres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All-Comers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%8/8(67.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1462/1464(99.5-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%3/3(43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%29/29(88.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rrzenn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%70-746(86.9-97.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%135/135(92.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%310/310(98.8-100)</td></tr></table>

64/4 STEC FN observed were negative for STEC when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12e: Summary of the Clinical Performance for Vibrio</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Ai</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>citds cann</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ares</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All-Comers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%0/37(0.0-56.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1469/1469(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%32/32(89.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rrzenn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%209/209(98.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%100/100(96.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%210/210(98.2-100)</td></tr></table>

73/3 Vibrio FN observed were negative for Vibrio when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12f: Summary of the Clinical Performance for Giardia lamblia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>iqi id</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>cicds ciann</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>rres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All-Comers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%12/148(60.1-96.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1457/1458(99.6-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%3/3(43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%29/29(88.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rrron</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%29/29(88.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%180/180(97.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%310/310(98.8-100)</td></tr></table>

82/2 Giardia FN observed were negative for Giardia when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Table 12g: Summary of the Clinical Performance for Entamoeba histolytica</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Bithos bqoc∃</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>citde cenan</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>rres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All-Comers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1472/1472(99.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%32/32(89.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rrzenn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%0/29(0.0-65.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%207/207(98.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Simulated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%74/75(92.3-99.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%235/235(98.4-100)</td></tr></table>

92/2 Entamoeba FN observed were positive for Entamoeba when tested with an alternative FDA cleared PCR

The EntericBio® Dx assay reported multiple organism detections (co-infections) for a total of 3 specimens. This represents $0 . 2 0 \%$ of all fresh specimens tested (3/1504). All multiple detections contained two target analytes and all were concordant with the comparator method(s) used for the respective target analytes. The summary of the multi-detections reported by the EntericBio® Dx assay is presented in Table 13.

The comparator assay(s) reported multiple organism detections (co-infections) for a total of 5 specimens. This represents $0 . 3 3 \%$ of all fresh specimens tested (5/1504). All multiple detections contained two target analytes. From the 5 samples with reported co-detections, the EntericBio® Dx assay did not detect a second target analyte in 2 specimens and none of the discordant specimens reported as co-infections were confirmed with an alternative FDAcleared assay. The summary of the multi-detections reported by the comparator assay is presented in Table 14.

Table 13: Distinct Multi-detections detected in fresh clinical specimens $\scriptstyle ( n = 1 , 5 0 4 )$ by the EntericBio® Dx assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte_1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte_2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number of Discrepantspecimens (FP byEntericBio)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantAnalyte(s)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

Table 14: Distinct Multi-detections detected in fresh clinical specimens $\scriptstyle ( n = 1 , 5 0 4 )$ by the comparator methods   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte_1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte_2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofDiscrepantspecimens (FN byEntericBio)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantAnalyte(s)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardiaa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardiab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

a Sample was negative with EntericBio® Dx and an alternative FDA-cleared assay b Sample was negative with EntericBio® Dx and an alternative FDA-cleared assay

Of the 1482 prospective (fresh) specimens initially evaluated with EntericBio® Dx assay, 28 specimens $( 1 . 9 \% )$ were initially reported as Invalid. Following a repeat test, 19 out of 28 invalid specimens generated valid results. Repeat testing was not performed for 3 of the 28 invalid specimens and these specimens remained as Invalid. None of the 32 select (fresh) specimens were initially reported as invalid. Of the 212 retrospective specimens initially evaluated with EntericBio® Dx assay, 2 specimens $( 0 . 9 \% )$ were initially reported as Invalid. Following a repeat test, 1 out of 2 invalid specimens was resolved. Repeat testing was not performed for the other specimen which remained invalid. The total numbers provided in Table 15 are based on compliant specimens and EntericBio® Dx assay results.

Table 15: Summary of Invalid results observed during clinical trial with the EntericBio® Dx assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Initial Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Final Invalid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/1482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3-2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9*/1482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-10.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-10.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/1514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3-2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9*/1514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1**/212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/1726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2-2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/1726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-1.2%</td></tr></table>

$^ { \ast } 1 9 / 2 8$ initial invalids for fresh specimens were resolved upon repeat; $6 / 2 8$ were invalid upon repeat and 3/28 were not repeated $^ { * * } 1 / 2$ initial Invalid results was resolved upon repeat and $_ { 1 / 2 }$ was not repeated

Of the 1482 prospective (fresh) specimens initially evaluated with EntericBio® Dx assay, 1 specimen $( 0 . 1 \% )$ was initially reported as Indeterminate. Repeat testing was not performed and the specimen remained as Indeterminate.

None of the 32 select (fresh) specimens initially reported as Indeterminate. Of the 212 retrospective specimens initially evaluated with EntericBio® Dx assay, 2 specimens $( 0 . 9 \% )$ were initially reported as Indeterminate. Repeat testing for these 2 specimens was not performed and the specimens remained as Indeterminate. The total numbers provided in Table 16 are based on compliant specimens and EntericBio® Dx assay results.

Table 16: Summary of Indeterminate results observed during clinical trial with the EntericBio® Dx assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Initial Indeterminate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Final Indeterminate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*/1482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-10.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-10.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*/1514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2**/212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/1726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/1726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-0.5%</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } 1 / 1$ initial indeterminate result was not repeated $^ { * * } 2 / 2$ initial indeterminate results were not repeated

Of the 1482 prospective (fresh) specimens initially evaluated with EntericBio® Dx assay, 29 specimens $( 2 . 0 \% )$ were initially Non-reportable (Invalid and Indeterminate combined). Following a repeat test, 19 out of 29 Non-reportable results were resolved. Repeat testing was not performed for 4 of the 29 non-reportable results and the specimens remained as Non-reportable. None of the 32 select (fresh) specimens were Non-reportable.

Of the 212 retrospective specimens initially evaluated with EntericBio® Dx assay, 4 specimens $( 1 . 9 \% )$ were initially Non-reportable. Following a repeat test, 1 out of 4 Non-reportable results was resolved. Repeat testing was not performed for 3 of the 4 specimens with non-reportable results, and the specimens remained as Non-reportable.

The total numbers provided in Table 17 are based on compliant specimens and EntericBio® Dx assay results.

Table 17: Summary of all Non-reportable results observed during clinical trial with the EntericBio® Dx assay   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Initial All Non-reportable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Final All Non-reportable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/1482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4-2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/1482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4-1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Select (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-10.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-10.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/1514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3-2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10*/1514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4-1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7-4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3**/212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-4.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33/1726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4-2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/1726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4-1.3%</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } 1 9 / 2 9$ initial non-reportable results for fresh specimens were resolved upon repeat; 6/29 were non reportable upon repeat and 4/29 were not repeated ${ } ^ { * * } 1 / 4$ initial non-reportable results was resolved upon repeat and $3 / 4$ were not repeated

# Statement of Safety and Effectiveness

The data presented clearly demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the EntericBio® Dx assay as compared to the reference method when the product’s Instructions for Use are followed.