GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated   
Beth Stofka   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
5964 La Place Court   
Carlsbad, California 92008

Re: K182690 Trade/Device Name: ePlex Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen (BCID-FP) Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3365 Regulation Name: Multiplex nucleic acid assay for identification of microorganisms and resistance markers from positive blood cultures Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PEO Dated: September 26, 2018 Received: September 27, 2018

Dear Beth Stofka:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Uwe Scherf -S

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K182690

Device Name ePlex Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen (BCID-FP) Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GenMark ePlex Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen (BCID-FP) Panel is a qualitative nucleic acid multiplex in vitro diagnostic test intended for use on GenMark's ePlex Instrument for simultaneous detection and identification of multiple potentially pathogenic fungal organisms in positive blood culture. The ePlex BCID-FP Panel is performed directly on blood culture samples identified as positive by a continuous monitoring blood culture system and which contain fungal organism.

The following fungal organisms are identified using the ePlex BCID-FP Panel: Candida albicans, Candida auris, Candida dubliniensis, Candida famata, Candida glabrata, Candida guilliermondii, Candida kefyr, Candida krusei, Candida lusitaniae, Candida parapsilosis, Candida tropicalis, Cryptococcus gattii, Cryptococcus neoformans, Fusarium and Rhodotorula.

The detection and identification of specific fungal nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and/or symptoms of bloodstream infection aids in the diagnosis of bloodstream infection when used in conjunction with other clinical information. The results from the ePlex BCID-FP Panel are intended to be interpreted in conjunction with Gram stain results and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a suspected bloodstream infection may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms; the organism(s) detected by the ePlex BCID-FP Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. sub-culturing of positive blood cultures for identification of organisms not detected by ePlex BCID-FP Panel, susceptibility testing and differentiation of mixed growth) and clinical presentation must be taken into consideration in the final diagnosis of bloodstream infection.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

# Submitter Information

Submitter: GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated 5964 La Place Court Carlsbad, CA 92008   
Manufacturer: GenMark Diagnostics, Incorporated 5964 La Place Court Carlsbad, CA 92008   
Establishment Registration Number: 3008632402   
Contact: Beth Stofka Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Phone: 760-579-4778   
Fax: 760-683-6961   
E-mail: Beth.Stofka@genmarkdx.com   
Alternate Contact: Alan Maderazo, Ph.D., RAC Vice President, Quality, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs   
Phone: 760-448-4308   
Fax: 760-683-6961   
E-mail: Al.Maderazo@genmarkdx.com   
Date Prepared: September 27, 2018

# Name of Device and Classification

Product Name: ePlex® Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen (BCID-FP) Panel

Device Classification: 866.3980, Multiplex nucleic acid assay for identification of microorganisms and resistance markers from positive blood cultures, Class II

Product Code(s): PEO

# Predicate Device

Predicate:

# FilmArray Blood Culture Identification Panel; BioFire Diagnostics; K130914

# Device Description

The ePlex Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen (BCID-FP) Panel is based on the principles of competitive nucleic acid hybridization using a sandwich assay format, wherein a single-stranded target binds concurrently to a sequence-specific solution-phase signal probe and a solid-phase electrode-bound capture probe. The test employs nucleic acid extraction, target amplification via polymerase chain reaction (PCR) or reverse transcription PCR (RT-PCR) and hybridization of target DNA. In the process, the double-stranded PCR amplicons are digested with exonuclease to generate single-stranded DNA suitable for hybridization.

Nucleic acid extraction from biological samples occurs within the cartridge via cell lysis, nucleic acid capture onto magnetic beads, and release for amplification. The nucleic acid extraction is processed through microfluidic liquid handling. Once the nucleic acid targets are captured and inhibitors are washed away, the magnetic particles are delivered to the electrowetting environment on the printed circuit board (PCB) and the targets are eluted from the particles and amplified.

During hybridization, the single-stranded target DNA binds to a complementary, single-stranded capture probe immobilized on the working gold electrode surface. Single-stranded signal probes (labeled with electrochemically active ferrocenes) bind to specific target sequence / region adjacent to the capture probe. Simultaneous hybridization of target to signal probes and capture probe is detected by alternating current voltammetry (ACV). Each working electrode on the array contains specific capture probes, and sequential analysis of each electrode allows detection of multiple analyte targets.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use

The GenMark ePlex® Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen (BCID-FP) Panel is a qualitative nucleic acid multiplex in vitro diagnostic test intended for use on GenMark’s ePlex Instrument for simultaneous detection and identification of multiple potentially pathogenic fungal organisms in positive blood culture. The ePlex BCID-FP Panel is performed directly on blood culture samples identified as positive by a continuous monitoring blood culture system and which contain fungal organism.

The following fungal organisms are identified using the ePlex BCID-FP Panel: Candida albicans, Candida auris, Candida dubliniensis, Candida famata, Candida glabrata, Candida guilliermondii, Candida kefyr, Candida krusei, Candida lusitaniae, Candida parapsilosis, Candida tropicalis, Cryptococcus gattii, Cryptococcus neoformans, Fusarium and Rhodotorula.

The detection and identification of specific fungal nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and/or symptoms of bloodstream infection aids in the diagnosis of bloodstream infection when used in conjunction with other clinical information. The results from the ePlex BCID-FP Panel are intended to be interpreted in conjunction with Gram stain results and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a suspected bloodstream infection may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms; the organism(s) detected by the ePlex BCID-FP Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. sub-culturing of positive blood cultures for identification of organisms not detected by ePlex BCID-FP Panel, susceptibility testing and differentiation of mixed growth) and clinical presentation must be taken into consideration in the final diagnosis of bloodstream infection.

# Summary of Technological Characteristics of the Device Compared to the Predicate Device

The GenMark ePlex Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen (BCID-FP) Panel (“Subject Device”) and the legally marketed device, FilmArray Blood Culture Identification Panel, K130914, (“Predicate Device”) are described below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ePlex BCID-FP Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray BCID Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenMark Diagnostics, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire Diagnostics, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicansCandida aurisCandida dubliniensis,Candida famataCandida glabrataCandida guilliermondiiCandida kefyrCandida kruseiCandida lusitaniaeCandida parapsilosisCandida tropicalisCryptococcus gattiiCryptococcus neoformansFusariumRhodotorula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococci, Listeria monocytogenes,commonly encountered Staphylococci(including specific differentiation ofStaphylococcus aureus), commonlyencountered Streptococci (withspecific differentiation ofStreptococcus agalactiae,Streptococcus pneumoniae, andStreptococcus pyogenes),Acinetobacter baumannii, commonlyencountered Enterobacteriaceae(including specific differentiation ofthe Enterobacter cloacae complex,Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca,Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus, andSerratia marcescens), Haemophilusinfluenzae, Neisseria meningitidis(encapsulated), Pseudomonasaeruginosa, Candida albicans,Candida glabrata, Candida kruseiCandida parapsilosis, and Candidatropicalis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ePlex BCID-FP Panel is indicatedas an aid in the diagnosis ofbloodstream infections. The use ofadditional laboratory testing (e.g. sub-culturing of positive blood cultures foridentification of organisms not detectedby the ePlex BCID-FP Panel and forsusceptibility testing, differentiation ofmixed growth) and clinical presentationmust be taken into consideration in thefinal diagnosis of blood streaminfection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray BCID is indicated as an aidin the diagnosis of specific agents ofbacteremia and fungemia and resultsshould be used in conjunction withother clinical and laboratory findings.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood culture samples identified aspositive by a continuous monitoringblood culture system and whichcontain fungal organism.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood culture samples identified aspositive by a continuous monitoringblood culture system that demonstratesthe presence of organisms asconfirmed by Gram stain.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents on cartridge include: samplelysis and nucleic acid extraction, PCRamplification and hybridization-basedelectrochemical detection reagents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray BCID pouch containsfreeze-dried reagents to performnucleic acid purification and nested,multiplex PCR with DNA meltanalysis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenMark ePlex Instrument &amp; SingleUse Cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Instrument and assay pouch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SoftwareInterfaceResult Reporting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenMark ePlex System SoftwareGenMark ePlex BCID-FP PanelSoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray Software automaticallyinterprets the results of each DNAmelt curve analysis and combines thedata with the results of the internalpouch controls to provide a test resultfor each organism and antimicrobialresistance gene on the panel.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

# EXPECTED VALUES

A prospective, multicenter clinical study was conducted to evaluate the clinical performance of the ePlex BCID-FP Panel in positive blood culture samples. A total of 447 positive blood culture samples were collected at 6 clinical sites in 2 phases from patients of all ages and genders. Samples were collected and frozen for future testing from May 2015 through July 2016. Samples were collected from July through August 2018 and tested fresh (never frozen). Of these 447 samples, 21 had a Gram stain result indicating fungal organism. The expected values of individual analytes based on the ePlex BCID-FP Panel results in the 21 prospective samples are summarized by age group and by site in Tables 1 and 2 below.

Table 1: Expected Value by Age Group (Prospective Samples)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Ages(N=21)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age &lt;1(N=1)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age 1-17(N=2)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(N=4)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(N=11)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age 65-84(N=2)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age 85+(N=1)n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (19.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (18.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (9.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida famata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (28.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 (27.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (18.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (9.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (9.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Expected Value by Collection Site (Prospective Samples)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites(N21n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1N n(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2( n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3(N=2 n(%%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4(N=4n(%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5N 4n(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 6N=n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (19.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida famata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (28.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (50.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (50.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

# Clinical Performance

Samples with a Gram stain result indicating fungal organism, a final, valid investigational test result, and a valid comparator result were evaluable and included in summaries and analyses of demographics, expected values (positivity rate), and performance characteristics. Evaluable samples included 11 prospective fresh and 10 prospective frozen samples as well as 120 retrospective samples and 725 contrived samples.

# Comparator Method

The performance of the ePlex BCID-FP Panel was compared to standard laboratory procedures, including traditional and automated culture, MALDI-TOF IVD, and microbiological and biochemical techniques. In addition, all prospective samples were tested with analytically validated PCR assays followed by bi-directional sequencing to determine the presence or absence of Candida auris, Fusarium, and Rhodotorula. Identification for samples with Candida parapsilosis identified by standard laboratory procedures was confirmed using analytically validated PCR assays followed by bi-directional sequencing.

The comparator method(s) results were used to determine the Detected / Not Detected status for each target organism on the ePlex BCID-FP Panel. The comparator methods for each target are summarized in Table 3.

Table 3: Comparator Method(s) by ePlex BCID-FP Panel Target   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=11 colspan=1>Standard laboratory procedures for organism identification.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida famata</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard laboratory procedures for organism ID. PCR/sequencing toconfirm C. parapsilosis or identify C. metapsilosis, C. orthopsilosis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris, Fusarium, andRhodotorula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard laboratory procedures for organism identification.PCR/sequencing in prospective samples.</td></tr></table>

# Demographics of Clinical Samples

Clinical performance was evaluated in samples prospectively and retrospectively collected. Prospective samples were collected at 6 clinical sites, with 21 evaluable samples. Sample with final, valid, ePlex BCID-FP Panel results and valid comparator results were considered evaluable. Demographic information for prospectively-collected samples is described in Table 4. Subjects enrolled in this study were from a diverse demographic distribution and represent the intended patient population.

To supplement the results of the prospective collection, 120 samples were collected retrospectively from a total of 9 sites, and 725 evaluable samples were contrived for organisms with low prevalence. Demographic information for retrospectively-collected samples is described in Table 5.

Table 4: Demographic Data for Clinical Samples by Collection Site (Prospective Collection)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites(N=21)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1(N=1)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2(N=8)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3(N=2)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4(N=4n (%))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5(N=4)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 6(N=2)n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Sex, n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14(66.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(87.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(75.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(33.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(12.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(75.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Age (years)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 yr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-17 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-44 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(19.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-64 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11(52.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-84 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(9.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(12.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85+ yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(4.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(12.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td></tr></table>

Table 5: Demographic Data for Clinical Samples by Collection Site (Retrospective Collection)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites(N=120)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1(N=13)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2(N=14)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3(N=17)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4(N=4)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5(N=3)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 6(N=13)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 7(N=16)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 8(N=5)n (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 9(N=35)n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Sex, n (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68(56.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10(76.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(57.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(47.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(66.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(61.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9(56.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(60.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19(54.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52(43.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(23.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(42.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9(52.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(75.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(33.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(38.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(43.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(40.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16(45.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Age (years)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 yr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(1.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(5.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-17 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(6.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(7.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(38.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(5.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-44 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27(22.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(30.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(14.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(11.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(23.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(18.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(20.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11(31.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-64 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39(32.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(15.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(42.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(35.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(66.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(15.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(43.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(20.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12(34.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-84 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39(32.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(46.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(42.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(47.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(15.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(31.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(40.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(22.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85+ yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(4.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(5.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(33.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(7.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(6.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(20.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0)</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance

Sensitivity or positive percent agreement (PPA) was calculated by dividing the number of true positive (TP) results by the sum of TP and false negative (FN) results, while specificity or negative percent agreement (NPA) was calculated by dividing the number of true negative (TN) results by the sum of TN and false positive (FP) results. A TP result being defined as a sample where the detected ePlex BCID-FP Panel result matched the detected comparator method result, while a TN result was one where a negative ePlex BCID-FP Panel result matched a negative comparator method result. The two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval was also calculated.

A total of 866 positive blood culture samples with a Gram stain result indicating fungal organism consisting of 11 fresh prospective, 10 frozen prospective, 120 retrospective, and 725 contrived samples were evaluated for the ePlex BCID-FP Panel targets. Contrived samples were prepared by spiking an isolate into a blood culture bottle and growing until flagged positive by a continuously monitoring blood culture system. Samples were removed from the system within 8 hours of positivity and stored frozen until the time of testing. PPA and NPA results are summarized by target in Tables 6-20 below and the strains used to contrive samples are summarized in Table 21.

Table 6: Clinical Performance for Candida albicans   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (70.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (67.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (51.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (81.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0 (89.5-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (94.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1 (90.2-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (95.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9 (68.5-98.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>710/711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1 (89.9-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>797/798</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.3-100)</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { C I } =$ Confidence Interval

Table 7: Clinical Performance for Candida auris   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>676/676</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>817/817</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 8: Clinical Performance for Candida dubliniensis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candidadubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (83.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117/117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (51.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137/137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677/677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>814/814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 9: Clinical Performance for Candida famata   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida famata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>674/674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>815/815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 10: Clinical Performance for Candida glabrata   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (51.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (64.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (67.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (61.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (79.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4 (86.5-99.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6 (91.5-99.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 (88.2-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95/97A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9 (92.8-99.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (80.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>709/709</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3 (91.1-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>804/806</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (99.1-99.9)</td></tr></table>

A. C. glabrata was detected in 2/2 false positive clinical samples using PCR/sequencing.

Table 11: Clinical Performance for Candida guilliermondii   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candidaguilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0 (89.5-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>675/675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0 (89.5-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>816/816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 12: Clinical Performance for Candida kefyr   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672/674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (98.9-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>813/815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (99.1-99.9)</td></tr></table>

Table 13: Clinical Performance for Candida krusei   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (67.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (83.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (51.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137/137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>679/679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>816/816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 14: Clinical Performance for Candida lusitaniae   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 (30.1-95.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116/116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 (30.1-95.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137/137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>679/680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0 (89.3-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>816/817</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.3-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 15: Clinical Performance for Candida parapsilosis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candidaparapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (70.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (83.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1 (73.0-99.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102/103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0 (94.7-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7 (75.4-99.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121/122A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2 (95.5-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (91.4-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>684/684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3 (91.1-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>805/806</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.3-100)</td></tr></table>

A. C. parapsilosis was detected in 1/1 false positive clinical sample using PCR/sequencing.

Table 16: Clinical Performance for Candida tropicalis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (67.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (83.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116/117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1 (95.3-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135/136A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3 (96.0-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>680/680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>815/816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.3-100)</td></tr></table>

A. C. tropicalis was detected in 1/1 false positive clinical sample using PCR/sequencing.

Table 17: Clinical Performance for Cryptococcus gattii   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>675/675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (92.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>816/816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 18: Clinical Performance for Cryptococcus neoformans   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Cryptococcusneoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115/115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136/136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>673/673</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (93.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>809/809</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 19: Clinical Performance for Fusarium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Fusarium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>---</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69/70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6 (92.3-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>655/655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69/70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6 (92.3-99.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>796/796</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (99.5-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 20: Clinical Performance for Rhodotorula   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Rhodotorula</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (72.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective (All)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (83.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119/119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (96.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective/Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (34.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139/139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (97.3-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0 (86.5-98.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>674/675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2 (87.0-98.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>813/814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9 (99.3-100)</td></tr></table>

Table 21: Contrived Sample Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IndependentContrived SamplesTested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10231</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14053</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 24433</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-4441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida albicans total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="15">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10913</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12372</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12766</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 10913</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBSs12372</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS12373</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 12766</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 12767</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 12768</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#0385</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#0386</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#0387</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#0388</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#0389</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#0390</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida auris total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-577</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Candidadubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Candida dubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-578</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-579</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-582</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCPF3949</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida dubliniensis total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Candida famata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Debaryomyces fabryi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 789</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Debaryomyces hansenii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 1961</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Debaryomyces subglobosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 1796</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida famata total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128-4058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128-4072</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15545</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90030</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-2950</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candidaguilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 22017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Meyerozyma guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90197</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida kefyr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Candida kefyr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 204093</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 2512</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8553</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida kefyr total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 22985</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 28870</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 32196</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 34135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida krusei total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candidalusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 26287</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 34449</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 42720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66035</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-766</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candidaparapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 22019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 28474</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 28475</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 58895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida tropicalis</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 1369</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13803</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 201380</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 201381</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cryptococcusgattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14248</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 76108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-4138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-4560</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-4877</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Cryptococcusneoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC208821(H99)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCPF8195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCPF8299</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCPF8357</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans var. neoformans(Filobasidiella bacillispora Kwon-Chung,teleomorph (serotype D))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 34873</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cryptococcus neoformans var. neoformans(serotype D)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 36556</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-565</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Fusarium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bisifusarium dimerum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 108944</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 110317</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 116520</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IndependentContrived SamplesTested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium moniliforme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 38159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium oxysporum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 116611</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Fusarium sacchari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 24379</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 119828</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium solani</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 36031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium verticillioides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 100312</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Fusarium total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Rhodotorula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Rhodotorula glutinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 32765</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 32766</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodotorula glutinis (Fresenius) Harrison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 96365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66034</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9449</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Rhodotorula total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr></table>

# Genus and Group Assay Species Stratification

The ePlex BCID-FP Panel reports genus level results for Fusarium and Rhodotorula targets. Sensitivity/PPA of these genus and group level targets for species from all clinical and contrived samples tested are summarized in Table 22 below.

Table 22: Species Detected by Genus Assays   

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Target Species Detected</td><td colspan="2">All Samples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Sensitivity/PPA</td></tr><tr><td>TP/TP+FN</td><td>% (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>Fusarium</td><td>69/70</td><td>98.6 (92.3-99.7)</td></tr><tr><td>Bisifusarium dimerum</td><td>14/15</td><td>93.3 (70.2-98.8)</td></tr><tr><td>Fusarium moniliforme</td><td>11/11</td><td>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Fusarium oxysporum</td><td>1/1</td><td>100 (20.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Fusarium sacchari</td><td>21/21</td><td>100 (84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Fusarium solani</td><td>11/11</td><td>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Fusarium verticillioides</td><td>11/11</td><td>100 (74.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Rhodotorula</td><td>50/52</td><td>96.2 (87.0-98.9)</td></tr><tr><td>Rhodotorula*</td><td>2/2</td><td>100 (34.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Rhodotorula glutinis</td><td>6/6</td><td>100 (61.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Rhodotorula glutinis (Fresenius) Harrison</td><td>4/4</td><td>100 (51.0-100)</td></tr><tr><td>Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td>38/40</td><td>95.0 (83.5-98.6)</td></tr></table>

\*Results are from 2 clinical samples (1 prospective, 1 retrospective). All other Fusarium and Rhodotorula samples were contrived.

# Co-detections in Clinical Samples

The ePlex BCID-FP Panel did not identify any fungal co-detections in prospective samples, and 6 fungal co-detections were identified in the retrospective samples. Of the 120 retrospective samples, 114 $( 9 5 . 0 \% )$ had single detections and 6 $( 5 . 0 \% )$ had double detections. In the 6 codetections, 4 included 1 organism that comparator method(s) did not detect. See Table 27 below for a summary of co-detections in retrospective samples.

Table ${ \bf 2 3  C 0 }$ -Detections Identified by the ePlex BCID-FP Panel (Retrospective Samples)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Distinct Organism Combinations Detected bythe ePlex Panel in Retrospective Samples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number of Samples(Number Discrepant)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantOrganism(s)A,B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. parapsilosis (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. tropicalis (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. glabrata (2)</td></tr></table>

A. A discrepant organism is defined as one that was detected by the BCID-FP Panel but not by the comparator method(s). B. 4/4 organisms were investigated using PCR/sequencing and the discrepant organism was detected in 4/4 cases. i. In 1/1 sample, $C .$ . parapsilosis was detected. ii. In 1/1 sample, C. tropicalis was detected. iii. In 2/2 samples, C. glabrata was detected.

Summaries of additional distinct fungal co-detections detected by the comparator method in prospective and retrospective samples are provided in Table 28 and Table 29. These tables include additional distinct fungal co-detections not included in the co-detections identified by the BCID-FP Panel; they have 1 or more organism not detected by the BCID-FP Panel or an offpanel fungal organism.

Table 24: Co-Detections Identified by the Comparator Method (Prospective Samples)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Distinct Organism Combinations Detected bythe Comparator Method in ProspectiveSamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number of Samples(Number Discrepant)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantOrganism(s)4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida metapsilosis*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichosporon asahii*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

A. A discrepant organism is defined as one that was detected by the comparator method(s) but not by the BCID-FP Panel (excludes organisms not targeted by the BCID-FP Panel). \* Off-panel organism not targeted by the BCID-FP Panel.

Table 25: Co-Detections Identified by the Comparator Method (Retrospective Samples)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Distinct Organism Combinations Detected by theComparator Method in Retrospective Samples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number of Samples(NumberDiscrepant)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantOrganism(s)4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidaalbicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidadubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. glabrata (1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidaalbicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidaparapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. parapsilosis (1)</td></tr></table>

A. A discrepant organism is defined as one that was detected by the comparator method(s) but not by the BCID-FP Panel (excludes organisms not targeted by the BCID-FP Panel).

# Clinical Study ePlex Instrument Performance

A total of 867 samples (including prospective, retrospective, and contrived samples) were initially tested in the clinical evaluations. Of these, 7/867 $( 0 . 8 \% )$ did not complete the run and the sample was retested. After repeat testing, all 867 samples completed testing and 839/867 $( 9 6 . 8 \%$ , $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 5 . 4 \% - 9 7 . 8 \%$ ) generated valid results and 28/867 ( $3 . 2 \%$ , $9 5 \%$ CI: $2 . 2 \% 6 \small { - 4 . 6 \% }$ ) generated invalid results on the first completed attempt.

Upon repeat testing of the 28 samples with initially invalid results, all completed the run and 27/28 $( 9 6 . 4 \% )$ generated valid results. Overall, after final testing, 1/867 ( $0 . 1 \%$ , $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 0 \%$ - $0 . 7 \%$ had final, invalid results, resulting in a final validity rate of 866/867 $( 9 9 . 9 \%$ , $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 9 . 3 \% 1 0 0 \%$ ).

# Analytical Performance Characteristics

# Limit of Detection (Analytical Sensitivity)

The Limit of Detection (LOD), or analytical sensitivity, was identified and verified for each assay on the BCID-FP Panel using at least two quantified reference strains in simulated blood culture sample matrix, which is defined as whole blood with EDTA added to a blood culture bottle in the same ratio as the manufacturer recommends and incubated for 8 hours. At least 20 replicates per target were tested for each condition. The limit of detection was defined as the lowest concentration of each target that is detected in $2 9 5 \%$ of tested replicates. The confirmed LOD for each ePlex BCID-FP Panel organism is shown in Table 26.

Table 26: LOD Results Summary   

<table><tr><td>Target</td><td>Organism</td><td>Strain</td><td>LOD Concentration C/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida albicans</td><td>Candida albicans</td><td>ATCC 14053</td><td>1 x 106</td></tr><tr><td>Candida albicans</td><td>ATCC 24433</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida auris</td><td>Candida auris</td><td>CBS 10913</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td>Candida auris</td><td>CBS 12766</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida dubliniensis</td><td>Candida dubliniensis</td><td>ATCC MYA- 577</td><td>1 x 104</td></tr><tr><td>Candida dubliniensis</td><td>NCPF 3949</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Candida famata Candida glabrata</td><td>Candida famata</td><td>CBS 767</td><td>1 x 103</td></tr><tr><td>Candida famata</td><td>CBS 766</td><td>1 x 104</td></tr><tr><td>Candida glabrata</td><td>ATCC 2001</td><td>1 x 106</td></tr><tr><td>Candida glabrata</td><td>ATCC 15545</td><td>1 x 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida guilliermondii</td><td>Candida guilliermondii</td><td>ATCC 22017</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td>Candida guilliermondii</td><td>ATCC 6260</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida kefyr</td><td>Candida kefyr</td><td>ATCC 4135</td><td>1 x 103</td></tr><tr><td>Candida kefyr</td><td>ATCC 8553</td><td>1 x 104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida krusei</td><td>Candida krusei</td><td>ATCC 22985</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td>Candida krusei</td><td>ATCC 28870</td><td>1 x 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida lusitaniae</td><td>Candida lusitaniae</td><td>ATCC 34449</td><td>1 x 106</td></tr><tr><td>Candida lusitaniae</td><td>ATCC 66035</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida parapsilosis</td><td>Candida parapsilosis</td><td>ATCC 28474</td><td>1 x 104</td></tr><tr><td>Candida parapsilosis</td><td>ATCC 28475</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Candida tropicalis</td><td>Candida tropicalis</td><td>ATCC 13803</td><td>1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td>Candida tropicalis</td><td>ATCC 1369</td><td>1 x 106</td></tr><tr><td>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td>ATCC MYA- 4877</td><td>1 x 103</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LODConcentration(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-4138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 103</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 208821</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-565</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Fusarium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium oxysporum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 116611</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106spores/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium solani</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 36301</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106spores/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Rhodotorula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodotorula glutinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 32765</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

A panel of 51 strains/isolates, representing the genetic, temporal and geographic diversity of each target on the ePlex BCID-FP Panel was evaluated to demonstrate analytical reactivity. Each strain was tested in triplicate at concentrations approximating bottle positivity $( 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for Candida and Rhodotorula, $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for Cryptococcus, and $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ spores $\mathrm { \Delta } / \mathrm { m L }$ for Fusarium). All organisms tested were detected at bottle positive concentrations. Results of the analytical reactivity are summarized in Table 27. An additional 29 unique strains were detected as a part of the Limit of Detection (Analytical Sensitivity) study and are summarized in Table 26.

Table 27: Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results   
Confidential   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10231</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-4441</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#385</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#386</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#387</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#388</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#389</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC#390</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida auris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 12766</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida dubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida dubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-578</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida dubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-579</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida dubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-582</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida famata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida famata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 20850</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida famata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBA 1961</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida famata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 789</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 15126</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66032</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-2950</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90197</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90198</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90199</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida kefyr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida kefyr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 204093</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida kefyr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 2512</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida kefyr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14243</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 32196</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 34135</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 42720</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC MYA-766</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z010</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 22019</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 58895</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90018</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 201380</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 201381</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 750</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14248</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 4560</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 76108</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14116</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 90112</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCPF 8299</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Fusarium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bisifusarium dimerum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 110317</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium moniliforme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 38159</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium proliferatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 131570</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium sacchari</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 119828</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium verticillioides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 100312</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Rhodotorula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodotorula glutinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 96365</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 66034</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9449</td></tr></table>

# Predicted (in silico) Reactivity for Genus and Group Assays

Note: the performance of the ePlex BCID-FP Panel has not been established for all of the organisms listed in the tables below. See the Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) and Limit of Detection (Analytical Sensitivity) sections of the package insert for data on organisms for which performance characteristics have been established (indicated with an asterisk in Tables 32 and 33). Some species were not assessed in silico due to lack of sequence data, though they may appear in the analytical sensitivity or specificity studies.

In addition to species-specific assays, the ePlex BCID-FP Panel contains two broader genuslevel assays: Fusarium and Rhodotorula. Table 28 and Table 29 highlight the predicted (in silico) reactivity (inclusivity) for these assay targets.

Table 28: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Fusarium   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Detection Predicted for ≥95% of target sequences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium acaciae-mearnsii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium cortaderiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium napiforme</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium acuminatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium culmorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium nisikadoi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium acutatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium denticulatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium nygamai</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium aethiopicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bisifusarium dimerum*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium oxysporum*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium ananatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium dlaminii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium palustre</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium andiyazi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium equiseti</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium phyllophilum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium anthophilum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium falciforme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium poae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium armeniacum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium foetens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium polyphialidicum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium asiaticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium fujikuroi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium proliferatum*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium austroamericanum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium gaditjirri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium pseudoanthophilum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium avenaceum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium globosum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium pseudocircinatum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium aywerte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium guttiforme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium pseudograminearum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium bactridioides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium hostae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium pseudonygamai</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium begoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium incarnatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium ramigenum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium beomiforme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium inflexum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium sacchari*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium boothii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium konzum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium secorum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium brachygibbosum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium lacertarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium sinensis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium brasilicum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium solani*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium brevicatenulatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium langsethiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium sporotrichioides</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium bulbicola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium lichenicola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium sterilihyphosum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Cylindrocarpon lichenicola)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium bullatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium louisianense</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium subglutinans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium camptoceras</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium lunulosporum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium temperatum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium cerealis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium mangiferae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium thapsinum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium circinatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium meridionale</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium udum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium commune</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium mesoamericanum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium verticillioides*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium concentricum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium mexicanum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium concolor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium musae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Detection Predicted for 85%-94% of target sequences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium torulosum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium xylarioides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Detection Predicted for &lt;85% of target sequences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium chlamydosporum (66.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium graminearum (59.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium longipes (25.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium coeruleum (50.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium lateritium (50.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium nelsonii (16.7%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Detection Not Predicted</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium kyushuense</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium sambucinum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium venenatum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium miscanthi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium stilboides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium redolens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusarium succisae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

Table 29: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results for Rhodotorula   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Detection Predicted for ≥95% of target sequences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula araucariae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula graminis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula taiwanensis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula glutinis*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula mucilaginosa*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Detection Predicted for 85%-94% of target sequences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>None Identified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Detection Predicted for &lt;85% of target sequences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>None Identified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Detection Not Predicted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula acheniorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula fragariae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula marina</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula acuta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula fujisanensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula minuta</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula armeniaca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula hinnulea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula muscorum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula aurantiaca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula hordea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula nothofagi</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula auriculariae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula hylophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula philyla</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula bacarum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula ingeniosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula phylloplana</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula bogoriensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula javanica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula pilati</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula buffonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula lactosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula pustula</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula ferulica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula lignophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula sonckii</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-Reactivity and Exclusivity)

Cross-reactivity of on-panel and off-panel analytes was evaluated with the BCID-FP Panel. Onpanel organisms were tested in triplicate at concentrations approximating bottle positivity (see Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) section of the package insert for additional details). Offpanel organisms were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 9 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacteria and ${ \geq } 1 \mathbf { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ or spores $\mathrm { \Delta } / \mathrm { m L }$ for fungi unless otherwise noted in Table 30. If the target concentration could not be reached, the organism was diluted 2-fold from stock for use.

No cross reactivity was observed for any of the organisms tested. See Table 30 for a summary of the on-panel strains tested and Table 31 for a summary of off-panel strains tested.

# On-Panel Exclusivity

# with the ePlex BCID-FP Panel (Exclusivity)

Table 30: On-Panel Organisms Assessed for Cross-reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10231</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-4441</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 12766</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#385</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#386</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#387</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#388</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#389</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida auris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#390</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-578</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-579</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida dubliniensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-582</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida famata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 20850</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida famata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBA 1961</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida famata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 789</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15126</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 66032</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-2950</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90197</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90198</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida guilliermondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90199</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 204093</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 2512</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 66028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14243</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 32196</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 34135</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 42720</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-766</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lusitaniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 22019</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 58895</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 201380</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 201381</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14248</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 4560</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 76108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14116</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCPF 8299</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bisifusarium dimerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 110317</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium lichenicola(Cylindrocarpon lichenicola)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 204306</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium moniliforme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 38159</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium proliferatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 131570</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium sacchari</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 119828</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium verticillioides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 100312</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula glutinis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 96365</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 66034</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9449</td></tr></table>

# Off-Panel Exclusivity

# with the ePlex BCID-FP Panel (Exclusivity)

Table 31: Off-Panel Organisms Assessed for Cross-Reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15309</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acremonium kiliense</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 4301</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus fumigatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 204305A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25285</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9340</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida bracarensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 10154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida carpophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 5256</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida duobushaemulonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#394</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida haemulonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#393</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida inconspicua</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 16783</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lambica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 24750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida lipolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 20177</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida metapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 96144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida nivariensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 9984</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida norvegensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 22977</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida orthopsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 96139</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida pelliculosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10262</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida rugosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 96275</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida sake</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 22021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida utilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9256</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 6879</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium striatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 7094</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29751</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 31282</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exophiala jeanselmei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12734</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filobasidium elegans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 7637</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filobasidium globisporum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 7642</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43165</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kluyveromyces lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10689</td></tr></table>

A. Tested at $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ spores/mL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kodamaea ohmeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC#0396</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 53103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malassezia furfur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12078</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malassezia furfur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14521</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malassezia furfur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 7710</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malassezia globosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-4612</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malassezia restricta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-4611</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malassezia sympodialis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 44031</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meyerozyma caribbica(Candida fermentati)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 20296</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Micrococcus luteus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19212</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25830</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucor velutinosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC MYA-4766</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillium marneffei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 200050</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35659</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula minuta</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 36236</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 18824</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica (Typhi)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19430</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scedosporium prolificans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 200543</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Schizosaccharomyces pombe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LPY 02387</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43861</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sporidiobolus salmonicolor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 24217</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sporothrix schenckii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 18616</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27844</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29663</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15305</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12401</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9895</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12384</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichosporon asahii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 201110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichosporon asteroides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90043</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichosporon dermatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 204094</td></tr></table>

# Bottle Positivity

Several representative fungal organisms were spiked into blood culture bottles along with the manufacturer’s recommended volume of human whole blood and grown to positivity in a commercially-available continuously monitoring blood culture system. Bottles were removed from the incubator within two hours of being identified as positive as well as eight hours after bottle positivity. At least two independent positive blood culture replicates were quantified for each organism on culture plates. Organisms tested and approximate bottle positivity concentrations are summarized in Table 32. Concentrations shown below represent approximate levels that may be observed in a clinical setting. All estimated bottle positivity concentrations are equivalent or greater than the established Limit of Detection (LOD) for each of the assays of the ePlex BCID-FP Panel.

Table 32: Bottle Positivity Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Bottle PositivityConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Bottle Positivity+8 hours Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 90082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5 x 107 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium solani</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 36031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6 x 106 spores/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7 x 106 spores/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 66034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

Two positive mixes including 5 on-panel organisms at two concentrations and one negative mix including an off-panel organism were tested. Concentrations in the positive mixes reflected those observed at time of bottle positivity (BP) and time of bottle positivity plus 8 hours or one log higher than that expected at bottle positivity $\mathrm { ( B P + 8 ) }$ and one mix containing an off-panel organism grown to bottle positivity, which is expected to yield a negative result. Bottle concentrations used in this study are summarized in Table 32. Testing occurred at three sites, with two operators testing the mixes over six days using three cartridge lots.

Table 32: Bottle Positivity Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle PositivityConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positivity +8Hours Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium sacchari</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5 x106 spores/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1 x106 spores/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

The percent agreement of each target with the expected result is summarized in Tables 33-37.

Table 33: Percent Agreement for Candida albicans   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration ofCandida albicans</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positive+ 8 Hours(1x107 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/3535/3636/36105/107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.197.210098.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85.5-99.5)(85.8-99.5)(90.4-100)(93.4-99.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positive(1x106 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/3636/3636/36108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/108108/108108/108</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(96.6-100)(96.6-100)(96.6-100)(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324/324</td></tr></table>

Table 34: Percent Agreement for Candida kefyr   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration ofCandida kefyr</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positive+ 8 Hours(1x107 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/3636/3636/36108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positive(1x106 CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/3636/3636/36108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107108/108108/108</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(96.5-100)(96.6-100)(96.6-100)(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323/323</td></tr></table>

Table 35: Percent Agreement for Cryptococcus neoformans   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Concentration of Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan="2">Site</td><td colspan="3">Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td>Agreed / N</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Bottle Positive + 8 Hours (1x108 CFU/mL)</td><td>1</td><td>35/35</td><td>100</td><td>(90.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>36/36</td><td>100</td><td>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td>3 All</td><td>36/36 107/107</td><td>100 100</td><td>(90.4-100) (96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Bottle Positive (1x107 CFU/mL)</td><td>1</td><td>36/36</td><td>100</td><td>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>36/36</td><td>100</td><td>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>36/36</td><td>100</td><td>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td>All 1</td><td>108/108 108/108</td><td>100 100</td><td>(96.6-100) (96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>108/108</td><td>100</td><td>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td></td><td>108/108</td><td>100</td><td>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td>All</td><td>324/324</td><td>100</td><td>(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Table 36: Percent Agreement for Fusarium   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration ofFusarium sacchari</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreed / N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positive+ 8 Hours(6.1x106 spores/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/3636/3636/36108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positive(6.5x106 spores/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/3636/3636/36108/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(90.4-100)(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>123All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107/107108/108108/108</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100100100100</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(96.5-100)(96.6-100)(96.6-100)(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323/323</td></tr></table>

Table 37: Percent Agreement for Rhodotorula   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Concentration of Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td rowspan="2">Site</td><td colspan="3">Agreement with Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td>Agreed / N</td><td>%</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Bottle Positive + 8 Hours (1x107 CFU/mL)</td><td>1</td><td>36/36</td><td>100</td><td>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>34/36</td><td>94.4</td><td>(81.9-98.5)</td></tr><tr><td>3 All</td><td>35/36 105/108</td><td>97.2 97.2</td><td>(85.8-99.5) (92.1-99.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Bottle Positive (1x106 CFU/mL)</td><td>1</td><td>35/36</td><td>97.2</td><td>(85.8-99.5)</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>36/36</td><td>100</td><td>(90.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td>3 All</td><td>35/36 106/108</td><td>97.2</td><td>(85.8-99.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Negative</td><td>1</td><td>107/107</td><td>98.1 100</td><td>(93.5-99.5) (96.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>108/108</td><td>100</td><td>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>108/108</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td></td><td></td><td>100</td><td>(96.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td>All</td><td>323/323</td><td>100</td><td>(98.8-100)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances and Sample Matrix Equivalency (Bottle Evaluation)

Two organism mixes consisting of 5 on-panel organisms and negative blood matrix were used to assess potentially interfering substances and bottle types for interference. The concentration of each organism tested is summarized in Table 38.

Table 38: Interfering Substance and Bottle Equivalency Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida kefyr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusarium sacchari</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5 x 106 spores/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhodotorula mucilaginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

Eighteen substances were used to assess the ePlex BCID-FP Panel for potential interference. The organisms in Table 38 were spiked into negative blood matrix and tested in triplicate with and without each potentially interfering substance. Negative blood matrix was tested to control for potential positive interference. Potentially interfering substances are summarized in Table 39. None of the eighteen substances commonly found in blood culture specimens or as medications commonly used to treat skin or blood infections were found to inhibit the ePlex BCID-FP Panel at the clinically relevant concentrations. The effect of interfering substances has only been evaluated for the organisms listed in Table 38. Interference due to substances other than those described in this section can lead to erroneous results.

Table 39: Potentially Interfering Substances: Substance List   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Genomic DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 105 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exogenous Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin/Clavulanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphotericin B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caspofungin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluconazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flucytosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Polyanethol Sulfonate(SPS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/L</td></tr></table>

# Sample Matrix Equivalency (Bottle Evaluation)

Fifteen bottle types were tested for interference with each of the organisms listed in Table 38. Five replicates of each organism were tested in each of two bottle lots. Negative blood matrix was run as a negative control. Thirteen of the bottle types tested showed no interference for any of the targets tested. One lot of the BACT/Alert® PF Plus bottle type showed lower sensitivity for Rhodotorula and one lot BACT/Alert® FA Plus bottle type showed lower sensitivity for Candida albicans. A summary of the bottle types assessed and the study outcomes is found in Table 40.

Table 40: Sample Matrix Equivalency (Bottle Evaluation) Bottle Types   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Brand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Outcome</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC™M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plus Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plus Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peds PlusTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lytic Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Myco</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SA Standard Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN Standard Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A false negative result wasobserved for the Candidaalbicans target in one lot.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PF Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>False negative results wereobserved for the Rhodotorulatarget in one lot.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP Mycobacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermo ScientificTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VersaTREKTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REDOXTM 1 EZ DrawAerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermo Scientific</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VersaTREK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REDOX 2 EZ DrawAnaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference observed</td></tr></table>

# Carryover and Cross-Contamination

Carryover and cross-contamination were evaluated for the ePlex BCID-FP Panel within and between runs by alternating high positive and negative samples across multiple runs over 5 rounds of testing. Fusarium sacchari was grown to bottle positivity $+ 8$ hours and spiked with $1 \mathrm { \Delta x }$ $1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ Candida albicans to simulate clinically relevant high positive samples for positive testing. Negative blood culture matrix was used to represent negative samples. No false positives were detected, indicating that no carryover or cross-contamination was observed between bays or within bays with the ePlex BCID-FP Panel when testing consecutively or in adjacent bays.

# Competitive Inhibition Study

Competitive inhibition was evaluated for the ePlex BCID-FP Panel by pairing twelve clinically relevant organisms (including 9 off-panel organisms) in thirteen simulated dual infection sample mixes. Candida albicans was tested at low titer (concentration expected at bottle positivity) while in the presence of other organisms at higher titer (concentrations expected at 8 hours beyond bottle positivity, or one log higher than that expected at bottle positivity). Candida glabrata and Candida parapsilosis were also tested at the concentration expected at bottle positivity in the presence of Candida albicans at a higher titer concentration. No competitive inhibition was observed in any of the sample mixes evaluated at the concentrations listed in Table 41.

Table 41: Competitive Inhibition Organisms and Concentrations Tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-panel Organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Off-panel Organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>High Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 x 109 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 x 109CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 x 108CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 x 109CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 x 109CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 x 108CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1 x 108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4 x 108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4 x 108 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>