# 1RYHPEHU

DiaSorin Molecular LLC Sharon Young Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630

Re: K182467 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa GBS Direct, Simplexa GBS Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus spp. Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: NJR, OOI Dated: September 5, 2018 Received: September 10, 2018

Dear Sharon Young:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S IRU

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K182467

Device Name   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Indications for Use (Describe)   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct   
The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay intended for use on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MDX instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) nucleic acid from 18 to 24 hour Lim broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. Assay results can be used as an aid in determining the colonization status of antepartum women, but are not intended to diagnose or monitor treatment of a GBS infection.

The Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay does not provide susceptibility results. Culture isolates are needed to perform susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack   
The Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ GBS Direct kit. This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant

DiaSorin Molecular LLC. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No. Contact Person

2023365

Sharon Young   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
tel 562.240.6680   
fax 562.240.6529   
Sharon.Young@DiaSorin.com   
October 25 2018

# Summary Date Proprietary Name Generic Name

Simplexa™ GBS Direct and Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack

Nucleic Acid Amplifications System, Group B Streptococcus, Direct   
Specimen Testing   
Class I   
GenePOC GBS LB Assay K170557

Classification Predicate Devices

# Intended Use

Simplexa™ GBS Direct   
The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay intended for use on the LIAISON® MDX instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) nucleic acid from 18 to 24 hour Lim broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. Assay results can be used as an aid in determining the colonization status of antepartum women, but are not intended to diagnose or monitor treatment of a GBS infection.

The Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay does not provide susceptibility results. Culture isolates are needed to perform susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack   
The Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ GBS Direct kit. This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# Device Description

The Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay system is a real-time PCR system that enables the direct amplification and qualitative detection of Group B Strep bacterial DNA from vaginal swabs enriched in Lim Broth for eighteen to twenty-four (18 to 24) hours that have not undergone a nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay, the LIAISON® MDX (with LIAISON® MDX Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc (DAD) and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay, primers and fluorescent probes are used together to amplify Group B Streptococcus bacterial DNA and the Internal Control (DNA IC). The assay targets a conserved region of the cfb gene to identify Group B Streptococcus in the specimen. The DNA IC is used to detect PCR failure and/or inhibition.

Kit Description   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EC SYMBOLON LABEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbbreviatedName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CapColor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofVials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactionsperVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ GBSDirectReaction Mix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL3551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Orange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Component Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Contents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GBSDirect ReactionMix (RM)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DNA polymerase, buffers, dNTPs, Internal Control DNA Template, dye-labeled fluorescentprimers and probes specific for detection of Group B Strep and for the DNA Internal Control</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore(Dye)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Gene</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cfb</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InternalControlDNA (IC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GBSDirect BarcodeCard</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Assay specific parameters, lot number, expiration date.</td></tr></table>

# MATERIALS SUPPLIED SEPARATELY

Direct Amplification Disc Kit (REF MOL1455) Direct Amplification Discs for use on the LIAISON® MDX

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:GenePOC GBS LB Assay K170557</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Simplexa™ GBS Direct andSimplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NJR and OOI21 CFR 866.3740 - Streptococcal spp.serological reagents21 CFR 862.2570 - Instrumentation forclinical multiplex test systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group B Streptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target DNA sequence in cfb gene ofStreptococcus agalactiae (Group BStreptococcus, GBS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conserved region of the cfb gene ofStreptococcus agalactiae (Group BStreptococcus, GBS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GenePOC GBSLBassayperformed on the revogene instrumentis a qualitative in vitro diagnostic testdesigned  to  detect  Group−BStreptococcus (GBS) DNA from 18-24hour LIMbroth enrichments ofvaginal/rectal   specimen    swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ GBSDirect assay is a real-time polymerasechain reaction (PCR) assay intended foruse on the LIAISON® MDX instrumentfor the in vitro qualitative detection ofGroup B Streptococcus (GBS) nucleicacid from 18 to 24 hour Lim broth</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 3 of 19

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:GenePOC GBS LB Assay K170557</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Simplexa™ GBS Direct andSimplexa ™ GBS Positive Control Pack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>obtained from pregnant women. TheGenePOC GBS LB assay utilizesautomated sample processing andreal-time polymerase chain reaction(PCR) to detect a cfb gene sequencespecific to the Streptococcusagalactiae genome. The GenePOCGBS LB assay is indicated for theidentification of antepartum GBScolonization and does not providesusceptibility results. It is not intendedto diagnose or monitor treatment ofGBS infection. Culture isolates areneeded for performing susceptibilitytesting as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimenswabs obtained from antepartumwomen. Assay results can be used as anaid in determining the colonization statusof antepartum women, but are notintended to diagnose or monitortreatment of a GBS infection.The Simplexa ™M GBS Direct assay doesnot provide susceptibility results. Cultureisolates are needed to performsusceptibility testing as recommended forpenicillin-allergic women.Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control PackThe Simplexa™ GBS Positive ControlPack is intended to be used as a controlwith the Simplexa ™ GBS Direct kit.This control is not intended for use withother assays or systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutomatedSystem (Sampleto Answer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicateDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GenePOC GBS LB Assay K170557</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GBS Direct andSimplexa™ GBS Positive ControlPack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Revogene instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® MDX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes Cartridge (PIE) can be used once.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Consumable disc can be used untilall eight (8) wedges have been used.</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL PERFORMANCE

The performance of the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay was evaluated in a prospective study that was conducted with residual de-identified Lim broth enrichment cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs obtained from pregnant women at thirty-five to thirty-seven (35-37) weeks of gestation. The specimens were collected and enriched according to established CDC guidelines. Lim Broth cultures were incubated for eighteen to twenty-four (18-24) hours at $3 5 - 3 7 \quad ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Four hundred and thirty-two (432) samples that met the prescribed inclusion criteria were used to evaluate the performance of the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay in comparison to those obtained with a GBS culture reference method. All samples were tested fresh upon completion of the enrichment process. Aliquots were made from each freshly enriched Lim Broth sample; the first aliquot was held at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and tested on the Simplexa™ GBS Direct at the collection site, and the second aliquot was kept at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and sent on cold packs to a central laboratory for GBS culture.

For the GBS culture reference method, enriched Lim Broth samples were sub-cultured to selective and non-selective blood agar for twenty-four (24) hours. If GBS was not observed, the plates were reincubated for an additional twenty-four (24) hours and deemed negative if GBS was not identified. Colonies with an appearance that was suggestive of GBS were further processed to confirm the presence of GBS using general laboratory methods, which included: gram stain, catalase testing, and latex agglutination.

The testing of samples with Lim broth incubation periods per CDC guidelines included eighty-four (84) total runs with thirty-one (31) control pairs, all of which produced the expected positive/negative results. The invalid rate of the clinical prospective study samples with Lim broth incubation periods per CDC guidelines was $0 . 0 \%$ , zero out of four hundred and thirty-two (0/432). The results of the study are shown in Table 1.

Table 1. Clinical Agreement Summary Results - Prospective Clinical Agreement Results Simplexa™ GBS Direct vs. Culture   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GBSDirect Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Culture Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>322</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity97.0%(97/100)95% Cl: 91.5% to 99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity96.1%(319/332)95% CI: 93.4% to 97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

a 3/3 samples with discrepant results were negative when tested with an alternate FDA cleared NAAT. b 11/13 samples with discrepant results were positive when tested with an alternate FDA cleared NAAT.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Three (3) investigative sites assessed the device's inter-site, inter-day and inter/intra-assay reproducibility. Each of the laboratories tested Simplexa™ GBS Direct Positive Control, No Template Control (Lim Broth), and four (4) contrived samples in negative matrix. Two (2) strains of GBS were used in the study, BAA-22 and BAA-1138. The four (4) contrived samples consisted of a low positive (LP) at approximately $1 . 5 \times$ LoD and a medium positive (MP) at approximately $3 . 5 \times$ LoD for each GBS strain. The assays were performed in triplicate on five (5) different days. Each site had two (2) operators who each assayed the entire sample panel and Positive Control once per day, for a total of two (2) sets of data per day on a total of six (6) LIAISON® MDX instruments. The combined results for all sites are presented in Tables 2 and 3.

Table 2. Simplexa™ GBS Direct Reproducibility (FAM)   
Table 3. Simplexa™ GBS Direct Internal Control Reproducibility (Q670)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GBS(FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22 -LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22 -MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138 LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(28/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%(88/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3% to99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138-MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to00.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NTC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% CI: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.9% (178/180)95% CI: 96.0% to 99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% CI: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.6% (538/540)95% Cl: 98.7% to 99.9%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleDNIC(Q670)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvgCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22-LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22 -MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138-LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA- 138-MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NTC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% Cl: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% CI: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% CI: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (540/540)95% CI: 99.3% to100.0%</td></tr></table>

# K182467

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

The Limit of Detection (LoD) was determined for the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay using quantified stocks of two (2) GBS strains (BAA-22 and BAA-1138) serially diluted into negative eighteen to twentyfour (18 to 24) hour Lim broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. The LoD was determined to be the lowest concentration that could be detected positive $\geq 9 5 \%$ of the time. The results are shown in Table 4.

Table 4. Simplexa™ GBS Direct Summary of Limit of Detection (LoD)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration (CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-22(serotype III)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1138(serotype la)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30,000</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY/CROSS REACTIVITY Analytical Reactivity

The Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay was evaluated for analytical reactivity to an additional eighteen (18) GBS strains spiked at $_ 2 \mathrm { ~ \sf ~ x ~ }$ LoD into eighteen to twenty-four (18 to 24) Lim broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. The results are shown in Table 5. All eighteen (18) strains were detected.

Table 5. Simplexa™ GBS Direct Analytical Reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group BStreptococcus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationCF/mL(2xLoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GBSDirect %Detection# Detected / # Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>la</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 51487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 27591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ⅡI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>||</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2673</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-611</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2671</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 7 of 19

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group BStreptococcus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationCF/mL(2 x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GBSDirect %Detection# Detected / # Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2668</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Hemolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2666</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Hemolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)

The Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay’s analytical specificity was evaluated by testing the ability of the assay to exclusively identify GBS without any cross-reactivity to organisms that are closely related, or cause similar clinical symptoms or may be present in eighteen to twenty-four (18 to 24) hour Lim broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. Seventy-four (74) potential cross-reacting organisms were spiked into GBS negative enriched Lim broth and tested in triplicate. Four (4) organisms with low concentration stocks were additionally tested in silico. No cross reactivity was observed demonstrating the specificity of the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay. The results are presented in Table 7.

Table 7. Simplexa™ GBS Direct Cross Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Negative Results% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Actinomyces israelii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aerococcus viridans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atopobium vaginae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium breve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brevibacterium linens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chromobacterium violaceum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 8 of 19   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 9 of 19

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Negative Results% Detection( Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardnerella vaginalis*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 104 TCID50/mL *</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPV Genotype 18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Blood Cells (Human genomicDNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human rotavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL *</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus crispatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactoacillus delruecki bsp. actis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus iners</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus jensensii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mobiluncus curtisii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x10CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 105 $CCU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/5)**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus Genogroup Gl*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus Genogroup Gll*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Negative Results% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subsp enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus bovis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus oralis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus suis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus uberis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichomonas vaginalis*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

\* Tested in silico and no potential for cross-reaction with the Simplexa™ GBS Direct primers and probe observed. \*\* Tested in quintuplicate due to assay set up error. ${ \mathsf { N A } } =$ not available

# INTERFERENCE

The performance of the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay was evaluated with twenty-six (26) potentially interfering endogenous and exogenous substances that may be present in eighteen to twenty-four (18 to 24) hour Lim broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. All samples were prepared by spiking each potentially interfering substance into a baseline consisting of either the ATCC BAA-1138 or ATCC BAA-22 strain of GBS at a concentration of $2 \times \mathsf { L o D }$ in eighteen to twenty-four (18 to 24) hour Lim broth enrichments of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. Each interferent was spiked into the baseline sample and tested at the concentrations listed in Table 8. The results are presented in Table 8. No interference was observed at the concentrations indicated in Table 8.

Table 8. Simplexa™ GBS Direct Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amniotic Fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacids (Gaviscon)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aluminum Hydroxide /Magnesium Hydroxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 % v/v*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antacids/Gastritis Medication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Diarrheal Medication(Imodium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamide Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Diarrheal Medication (PeptoBismol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bismuth Subsalicylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Fungal /Anti-Itch Vaginal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-HemorrhoidCreams/Ointments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-HemorrhoidCreams/Ointments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clotrimazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal Fat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palmitic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gastritis Medications (Nexium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Esomeprazole Magnesium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31 mg/mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laxatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meconium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31% w/v *</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine enema</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mesalazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral Oil enema</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral Oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moist Towelettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzalkonium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moist Towelettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoglobulin, Lysozyme,Polymers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Steroidal Anti-InflammatoryMedications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radiology Oral Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Seminal Fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v*</td></tr></table>

# K182467

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 11 of 19

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spermicidal Lubricant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonoxynol-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31% w/v*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical Products</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baby Powder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical Products</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KY Jelly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% w/v*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose, Hormones, Enzymes,lons, Iron, etc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr></table>

False negative and/or Invalid results were obtained at higher concentrations On initial testing 1 sample produced an EC505 error due to insufficient information to determine whether amplification occurred; the retest result was acceptable

# INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

The Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay was evaluated by testing the ability to identify GBS when other potentially inhibitory organisms were present at high concentrations. The panel of seventy-four (74) potentially inhibitory organisms were individually spiked into a pool with a low concentration of GBS BAA22 or BAA-1138 strains at approximately 2 x LoD in Lim broth enrichments eighteen to twenty-four (18 to 24) hour of vaginal/rectal specimen swabs obtained from antepartum women. No false negative results were observed with GBS BAA-22 in the presence of any of the potentially interfering organisms or viruses. However, with GBS BAA-1138, at least one false negative result was obtained in the presence of each of the following species: Bacillus cereus, Candida parapsilosis, Clostridium perfringens, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius, Staphylococcus saprophyticus, Streptococcus pyogenes and Ureaplasma urealyticum (Table 9). Additional in silico analysis demonstrated no potential for crossreaction or interference with the Simplexa™ GBS Direct primers and probe by Norovirus genogroups I and II or Trichomonas vaginalis.

Table 9. Simplexa™ GBS Direct Microbial Inhibition   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Actinomyces israelii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Aerococcus viridans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 12 of 19   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 13 of 19   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 14 of 19   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 15 of 19   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 16 of 19   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 17 of 19   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ GBS Direct Catalog No. MOL3550   
Simplexa™ GBS Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3560   
October 25, 2018   
Page 18 of 19

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Atopobium vaginae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9 %(8/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bifidobacterium breve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Brevibacterium linens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8% (7/9)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Chromobacterium violaceum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9 %(8/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Enterococcus avium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Giardia lamblia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HIV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 104 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HPV Genotype 18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human DNA (White BloodCells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 WBC/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 WBC/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human rotavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactobacillus crispatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactobacillus delbrueckiisubsp. lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactobacillus iners</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactobacillus jensensii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mobiluncus curtisii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 105 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 105 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mycoplasma hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus genogroup I*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus genogroup II*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcusanaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9 %(8/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Porphyromonasasaccharolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Propionibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica subspenterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8% (7/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus bovis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus mitis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus oralis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9 %(8/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (6/6)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/ # Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus suis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus uberis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trichomonas vaginalis*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8% (7/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-1138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

\* Tested in silico and no potential for cross-reaction or interference with the Simplexa™ GBS Direct primers and probe observed \*\* Streptococcus salivarius was inadvertently tested twice. ${ \mathsf { N A } } =$ not available

# CARRY-OVER CONTAMINATION

Amplification carry-over for the Simplexa™ assays has been assessed. The study was performed by testing alternating high positive and negative samples on each disc. No evidence of carry-over contamination was observed.

# EXPECTED VALUES

The prevalence of GBS as determined by the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay in a multi-site clinical study with prospectively collected specimens is shown in Table 10.

Table 10. Expected Values per Site   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ GBS DirectPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Prevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5%</td></tr></table>

The expected values for GBS per site varied between $2 1 . 2 \%$ and $3 0 . 4 \%$ . The overall prevalence for all sites was $2 5 . 5 \%$ one hundred and ten of four hundred and thirty-two (110/432) by the Simplexa™ GBS Direct assay and $2 3 . 1 \%$ one hundred of four hundred and thirty-two (100/432) as determined by a culture reference method.

# CONCLUSION

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.