1RYHPEHU

Meridian Bioscience, Inc.   
Jack Rogers   
Director of Regulatory Affairs and Design Assurance 3471 River Hills Drive   
Cincinnati, Ohio 45244

Re: K182559 Trade/Device Name: PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3110 Regulation Name: Campylobacter fetus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: LYR Dated: September 14, 2018 Received: September 17, 2018

Dear Jack Rogers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S IRU

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

PREMIER Platinum HpSA $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PLUS

Indications for Use (Describe)

The PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS enzyme immunoassay (EIA) is an in vitro qualitative procedure for the detection of Helicobacter pylori antigens in human stool. Test results are intended to aid in the diagnosis of H. pylori infection and to monitor response during and post-therapy in patients. Accepted medical practice recommends that testing by any current method, to confirm eradication, be done at least four weeks following completion of therapy.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>meridianBIOSCIENCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Reference:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Section 1: Administrative Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment Description:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Date:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>September 14, 2018</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) number: K182559

# Owner:

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244 USA Phone: (513) 271-3700 Fax: (513) 272-5213

# Contact:

Primary Contact:   
Jack Rogers   
Director, Regulatory Affairs & Design Assurance   
Secondary Contact:   
Charles G. Thornton   
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance

# Trade Name:

PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS

Common Name: Helicobacter Pylori

Classification Name: Campylobacter fetus serological reagents (21 CFR 866.3110, Product Code LYR)

Predicate Device:

PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS K053335

# Device Description

The PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS test is a microwell-based enzyme immunoassay that detects H. pylori antigens present in human stool. The test utilizes a plurality (mixture) of monoclonal anti-H. pylori capture antibodies adsorbed to microwells. Diluted patient samples and an enzyme conjugate reagent are added to the microwells and incubated for one hour at room temperature. A wash is performed to remove unbound material. Substrate is added and incubated for 10 minutes at room temperature. Color develops in the presence of bound enzyme. Stop solution is added and the results are interpreted visually or spectrophotometrically. No calculations are required and the visual color change makes the interpretation of results objective and simple.

In addition, the HpSA test permits assessment of established or novel anti-H. pylori treatment during and posttherapy to monitor for treatment effectiveness, relapse or eradication.

PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS (K053335), as the predicate device for this submission, was a modification of PREMIER Platinum HpSA (K983255, K980076) that provided increased signal strengths with positive test results and better discrimination between low positive and negative tests. This submission is for modifications to the antibodies used in the microwells and conjugate reagent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>meridianBIOSCIENCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Reference:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Section 1: Administrative Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment Description:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Date:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>September 14, 2018</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use / Indications for Use

The PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS enzyme immunoassay (EIA) is an in vitro qualitative procedure for the detection of Helicobacter pylori antigens in human stool. Test results are intended to aid in the diagnosis of H. pylori infection and to monitor response during and post-therapy in patients. Accepted medical practice recommends that testing by any current method, to confirm eradication, be done at least four weeks following completion of therapy.

# Predicate Device Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities Between the Modified Device and the Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MODIFIED DEVICEPREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE DEVICEPREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUSK053335</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use /Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS in anin vitro diagnostic procedure for thedetection of Helicobacter pylori antigens inhuman stool. Test results are intended to aidin the diagnosis of H. pylori infection and tomonitor response during and post-therapy inpatients. Accepted medical practicerecommends that testing by any currentmethod, to confirm eradication, be done atleast four weeks following completion oftherapy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS in anin vitro diagnostic procedure for thedetection of Helicobacter pylori antigens inhuman stool. Test results are intended to aidin the diagnosis of H. pylori infection and tomonitor response during and post-therapy inpatients. Accepted medical practicerecommends that testing by any currentmethod, to confirm eradication, be done atleast four weeks following completion oftherapy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA),Microwell Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA),Microwell Format</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretationof Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual or Spectrophotometric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual or Spectrophotometric</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity(LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 4.66 ng H. pylori protein/mL of stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 4.67 ng H. pylori protein/mL of stool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA: 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA: 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA: 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA: 94.8%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>meridianBIOSCIENCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Reference:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Section 1: Administrative Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment Description:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Date:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>September 14, 2018</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences Between the Modified Device and the Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MODIFIED DEVICEPREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE DEVICEPREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUSK053335</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crossreactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The specificity of the modified PREMIERPlatinum HpSA PLUS was tested by utilizing thefollowing bacterial or viral strains. Positive andnegative stools were spiked with 1.0 x 107CFU/mL (bacteria or fungi) or a finalconcentration greater than 1 x 105 TCID5o/mL(viruses) and tested by the modified PREMIERPlatinum HpSA PLUS. None of the organismsaffected positive or negative test results.Microorganism or virusAdenovirus 41, Aeromonas hydrophila, Bacillussubtilis, Borrelia burgdorferi, Campylobacter coli,Campylobacter fetus, Campylobacter jejuni,Campylobacter lari, Candida albicans,Citrobacter freundii, Clostridium difficile,Clostridium perfringens, Enterobacter cloacae,Enterococcus faecalis, Escherichia coli O157:H7,Escherichia coli, Escherichia coli 8739,Escherichia coli 9637, Escherichia fergusonii,Escherichia hermanii, Escherichia hermaniiEMDI-64 Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiellapneumoniae, Lactococcus lactis, Listeriamonocytogenes, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius,Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas aeruginosa,Pseudomonas fluorescens, Rotavirus,Salmonella dublin, Salmonella hilversum,Salmonella heidelberg (Group B), Salmonellaminnesota, Salmonella typhimurium, Serratialiquefaciens, Serratia marcescens, Shigellaboydii, Shigella dysenteriae, Shigella flexneri,Shigella sonnei, Staphylococcus aureus,Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan Strain I),Staphylococcus epidermidis, Yersiniaenterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The specificity of Premier Platinum HpSA PLUS wastested by utilizing the following bacterial or viralstrains. Positive and negative stools were spikedwith ≥ 1.2 X 10 bacterial or yeast organisms/mL andtested by Premier Platinum HpSA PLUS. Theconcentration of viral organisms was not calculated.None of the organisms affected positive or negativetest results.Microorganism or virusAdenovirus, Aeromonas hydrophila, Campylobacterlari, Campylobacter fetus, Campylobacter jejuni,Campylobacter jejuni 2, Campylobacter jejunisolution, Candida albicans, Citrobacter freundii,Clostridium difficile, Clostridium perfringens,Enterobacter cloacae, Enterococcus faecalis,Escherichia coli O157:H7, Escherichia coli 8739,Escherichia coli 9637, Escherichia fergusonii,Escherichia hermanii, Escherichia hermanii EMDi-64,Klebsiella pneumonia, Lactobacillus lactis, Listeriamonocytogenes, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius ,Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas aeruginosa,Pseudomonas fluorescens, Rotavirus, SalmonellaGroup B, Salmonella typhimurium, Serratialiquefaciens, Serratia marcescens, Shigella boydii,Shigella flexneri, Shigella dysenteriae, Shigellasonnei, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcusaureus (Cowans 1), Staphylococcus epidermidis,Streptococcus faecalis, Salmonella enterica serovarHilversum, Salmonella enterica subsp. Entericaserovar Hilversum, Salmonella enterica subsp.Enterica serovar Minnesota, Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The following substances, that may be present inhuman stool, do not interfere with positive ornegative test results at the stated concentrationsper 500 µl human stool:Barium sulfate - 25 mgMylanta - 11.5 mgPepto-Bismol - 0.44 mgPrilosec OTC - 1 mgTagamet - 1 mgTUMS - 10 mgHemoglobin - 62.5 mgMucin - 17 mgNSAID Ibuprofen - 0.25 mgStearic acid - 5.3 mgPalmitic acid - 2.65 mgWhite blood cells - 250 uLWhole blood - 250 uL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The following substances, that may be present inhuman stool do not interfere with positive or negativetest results at the stated concentrations, per 500 µlhuman stool:Barium sulfate - 10mgMylanta - 0.84mgPepto-Bismol - 0.35mgPrilosec OTC - 1mgTagamet - 1mgTUMS - 10mgHuman Hemoglobin (i.e. dark stool) - 15 mgMucin - 6.7mgSteric + Palmitic Acids (i.e. Fatty stool) - 7.9mgWhole Blood - 100 μl</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>meridian BIOSCIENCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Reference:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Section 1: Administrative Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment Description:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Date:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>September 14, 2018</td></tr></table>

# NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# Analytical Performance

# Reproducibility

Assay precision, intra-assay variability and inter-assay variability were assessed with a reference panel prepared from moderately positive samples $( n = 3 )$ , low positive samples $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 3 )$ , high negative samples $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 3 )$ and a true negative sample $( n = 1 )$ . In addition, the positive and negative kit controls were run when each panel was tested. Each panel was tested once a day by two technicians, at three different laboratory sites, for 5 consecutive days. Overall, $100 \%$ (300/300, 98.7- $100 \%$ , $9 5 \%$ CI) of results obtained with the PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS were as expected. There were no invalid results generated during the study $( 0 . 0 \%$ ; 0/300; 0.0-1.3%, $9 5 \%$ CI).

# Analytical Sensitivity

Analytical sensitivity studies were performed to determine the analytical limit of detection (LoD) for the modified PREMIER Platinum ${ \mathsf { H p S A } } ^ { \otimes }$ PLUS. The limit of detection is defined as the first dilution containing the target organism that produces positive results approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time. Three lots of the modified assay were evaluated.

The limit of detection for the PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS assay was determined to be $4 . 6 6 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# Analytical Specificity

# Cross-Reactivity:

The specificity of PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS was tested by utilizing the following bacterial or viral strains. Potentially cross-reactive microorganisms were added at a target concentration of ${ \bar { 1 } } . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ CFU/mL (bacteria or fungi), or a concentration greater than $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ TCID50/mL (viruses), to a natural negative and a contrived positive sample. None of the organisms affected positive or negative test results.

# Microorganism or virus

Adenovirus 41, Aeromonas hydrophila, Bacillus subtilis, Borrelia burgdorferi, Campylobacter coli, Campylobacter fetus, Campylobacter jejuni, Campylobacter lari, Candida albicans, Citrobacter freundii, Clostridium difficile, Clostridium perfringens, Enterobacter cloacae, Enterococcus faecalis, Escherichia coli O157:H7, Escherichia coli, Escherichia coli 8739, Escherichia coli 9637, Escherichia fergusonii, Escherichia hermanii, Escherichia hermanii EMDI-64, Haemophilus influenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Lactococcus lactis, Listeria monocytogenes, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius, Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Pseudomonas fluorescens, Rotavirus, Salmonella dublin, Salmonella hilversum, Salmonella heidelberg (Group B), Salmonella minnesota, Salmonella typhimurium, Serratia liquefaciens, Serratia marcescens, Shigella boydii, Shigella dysenteriae, Shigella flexneri, Shigella sonnei, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan Strain I), Staphylococcus epidermidis and Yersinia enterocolitica

# Interfering Substances:

The following substances, that may be present in human stool, do not interfere with positive or negative test results at the stated concentrations per 500 uL human stool: Barium sulfate $- 2 5 { \mathsf { m g } }$ , Mylanta – $1 1 . 5 \mathsf { m g }$ , Pepto-Bismol – 0.44 mg, Prilosec (omeprazole) – 1 mg, Tagamet (cimetidine) – 1 mg, TUMS – 10 mg, Hemoglobin – 62.5 mg, Mucin – 17 mg, NSAID Ibuprofen – 0.25 mg, Stearic acid $- 5 . 3 \mathsf { m g }$ , Palmitic acid – 2.65 mg, White blood cells – 250 uL, Whole blood – 250 uL.

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>meridianBIOSCIENCE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PREMIER Platinum HpSA® PLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Reference:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Section 1: Administrative Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment Description:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attachment 007: 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application Date:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>September 14, 2018</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# Clinical Study

# Comparison of Modified PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS to PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS (Predicate)

One hundred and fifty-nine (159) archived, unpreserved stool samples from symptomatic patients were analyzed for $H .$ pylori antigen by the modified PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS and PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS (Predicate) to demonstrate that changes to the microwell and conjugate antibodies do not affect assay performance. The performance of the modified PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS was substantially equivalent to the predicate device, generating $100 \%$ positive percent agreement and $100 \%$ negative percent agreement with $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals of $9 3 . 7 \substack { - 1 0 0 . 0 \% }$ and $9 6 . 4 \substack { - 1 0 0 . 0 \% }$ , respectively.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PP HpSA PLUS (Predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModifiedPP HpSA PLUS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7-100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102/102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4-100.0%</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION

The modified PREMIER Platinum ${ \mathsf { H p S A } } ^ { \otimes { \mathsf { B } } }$ PLUS assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.