# )HEUXDU\

bioMerieux, Inc.   
Mary Beth Anheuser   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K183166 Trade/Device Name: BacT/ALERT FA Plus; BacT/ALERT PF Plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2560 Regulation Name: Microbial growth monitor Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: MDB Dated: November 13, 2018 Received: November 15, 2018

Dear Mary Beth Anheuser:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S IRU

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K183166</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus Culture Bottles are used with BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Microbial Detection Systems in qualitative procedures for recovery and detection of aerobic and facultative anaerobic microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood and other normally sterile body fluids.

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus Culture Bottles are used with BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Microbial Detection Systems in qualitative procedures for recovery and detection of aerobic and facultative anaerobic microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Traditional 510(k) SUMMARY

# BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus Traditional 510(k): Device Modification

A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Mary Beth Anheuser   
Staff, Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314-731-8516   
314-731-8689   
December 13, 2018

PhoneNumber: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name: Classification Name:

Blood Culturing System, Microbiology 21 CFR 866.2560

Common Name:

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus

# C. Predicate Device:

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus (k121461) BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus (k121446)

D. 510(k) Summary:

# Principle of the Test

The BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Microbial Detection Systems utilizes a colorimetric sensor and reflected light to monitor the presence and production of carbon dioxide $( \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } )$ dissolved in the culture medium. If microorganisms are present in the test sample, carbon dioxide is produced as the microorganisms metabolize the substrates in the culture medium. When growth of the microorganisms produces $\mathsf { C O } _ { 2 }$ , the color of the gas-permeable sensor installed in the bottom of each culture bottle changes from blue-green to yellow. The lighter color results in an increase of reflectance units monitored by the system. Bottle reflectance is monitored and recorded by the instrument every 10 minutes.

# Summary and Explanation

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Microbial Detection Systems are used to determine if microorganisms are present in blood or other normally sterile body fluid samples taken from a patient suspected of having bacteremia/fungemia. The BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Systems and culture bottles provide both a microbial detection system and a culture medium with suitable nutritional and environmental conditions for organisms commonly encountered in blood infections and other normally sterile body fluid infections. An inoculated bottle is placed into the instrument where it is incubated and continuously monitored for the presence of microorganisms that will grow in the BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus or PF Plus Culture Bottle (The BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus Culture Bottle provides for detection of microorganisms when a small volume of blood is available.).

# Intended Use

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus Culture Bottles are used with BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Microbial Detection Systems in qualitative procedures for recovery and detection of aerobic and facultative anaerobic microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood and other normally sterile body fluids.

BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus Culture Bottles are used with BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Microbial Detection Systems in qualitative procedures for recovery and detection of aerobic and facultative anaerobic microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood.

NOTE: This submission is the result of a modification to the BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture media formulation. The intended use of the BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus, as described in their labeling (package inserts), has not changed as a result of this modification to the common growth medium formulation. This modification does not affect the fundamental scientific technology of this device.

# Device Comparison

The modified BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles have the same Intended Use & Indications for Use, Principle of the Test, Test Method and Specimen Sampling and Handling as the predicate devices (BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus (k121461) and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus (k121446) culture bottles). The modified BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture media formulation has been adjusted to add essential elements and to remove non-essential trace components.

# Substantial Equivalence

The BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles, modified through a formulation adjustment, demonstrated equivalent performance, which was established during internal (bioMérieux) verification studies performed on the BacT/ALERT Microbial Detection Systems. A substantial equivalence decision was determined when compared with the BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottle formulation cleared under k121461 and k121446, respectively.

# Performance Characteristics

Analytical studies to evaluate the Growth Performance (percent recovery and time to detection), Antimicrobial Neutralization, Limit of Detection, Delayed Entry, Repeatability and Stability were conducted to verify the equivalency of the adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottle formulation to the BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles cleared under k121461 and k121446, respectively.

# Growth Performance

A panel of 39 clinically significant microorganisms were tested in a direct comparison between the adjusted and predicate BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles in the presence and absence of blood. Equivalency was established if:

the recovery rates of the adjusted devices were determined to be equivalent based on the Newcombe’s Hybrid Score.

the time to detection (TTD) of the strains tested was determined to be equivalent based on the mean percent difference in TTD between the adjusted and predicate devices.

The recovery rate for the39 microorganisms evaluated in both the presence and absence of blood in the adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles met the criteria for equivalency to the predicate BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus (k121461) and BACT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus (k121446) culture bottles.

The time-to-detection (TTD) for 38 of the 39 microorganisms evaluated for growth performance in the adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles, in the presence of blood, met the criteria for equivalency to the predicate BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus (k121461) and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus (k121446) culture bottles. A delay in TTD was observed for Haemophilus parainfluenzae in the adjusted BacT/ALERT FA Plus and the PF Plus bottles, although both the adjusted and predicate had less than $100 \%$ detection.

The TTD for 32 out of 34 microorganisms evaluated for growth performance in the adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus culture bottles, in the absence of blood, met the criteria for equivalency to the predicate BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus (k121461) culture bottle. In the absence of blood, S. aureus and S. pneumoniae had a mean TTD delay of 1.7 hours and 5 hours, respectively, when tested in the adjusted BacT/ALERT FA Plus bottle. However, it should be noted that in the presence of blood there was no delay in TTD for S. aureus and S. pneumoniae. In the absence of blood, C. albicans and C. glabrata had a faster mean TTD of 3.6 and 36.6 hours, respectively, when tested in the adjusted BacT/ALERT FA Plus.

# Antimicrobial Neutralization

After formulation adjustments, representative antimicrobials from the claimed drug categories were tested in the adjusted BacT/ALERT FA Plus and PF Plus culture bottles, in the absence of blood, unless otherwise noted.

Antimicrobials from the following categories were neutralized by the adjusted medium: penicillins, glycylcyclines, polyenes, macrolides, triazoles, echinocandins, aminoglycosides, fluoroquinolones, lincosamides, glycopeptides, and oxazolidinones. Five echinocandin/ microorganism combinations were tested; one combination had a recovery rate of less than $100 \%$ . In the absence of blood, a $7 7 . 8 \%$ recovery rate was observed in the adjusted BacT/ALERT FA Plus and PF Plus bottles for C. albicans/caspofungin. In the presence of blood, a $9 7 \%$ recovery rate was observed in the adjusted BacT/ALERT FA Plus and PF Plus bottles for C. albicans/caspofungin. In addition, substantial equivalency for ceftaroline, cefoxitin, and cefazolin was observed between the adjusted and previous formulation for neutralization of the individual drugs. For S. aureus/cefoxitin, $66 \%$ recovery was observed initially, however, retest results showed $100 \%$ recovery. For E. coli/cefoxitin, a $100 \%$ recovery was observed. Less than complete neutralization was observed for cefazolin, which was neutralized at $50 \%$ peak serum level (PSL) when tested in PBS. Ceftazidime, cefepime, cefotaxime, and ceftriaxone were not evaluated in the adjusted formulation as less than complete neutralization was achieved in the previous formulation.

# Limit of Detection

The equivalency of the adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles for Limit of Detection (LoD) was established using a panel of 11 microorganisms listed in the IFU at a target concentration within a factor of two $\underline { { + 2 } }$ fold) of the established LoD reported. Equivalency for LoD was established if:

For each microorganism tested, $\mathtt { \ge 9 5 \% }$ recovery and detection was observed within the 5 day test period.

The adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles met the LoD criterion for equivalency with $\mathtt { \ge 9 5 \% }$ recovery and detection within the 5 day test period for the 11 microorganisms tested.

# Delayed Entry

Delayed entry is defined as a greater than 2-hour lapse in time between bottle inoculation and bottle loading. The equivalency of the adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles for delayed entry testing was established using a panel of 11 microorganisms. Inoculated bottles were tested with and without blood and were held at specified temperatures and times prior to loading into the instruments. Equivalency for Delayed Entry was established if:

• Percent recovery for delayed entry-adjusted devices was $100 \%$ within 5 days for each claimed holding temperature. The false positive rate for uninoculated bottles (those without organism) was $\leq 3 . 4 \%$

The adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles met the Delayed Entry recovery for the 11 microorganisms tested and the false positive rate criteria to establish equivalency.

# Within Laboratory Precision (Repeatability)

The equivalency of the adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles for repeatability was established using multiple organisms and multiple organism/antimicrobial combinations tested over multiple test days, operators, in the presence and absence of blood, and replicates from three bottle lots.

The adjusted BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FA Plus and BacT/ALERT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PF Plus culture bottles met the repeatability criterion with $100 \%$ recovery for all organisms / variables tested.