# )HEUXDU\

Immucor, Inc.   
Howard Yorek   
Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs 3130 Gateway Drive   
Norcross, Georgia 30071

Re: K183571 Trade/Device Name: Capture-CMV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3175 Regulation Name: Cytomegalovirus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LJO Dated: December 14, 2018 Received: January 8, 2019

Dear Howard Yorek:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Steven R. Gitterman -S IRU

Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K183571</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Capture-CMV</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

Capture- $\mathrm { \mathbf { C M V } } \mathbf {  }$ is an in vitro qualitative solid phase red cell adherence test system for the detection of antibodies (IgG plus IgM) to cytomegalovirus (CMV) in human serum or plasma. Capture-CMV is intended to be used in screening of blood and plasma donors or patients for serological evidence of previous infection by CMV.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Premarket Notification for Capture-CMV®

# Applicant Information

510(k) Owner: Address:

Immucor, Inc. 3130 Gateway Drive Norcross, GA 30071 770-441-2051 770-441-3081

Telephone: Fax:

Contact: Date Prepared:

Howard Yorek December 14, 2018

# Device Information

Device Trade Name:   
Device Common Name:   
Device Classification Name:   
Device Classification:   
Classification Product Code:   
Regulation Number:   
Predicate Device:   
510(k) Number:   
Capture-CMV®   
CMV Antibody Screen   
Cytomegalovirus serological reagents   
Class II   
LJO   
21 CFR 866.3175   
Capture-CMV (K910003)   
K183571

# Device Description and Intended Use

Summary of the Test

Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a common human viral pathogen which belongs to the family of herpes viruses. The presence of CMV antibodies in an individual indicates prior infection by the virus. The possibility exists that viral reactivation can occur in such individuals. CMV infection is usually asymptomatic, and can persist as a latent or chronic infection. Viral transmission may occur through transfusion of blood or transplantation of organs from seropositive donors.

Immunocompromised patients, such as premature neonates, organ transplant patients, and oncology patients, are at greater risk of developing more severe manifestations of CMV infections which can be a major direct or indirect cause of mortality in such patients. Congenitally infected newborns are especially prone to developing severe cytomegalic inclusion disease (CID). The severe form of CID may be fatal or may cause permanent neurological sequelae, such as mental retardation, deafness, microcephaly, and motor dysfunction. A CMV mononucleosis-type syndrome can result from the transfusion of CMV-infected blood products or the transplantation of CMV-infected donor organs in a seronegative immunocompromised patient. Low birth weight neonates are also at high risk to CMV mononucleosis through transfusion of CMV-infected blood products.

One method of preventing or reducing CMV infection in seronegative immunocompromised patients is to select CMV seronegative blood donors or organ donors that have been tested by serological screening test for antibodies to CMV. Capture-CMV is a solid phase red cell

adherence antibody detection system based on procedures of Plapp et al. This procedure is a modification of the mixed agglutination tests for antigen and antibody detection of Coombs et al. and Hogman employing anti-IgG and IgM-coated red cells as the indicator system.

# Intended Use

Capture- $\mathbf { \mathbf { \mathbf { C M V } } } ^ { \mathbb { ( B ) } }$ is an in vitro qualitative solid phase red cell adherence test system for the detection of antibodies (IgG plus IgM) to cytomegalovirus (CMV) in human serum or plasma. Capture-CMV is intended to be used in screening of blood and plasma donors or patients for serological evidence of previous infection by CMV.

Substantial Equivalence and Comparison to the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologicalCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Capture-CMV® is an in vitroqualitative solid phase red celladherence test system for thedetection of antibodies (IgG plusIgM) to cytomegalovirus (CMV)in human serum or plasma.Capture-CMV is intended to beused in screening of blood andplasma donors or patients forserological evidence of previousinfection by CMV.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture-CMV® is an in vitroqualitative solid phase red celladherence test system for thedetection of antibodies (IgG plusIgM) to cytomegalovirus (CMV)in human serum or plasma.Capture-CMV is intended to beused in screening of blood andplasma donors or patients forserological evidence of previousinfection by CMV.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalent Indications for useadd NEO Iris fordiagnosticscreening</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Serum or plasma samples areadded to the viral-coated wells.The samples are incubated for fiveminutes; during which antibodiesspecific for CMV proteins bind toimmobilized viral proteins.Unbound immunoglobulins arewashed from the wells andreplaced with a suspension of anti-</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serum or plasma samples areadded to the viral-coated wells.The samples are incubated for fiveminutes; during which antibodiesspecific for CMV proteins bind toimmobilized viral proteins.Unbound immunoglobulins arewashed from the wells andreplaced with a suspension of anti-IgG plus anti-IgM-coated indicatorred cells. Centrifugation brings the</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>IgG plus anti-IgM-coated indicatorred cells. Centrifugation brings the</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>indicator red cells in contact with</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>indicator red cells in contact withantibodies bound to theimmobilized viral proteins. In thecase of a positive test, themigration of the indicator cells tothe bottom of the well is impededas the anti-IgG and anti-IgMbridges are formed between theindicator red cells and the viral-bound antibodies. As aconsequence, the indicator redcells adhere over the surface of thetest well. In contrast, in theabsence of viral antigen-antibodyinteractions (i.e. a negative test)the indicator red cells are not</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>antibodies bound to theimmobilized viral proteins. In the</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>immobilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>case of a positive test, themigration of the indicator cells to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>the bottom of the well is impeded</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>as the anti-IgG and anti-IgMbridges are formed between theindicator red cells and the viral-bound antibodies. As aconsequence, the indicator redcells adhere over the surface of thetest well. In contrast, in theabsence of viral antigen-antibodyinteractions (i.e. a negative test)the indicator red cells are not</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>impeded during their migration,and pellet to the bottom of the wellas a packed, well-defined cellbutton.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>impeded during their migration,and pellet to the bottom of the wellas a packed, well-defined cellbutton.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Wells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMV antigen fromcytomegalovirus strain AS 169grown in human foreskin fibroblastcells is inactivated and coated ontomicrotitration wells and dried.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMV antigen fromcytomegalovirus strain AS 169grown in human foreskin fibroblastcells is inactivated and coated ontomicrotitration wells and dried.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture-CMVPositive ControlSerum (Weak)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum containing IgGantibodies to CMV viral proteins.Capture-CMV Positive ControlSerum (Weak) is manufactured torepresent the reactivity obtained byweak CMV antibody donors. WeakCMV antibody positive donorshave a titration endpoint of 1:2 orless. Sodium azide (0.1%) has beenadded as a preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum containing IgGantibodies to CMV viral proteins.Capture-CMV Positive ControlSerum (Weak) is manufactured torepresent the reactivity obtained byweak CMV antibody donors. WeakCMV antibody positive donorshave a titration endpoint of 1:2 orless. Sodium azide (0.1%) has beenadded as a preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture-CMVNegative ControlSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum containing noantibodies to CMV viral proteins.Sodium azide (0.1%) has beenadded as a preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum containing noantibodies to CMV viral proteins.Sodium azide (0.1%) has beenadded as a preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture-CMVIndicator RedCells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A suspension of human red bloodcells coated with rabbit anti-humanIgG plus goat anti-human IgMantibodies. The red blood cells aresuspended in a buffered solution towhich chloramphenicol (0.25mg/mL), neomycin sulfate (0.1mg/mL), and gentamycin sulfate(0.05 mg/mL) have been added aspreservatives.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A suspension of human red bloodcells coated with rabbit anti-humanIgG plus goat anti-human IgMantibodies. The red blood cells aresuspended in a buffered solution towhich chloramphenicol (0.25mg/mL), neomycin sulfate (0.1mg/mL), and gentamycin sulfate(0.05 mg/mL) have been added aspreservatives.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture LISS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A low-ionic strength solutioncontaining glycine, bromocresolpurple dye and the preservativesodium azide (0.1%).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A low-ionic strength solutioncontaining glycine, bromocresolpurple dye and the preservativesodium azide (0.1%).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test wells - 6 monthsControls  15 monthsCapture LISS - 12 monthsIndicator Red Cells  60 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test wells - 6 monthsControls - 15 monthsCapture LISS - 12 monthsIndicator Red Cells - 60 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methods</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual/Semi-automateddiagnostic screening (K910003)Manual/Semi-automated donorscreening (BK950029)Galileo® donor and diagnosticscreening (BK050050)Galileo Neo® donor anddiagnostic screening (BK100033)NEO Iris™M donor screening(BK180247)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual/Semi-automateddiagnostic screening (K910003)Manual/Semi-automated donorscreening (BK950029)Galileo® donor and diagnosticscreening (BK050050)Galileo Neo® donor anddiagnostic screening (BK100033)NEO Iris™M donor screening(BK180247)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalent -Indications for useadd NEO Iris fordiagnosticscreening</td></tr></table>

# Performance Testing – Non-Clinical

Design verification studies and other studies were performed to demonstrate design inputs for the Capture-CMV assay on the NEO Iris were met and to demonstrate equivalence in performance between the predicate device, Capture-CMV testing on the Galileo $\mathrm { \Delta N e o } ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ and the proposed device, Capture-CMV testing on the NEO Iris™.

# Performance Testing – Clinical

Method comparison studies were performed at three clinical sites, two external sites and internally at Immucor, Inc. Specimens were tested on NEO Iris and Galileo Neo. Test results were evaluated for agreement between analyzers. Specimens with discordant results were further tested with a commercially available particle agglutination assay for total antibody $\left( \mathrm { I g } \mathrm { G + I g } \mathrm { M } \right)$ to CMV.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>CMV Initial ResultsPatient SamplesN=501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Galileo Neo</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NEO Iris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>CMV Resolved Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Galileo Neo /Anti-CMV PA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NEO Iris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity100.0%(98.7%, 95% 2-sided LCI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity 97.8% (95.0%, 95% 2-sided LCI)</td></tr></table>

The reproducibility of the Capture-CMV assay on NEO Iris was determined using a panel of ten (10) coded samples, five (5) CMV antibody positive and five (5) CMV antibody negative, at three (3) test sites, two external sites and internally at Immucor, Inc. The samples were tested by two operators, in duplicated on two (2) runs per day for five (5) nonconsecutive days. The summary of reproducibility results by site are presented in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Concordance by Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalTests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Concordance(95% LCI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Concordance(95% LCI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%(97.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%(99.2%)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The clinical and non-clinical performance data demonstrate substantial equivalence of the NEO Iris Capture-CMV assay in terms of safety, design, performance and reproducibility compared to the predicate device.