QIAGEN GmbH   
Melissa Mahall   
Sr. Director Regulatory Affairs   
19300 Germantown Road   
Germantown, Maryland 20874

Re: K183597 Trade/Device Name: QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3980 Regulation Name: Respiratory Viral Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OCC, OEM, OOU, OEP, OOI, OTG, OZX, OZY, OQW, OZZ Dated: April 9, 2019 Received: April 9, 2019

Dear Melissa Mahall:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Uwe Scherf, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel

Indications for Use (Describe) The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with QIAstat-Dx system for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) eluted in Universal Transport Media (UTM) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel: Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ , Influenza A, Influenza A H1, Influenza A H3, Influenza A H1N1/pdm09, Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ , Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.

The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals presenting with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other management decisions. Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by the test or lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Bordetella pertussis and Parainfluenza Virus 1 were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Chlamydophila pneumoniae, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Influenza A subtype H1 and Coronavirus 229E were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel cannot reliably differentiate them. A positive QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Rhinovirus/Enterovirus result should be followed-up using an alternate method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis).

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established when Influenza A H1N1-2009 and A H3 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting Influenza A may vary if other Influenza A strains are circulating or a novel Influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# General Information

Submitted by:

QIAGEN GmbH QIAGEN Strasse 1 Hilden, Germany D-40724

# Contact Person:

Melissa Mahall Senior Director Regulatory Affairs 19300 Germantown Road Germantown, MD 20874

Phone: 301-944-7768 Email: melissa.mahall@qiagen.com

Date Prepared: April 9, 2019

Device Name:

QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel

Trade Name:

QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathbf { R } \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel

Common Name:

Classification:

866.3980 - Respiratory viral panel multiplex nucleic acid assay

Product Code: OCC, OEM, OOU, OEP, OTG, OQW, OOI, OZZ, OZY, OZX

# Predicate Device

Manufacturer Product Name 510(k) No. BioFire Diagnostics, Inc. FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Panel (RP) K123620

# Device Description

QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ is based on single-test cartridges with pre-packaged reagents including both wet and dry chemistry to handle the sample preparation and detection steps for the presence of a range of selected analytes by PCR technology. After insertion of the sample, the QIAstat-Dx assay cartridge is processed by the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Analyzer 1.0.

# Principle of Operation

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel is part of the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ system and works with the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ Analyzer 1.0.

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel is intended to be used with liquid sample nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS).

Once the cartridge has been inserted into the instrument, the test starts automatically and runs for approximately 74 minutes. When the test is finished, the cartridge is removed by the user and discarded. The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Analyzer 1.0 automatically interprets test results and displays a summary on the analyzer display screen. The results can be printed using a connected printer if needed. The detected analytes are displayed in red. All other tested but not detected analytes are listed in green. The analyzer will report if an error occurs during processing, in which case the test will fail and no results will be provided (screen will show “FAIL”).

# Resuspension of IC and Prot K

Following insertion of the cartridge, the IC and Prot K are resuspended with the buffer located in Reservoir 1 (resuspension buffer). The buffer from R1 is added to the interconnected IC cavity and Prot K cavity and transferred repeatedly between the Transfer Chamber and the cavities to ensure resuspension. The resuspended IC and Prot K are transferred to the sample cavity.

# Cell Lysis

Primary lysis of the cells and analytes present in a NPS sample and IC occurs by a combination of chemical and mechanical processes using a rotor inside the lysis chamber in the presence of a buffer that acts as a chemical agent in aiding the mechanical process. The fast movement of the rotor results in sample agitation, which creates turbulence and shear forces that favor the lysis of the cell wall.

After mechanical lysis is completed, the primary lysate is transferred to the purification chamber through a frit with $8 0 ~  { \mu \mathrm { m } }$ pore size. The second lysis buffer (from Reservoir 2) is added to the primary lysate to complete chemical lysis.

# Purification

Binding reagent (from Reservoir 4) is added to the lysate in the purification cavity, and the mix is passed through the silica membrane. In this process, the DNA/RNA molecules stick to the membrane, and the remaining components of the lysate are delivered to the waste chamber. Then the membrane is washed with a first washing buffer (from Reservoir 5) to wash away proteins. This is followed by a second washing step with a second washing buffer (from Reservoir 6) to remove any remaining substances other than the nucleic acids. A subsequent drying step eliminates volatile substances from the silica membrane. Prior to the elution step, the Transfer Chamber is rinsed with the rinsing buffer (from Reservoir 7) in order to remove any potential inhibitors from previous processing steps. At the end of the process, the nucleic acids are released from the membrane using an elution buffer (from Reservoir 8). The eluate is collected in the Transfer Chamber.

# Rehydration of Master Mix

A defined volume (approximately $1 3 5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ ) of the eluate is delivered to the dry chemistry reservoir (DCC) to rehydrate the Master Mix. Any remaining eluate is transferred to the waste chamber. The eluate/Master Mix solution is mixed by repeated transfer between the Transfer Chamber and the DCC.

# Aliquotting and PCR

Defined aliquots (approximately $1 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L } )$ of mixed eluate/Master Mix are sequentially transferred from the Transfer Chamber to each of seven Reaction Chambers containing the specified, air dried primers and probes.

Within each Reaction Chamber, multiplex rtPCR testing is performed. Increase in fluorescence (indicative of detection of each target analyte) is detected directly within each Reaction Chamber.

The rtPCR process is conducted by two submodules of the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Analyzer 1.0: the Thermal Cycler and the qPCR Sensor.

# Components Description

QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel Cartridge:

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathbf { R } \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel cartridge is a disposable plastic device that allows performing fully automated molecular assays. The main features of the QIAstat- $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathfrak { ( B ) } }$ Respiratory Panel cartridge for the RP assay include the ability to test liquid samples as well as direct swabs and the capacity to store all necessary reagents within the cartridge needed for such testing. The cartridge is also designed to allow future expansion to incorporate additional sample types, such as swabs. All sample preparation and assay steps will be performed within the cartridge.

All the reagents required for the complete execution of the test are pre-loaded and selfcontained in the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel. The user does not need to manipulate any reagents. During the test, reagents are handled by pneumatically-operated microfluidics without any direct contact with the user or the analyzer actuators. This eliminates any possibility of exposure of the user or the analyzer to chemicals contained in the cartridge during the test and up to the disposal of used cartridges.

Reagents may be found in three different physical forms: liquid, air-dried on surfaces or lyophilized powder cake.

Within the cartridge, multiple steps are automatically performed in sequence by using pneumatic pressure and a multiport valve to transfer sample and fluids via the Transfer Chamber to their intended destinations.

# QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Analyzer 1.0 is the unit that hosts a cartridge and, on command from the user, is able to run predefined assay protocols. The software specific to this test is preloaded on the QIAstat- $\mathbf { \bar { D } } \mathbf { x } ^ { \textregistered }$ Analyzer 1.0.

# Other Materials

Each QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel cartridge will be used with a transfer pipette. The NPS sample from the patient will be collected in a sample tube using a swab in transport medium (not provided with device).

QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Analyzer – the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel cartridge can only be run on the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ Analyzer.

# Calibrators and/or Controls

Blank controls are not applicable to the device because it is a single test disposable cartridge. Negative and positive external controls are recommended by the company but not provided with the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel.

QIAGEN provides an Internal Control within the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel cartridge. The IC is an MS2 phage. The IC is located in the IC cavity and is mixed with the sample during sample preparation and the eluate is mixed with the Master Mix, then aliquoted in all Reaction Chambers. The primers and probes necessary to detect the IC are present in Reaction Chamber 1. The IC is a process control that will go through all nucleic acid extraction and amplification steps, similar to patient samples.

The Analyzer 1.0 is provided factory calibrated and does not require user calibration. The Analyzer 1.0 includes self-check controls to verify the performance of all sensors and actuators and will alert the user in case of failure.

The RCA will provide the results to the Application Software. The Application SW will store all the information related to a given result in the database and will display a summary of detected and equivocal analytes and the result for the IC. All POSITIVE or EQUIVOCAL analytes will be listed as “DETECTED PATHOGENS”. The screen will also display the complete list of all “TESTED PATHOGENS”, including positive, negative, equivocal or invalid analytes.

# Specimen collection and transport materials

Samples are collected using a single-use Nasopharyngeal swab and a tube filled with transport medium.

NPS swab specimens are to be collected and eluted using one of the following compatible collection kits: Universal Transport Medium (UTM™) (Copan Diagnostics (Brescia, Italy and CA, USA)), MicroTestTM M4, M4RT, M5, M6 (ThermoFisher Scientific, MA, USA), BD Universal Viral Transport (UVT) System (Becton Dickinson, NJ, USA), Universal Transport Medium (UTM) System (HealthLink Inc., FL, USA), Universal Transport Medium (Diagnostic Hybrids, OH, USA), V-C-M Medium (Quest Diagnostics, NJ, USA) or UniTranz- $\cdot \mathrm { R T } ^ { \circledast }$ Universal Transport Media (Puritan Diagnostics, ME , USA) collection kits.

# Accessories and requirements

To be used in combination with the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer.

Transfer pipette (MS-253003) used with each QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel cartridge.

# Intended Use

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathbf { R } \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ system for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) eluted in Universal Transport Media (UTM) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel: Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ , Influenza A, Influenza A H1, Influenza A H3, Influenza A H1N1/pdm09, Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ , Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.

The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals presenting with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other management decisions. Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by the test or lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Bordetella pertussis and Parainfluenza Virus 1 were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Chlamydophila pneumoniae, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Influenza A subtype H1 and Coronavirus 229E were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the QIAstatDx Respiratory Panel cannot reliably differentiate them. A positive QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Rhinovirus/Enterovirus result should be followed-up using an alternate method (e.g., cell culture or sequence analysis).

Performance characteristics for Influenza A were established when Influenza A H1N1- 2009 and A H3 were the predominant Influenza A viruses in circulation. Performance of detecting Influenza A may vary if other Influenza A strains are circulating or a novel Influenza A virus emerges. If infection with a novel Influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health departments for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $3 +$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# Comparison of the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { X } ^ { \mathbf { ( 8 ) } }$ Respiratory Panel and the Predicate Device

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel is substantially equivalent to the predicate device:

• K123620: FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Panel

Similarities and differences between the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathbf { R } \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel and the predicate device are shown in Table 5.1.

Table 5.1: Comparison of the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { X } ^ { \left( \mathbf { \widehat { B } } \right) }$ Respiratory Panel with the predicate device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAstat-Dx® Respiratory Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire Diagnostics, Inc.'sFilmArray® Respiratory Panel(RP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K183597</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K123620</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3980</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3980</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with QIAstat-Dx system for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) eluted in universal transport media (UTM) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel: Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus A+B, Influenza A, Influenza A H1, Influenza A H3, Influenza A H1N1/pdm09, Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus A+B, Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals presenting with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole</td><td>FilmArray® Respiratory Panel (RP) is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with the FilmArray Instrument for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the FilmArray RP: Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus, Influenza A, Influenza A subtype H1, Influenza A subtype H3, Influenza A subtype H1-2009, Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic Device</td><td>Predicate</td><td>respiratory illness may be due to</td></tr><tr><td>cause of disease. Additional and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and Due to the small number of certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, Bordetella pertussis and Parainfluenza Virus 1 were established primarily with</td><td>Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by the test or lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel may not be the definite laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection. positive specimens collected for performance characteristics for retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Chlamydophila pneumoniae, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Influenza A subtype H1 and Coronavirus 229E were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens. Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the QIAstat-Dx</td><td>infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test or, lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a nasopharyngeal swab specimen. Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms: the agent(s) detected by the Film Array RP may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection. Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Bordetella pertussis, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus OC43, Influenza A H1, Influenza A H3, Influenza A H1-2009, Influenza B, Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, and Parainfluenza Virus 4 were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Chlamydophila pneumoniae were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens. Due to the genetic similarity between Human Rhinovirus and Enterovirus, the FilmArray RP cannot reliably differentiate them. A positive FilmArray RP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">alternate method (e.g., cell cultureor sequence analysis).Performance characteristics forInfluenza A were established whenInfluenza A H1N1-2009 and A H3were the predominant Influenza Aviruses in circulation. Performanceof detecting Influenza A may varyif other Influenza A strains arecirculating or a novel Influenza Avirus emerges. If infection with anovel Influenza A virus issuspected based on current clinicaland epidemiological screeningcriteria recommended by publichealth authorities, specimensshould be collected withappropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulentInfluenza viruses and sent to stateor local health departments fortesting. Viral culture should not beattempted in these cases unless aBSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">or sequence analysis).The FilmArray RP assay forCoronavirus OC43 may cross-react with some isolates ofCoronavirus HKU1. A dualpositive result may be due tocross-reactivity or may indicate aco-infection.Performance characteristics forInfluenza A were establishedwhen Influenza A H1-2009, AH1, and A H3 were thepredominant Influenza A virusesin circulation. Performance ofdetecting Influenza A may vary ifother Influenza A strains arecirculating or a novel Influenza Avirus emerges. If infection with anovel Influenza A virus issuspected based on currentclinical and epidemiologicalscreening criteria recommendedby public health authorities,specimens should be collectedwith appropriate infection controlprecautions for novel virulentInfluenza viruses and sent to stateor local health departments fortesting. Viral culture should notbe attempted in these cases unlessa BSL 3+ facility is available toreceive and culture specimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">epide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal  swabs (NPS)eluted in UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">See analyte list above, RNA/ DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See analyte list above, RNA/DNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplificationand DetectionTechnology</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">One internal control in eachcartridge to control for sampleprocessing that is subjected to allnucleic acid extraction and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two controls are included in eachreagent pouch to control forsample processing and both stagesof PCR and melt analysis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">amplification steps similar topatient samples. Labeling willrecommend use of negative andpositive external controlsregularly. Use transport mediumas the external Negative Control,and previously characterizedpositive samples or negativesample spiked with wellcharacterized target organisms asexternal Positive Controls.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labeling recommends the use ofexternal positive and negativecontrols regularly. Use viraltransport medium as the externalnegative control, and previouslycharacterized positive samples ornegative samples spiked with wellcharacterized organisms asexternal positive controls.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction of nucleic acids usingspin columns</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction of nucleic acids usingmagnetic beads</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplificationand DetectionInstrumentSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAstat-Dx Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Instrument</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics - Non-clinical Studies

# Limit of Detection

The Limit of Detection (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $2 9 5 \%$ of the tested samples generate a positive call. The LoD for each QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel pathogen was assessed by analyzing serial dilutions of analytical samples prepared from high-titer stocks obtained from commercial suppliers (ZeptoMetrix and ATCC) or artificial samples for commercially unavailable target analytes.

The LoD concentration was determined for a total of 51 pathogen strains. The LoD of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel was determined per analyte using selected strains representing individual pathogens that are possible to detect with the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel. To confirm the established LoD concentration, the detection rate of all replicates must be $2 9 5 \%$ (at least 19/20 replicates must generate a positive signal).

At least three different cartridge lots and at least three different QIAstat-Dx Analyzers were used for LoD determination for every pathogen.

Individual LoD values for each QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel target is shown in Table 5.2.

Table 5.2: LoD values obtained for the different respiratory target strains tested with the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel   

<table><tr><td>Pathogen</td><td>Strain</td><td>Source</td><td>Concentration Detection</td><td>rate</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A H1N1</td><td>A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td>ATCC® VR-897</td><td>341 CEID50/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H1: 20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810244CFHI</td><td>4 TCID50/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H1: 20/20</td></tr><tr><td>A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810036CFHI</td><td>15 TCID50/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H1: 19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Influenza A H3N2</td><td>A/Virginia/ATCC6/2012 ATCC VR-1811 *</td><td></td><td>0.1 PFU/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H3: 20/20</td></tr><tr><td>A/Wisconsin/67/2005*</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810252CFHI</td><td>3.8 TCID50/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H3: 20/20</td></tr><tr><td>A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td>ATCC VR-810</td><td>499.3 CEID50/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H3: 20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Influenza A, subtype H1N1/2009</td><td>A/Virginia/ATCC1/2009 ATCC VR-1736</td><td></td><td>67 PFU/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H1N1: 20/20</td></tr><tr><td>A/SwineNY/03/2009</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810249CFHI</td><td>56 TCID50/ml</td><td>Flu A: 20/20 H1N1: 20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Influenza B</td><td>B/Virginia/ATCC5/2012 ATCC VR-1807 *</td><td></td><td>0.03 PFU/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>B/FL/04/06</td><td>ATCC VR-1804</td><td>1080 CEID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td>ATCC VR-295</td><td>5000 CEID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Coronavirus 229E</td><td></td><td>ATCC VR-740</td><td>0.2 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td> *</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810229CFHI</td><td>3.6 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Coronavirus OC43</td><td></td><td>ATCC VR-1558</td><td>0.1 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>_ *</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810024CFHI</td><td>0.1 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Coronavirus NL63</td><td></td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810228CFHI</td><td>0.01 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Coronavirus HKU1</td><td>_ *</td><td>Clinical Sample S510</td><td>40,000 copies/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Parainfluenza Virus C35 * 1 (PIV 1)</td><td></td><td>ATCC VR-94</td><td>0.2 TCID50/ml 19/20</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810014CFHI</td><td>0.2 TCID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td>Pathogen</td><td>Strain</td><td>Source</td><td>Concentration</td><td>Detection rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Parainfluenza Virus 2 (PIV 2)</td><td>Greer _ *</td><td>ATCC VR-92</td><td>7.3 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810015CFHI</td><td>1.3 TCID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Parainfluenza Virus C 243 3 (PIV 3)</td><td></td><td>ATCC VR-93</td><td>2.3 TCID50/ml 20/20</td><td></td></tr><tr><td> *</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810016CFHI</td><td>11.5 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Parainfluenza Virus M-25 4a (PIV 4a)</td><td></td><td>ATCC VR-1378</td><td>0.5 TCID50/ml 20/20</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Parainfluenza Virus  * 4b (PIV 4b)</td><td></td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810060BCFHI</td><td>9.5 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Respiratory Syncytial Virus A</td><td>A2 *</td><td>ATCC VR-1540</td><td>12.0 PFU/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Long *</td><td>ATCC VR-26</td><td>33.0 PFU/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Respiratory Syncytial Virus B</td><td>18537 *</td><td>ATCC VR-1580</td><td>0.03 PFU/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>CH93(18)-18</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810040CFHI</td><td>0.4 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td>Peru6-2003 (type B2) *</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810159CFHI</td><td>0.01 TCID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td>hMPV-16, IA10-2003 (A1)</td><td>ZeptoMetrix 0810161CFHI</td><td>0.5 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>hMPV-20, IA14-2003 (A2) *</td><td>ZeptoMetrix, 0810163CFHI</td><td>0.4 TCID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td>hMPV-3, Peru2-2002 (B1) *</td><td>ZeptoMetrix, 0810156CFHI</td><td>1479.9 TCID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Adenovirus</td><td>GB (Adenovirus B3)</td><td>ATCC VR-3</td><td>4993.0 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>RI-67 (Adenovirus E4) * ATCC VR-1572</td><td></td><td>15.8 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Adenoid 75 (Adenovirus ATCC VR-5 C5) *</td><td></td><td>7331.0 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Adenoid 71 (Adenovirus ATCC VR-1 C1) *</td><td></td><td>69.5 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Adenoid 6 (Adenovirus C2) *</td><td>ATCC VR-846</td><td>28.1 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Tonsil 99 (Adenovirus C6) *</td><td>ATCC VR-6</td><td>88.8 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Pathogen</td><td>Strain</td><td>Source</td><td>Concentration Detection</td><td>rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Enterovirus</td><td>/US/IL/14-18952 (Enterovirus D68)</td><td>ATCC VR- 1824</td><td>8.9 TCID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td>Echovirus 6 *</td><td>ATCC VR-241</td><td>0.9</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td>1059 (Rhinovirus</td><td>ATCC VR-284</td><td>TCID50/ml 8.9</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Rhinovirus</td><td>B14) *</td><td></td><td>TCID50/ml</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>HGP (Rhinovirus A2) ATCC VR-482</td><td></td><td>8.9 TCID50/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td>11757 (Rhinovirus C16) *</td><td>ATCC VR-283</td><td>50.0 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Type 1A *</td><td>ATCC VR- 1559</td><td>8.9 TCID50/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>Mycoplasma pneumoniae Chlamydia</td><td>M129-B7 (type 1) * PI 1428</td><td>ATCC 29342 ATCC 29085</td><td>0.1 CCU/ml 1.0 CCU/ml</td><td>20/20 20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">pneumoniae</td><td>TW183</td><td>ATCC VR-</td><td>14.2 IFU/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>CWL-029 *</td><td>2282</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ATCC VR- 1310</td><td>120.0 IFU/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Bordetella pertussis</td><td>I028</td><td>ATCC BAA- 2707</td><td>0.3 CFU/ml</td><td>20/20</td></tr><tr><td>18323 *</td><td>ATCC 9797</td><td>2.6 CFU/ml</td><td>19/20</td></tr></table>

NOTE: For pathogen strains with (\*), the LoD has been obtained in simulated matrix.

# Analytical Reactivity

Analytical reactivity (Inclusivity) was evaluated with a collection of 127 respiratory pathogen isolates/strains that were selected based on clinical relevance and temporal/geographical diversity. Based on wet testing and in silico analysis, the QIAstat$\mathrm { D } \mathbf { X } ^ { \tilde { \mathbb { P } } }$ Respiratory Panel primers and probes are specific and inclusive for clinically prevalent and relevant strains for each pathogen. Wet testing has been done with the strains listed in Table 5.3. Every strain has been tested in triplicates with a $100 \%$ detection rate for concentrations listed.

Table 5.3: In vitro Analytical Reactivity details for all the pathogens tested with the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { X } ^ { \left( \mathbf { \widehat { x } } \right) }$ Respiratory Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supplier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CatalogueID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentrationtested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">x-foldLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">InfluenzaH1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810244CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810036CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-897</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.1CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-546</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">340 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mal/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.8CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Weiss/43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28117.1CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1469</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">390 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/FortMonmouth/1/1947</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1754</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.1CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1520</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.8TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/Iowa/15/1930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-333</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">889.1CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">InfluenzaH3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-810</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">499.3CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Virginia/ATCC6/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AV-VR-1811</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810252CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/15/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1882</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.8 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/3/75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-822</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1680</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1679</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1581.1TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Alice (recombinant,carries A/England/42/72)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-776</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRC-2 (recombinantA/England/42/72 andA/PR/8/34 strains)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-777</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8891.4CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100xLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Switzerland/9715293/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1837</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Influenza AH1N1 pan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Virginia/ATCC1/2009a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1736</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/SwineNY/03/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810249CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Virginia/ATCC2/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1737</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Virginia/ATCC3/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1738</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1800 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100xLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swine NY/01/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810248CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swine NY/02/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810109CFNHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/07/2009NYMC X-179A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1884</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1400CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada/6294/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810109CFJHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mexico/4108/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810166CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.1TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Netherlands/2629/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEIResources</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-19823</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza AH2N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Japan/305/1957 (nucleicacid) b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-2775</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00326 RNAng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Korea/426/1968xPuertoRico/8/1934 (nucleicaid) b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-9679</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0000625RNA ng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AH5N3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Duck/Singapore/645/1997 (nucleic acid) b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-9682</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002475 RNAng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AH10N7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chicken/Germany/N/49(nucleic acid) </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-2765</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.068 RNAng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza AH1N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant KilbourneF63, A/NWS/1934 (HA)x A/RockefellerInstitute/5/1957 (nucleicacids) b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-9677</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0148 RNAng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100xLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Virginia/ATCC5/2012a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1807</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/FL/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1804</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-295</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.9CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Notdetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hong Kong/5/72c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-823</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Notdetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-296</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">338 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/1/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1883</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1813</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2300CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/06 d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810037CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEIResources</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-42005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEIResources</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-9723</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Coronavirus229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810229CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-740</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CoronavirusOC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1558</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810024CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CoronavirusNL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810228CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEIResources</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NR-470</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusHKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a a, e</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NATRVP-IDI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3E+03copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAGENBarcelona(STAT-Dx)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalsmpleS510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2E+04copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAGENBarcelona(STAT-Dx)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalsampleS501</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7E+03copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAGENBarcelona(STAT-Dx)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinicalsample496</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7E+03copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ParainfluenzaVirus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810014CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NATRVP-IDI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E-2 f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parainfluenza Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Greer a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810015CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810504CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parainfluenza Virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810016CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.5TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C 243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NATRVP-IDI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E-3 f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenza Virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M-25 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1378</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810060BCFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810060CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.2TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CH 19503</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1377</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">RespiratorySyncytialVirus A+B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18537 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1580</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1540</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Long</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CH93(18)-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810040CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810040ACFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B WV/14617/85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.8TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">HumanMetapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA10-2003 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810161CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA14-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810163CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peru2-2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810156CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1478.9TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peru6-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810159CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA3-2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810160CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA27-2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810164CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peru3-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810158CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.6TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IA18-2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810162CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peru1-2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0810157CFHI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2187.8TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="15">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tonsil 99 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.8TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4992.8TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenoid 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.5TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenoid 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-846</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.1TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenoid 75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7331.2TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RI-67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1572</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.8TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Huie</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-863</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.9TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gomen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slobitski</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AV-1645 [128]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compton</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-716</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Holden</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-718</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1815</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dugan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-931</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tak (73-3544)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28117TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/US/IL/14-18952 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1824</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-1 (Cox)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-241</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1432</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M.K. (Kowalik)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E-6 f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gregory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">889.1TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bastianni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1660</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281.2TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Griggs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1311</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conn-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">158.1TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ohio-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2811.7TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nancy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHHE-29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kuykendall [V-024-001-012]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-850</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.1TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Rhinovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1059 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-284</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1559</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-482</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11757</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.9TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FEB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-483</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281.2TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33342</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1663</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">M.pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PI 1428 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29085</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M129-B7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29342</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FH strain of Eaton Agent[NCTC 10119]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15531</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">B. pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1028 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BAA-2707</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9797</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-536</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10380</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0E-2 f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">C.pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TW183 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-2282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.2 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CWL-029</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VR-1310</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AR-39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53592</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3x LoD</td></tr></table>

a LoD reference strain used to calculate the x-fold LoD. b Influenza A/Brisbane/59/07 (Zeptometrix, 0810244CFHI) used as reference strain to calculate the $\mathbf { X }$ -fold LoD.

c In silico analysis showed that this strain should be detected by QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel V1. In in vitro testing, the strain was not detected. It is identified as a derivative from $\mathrm { B } / \mathrm { L e e } / 4 0$ ancestral lineage which is not in circulation since the 1980s (Nogales A., Martínez-Sobrido L. (2017). Reverse Genetics Approaches for the Development of Influenza Vaccines (Review). Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2017, 18, 20.).

d In silico analysis showed that this strain should be detected by QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel V1. In in vitro testing, the strain (Victoria lineage) was randomly detected, therefore $\mathbf { X }$ -fold LoD could not be determined.

e Coronavirus HKU1 was quantified by a real-time PCR assay against a standard curve of synthetic Coronavirus HKU1 RNA transcript to obtain quantification of the viral nucleic acid in the clinical specimen (RNA copies/mL).

f Relative dilution from stock. Stock titer not available according to manufacturer.

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-Reactivity and Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity study was carried out by in silico analysis and in vitro testing to assess the cross-reactivity and exclusivity of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel. On-panel organisms were tested to assess the potential for intra-panel cross-reactivity and off-panel organisms were tested to evaluate panel exclusivity. The off-panel organisms selected were clinically relevant organisms (colonizing the upper respiratory tract or causing respiratory symptoms), common skin flora or laboratory contaminants, or microorganisms for which much of the population may have been infected. The on-panel organisms tested are shown in Table 5.4.

Samples were prepared by spiking potential cross-reactive organisms into simulated nasopharyngeal swab sample matrix at the highest concentration possible based on the organism stock – at least $\mathrm { 1 0 ^ { 5 } ~ T C I D { 5 0 } / m l }$ for viral targets and $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ for bacterial and fungal targets. These concentrations represent levels approximately 800–1,000,000- fold higher than the LoD of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel.

A certain level of cross-reactivity with off-panel Bordetella species and Bordetella pertussis was predicted by in silico sequence analysis and was observed when Bordetella holmesii and Bordetella bronchiseptica were tested in vitro.

# Table 5.4: List of Analytical Specificity Pathogens

Pathogen Type On-panel bacteria

Off-panel bacteria

Pathogen   
Mycoplasma. pneumoniae   
Bordetella pertussis   
Chlamydia pneumoniae   
Acinetobacter calcoaceticus   
Bordetella avium   
Bordetella bronchiseptica   
Bordetella hinzii   
Bordetella holmesii   
Bordetella parapertussis   
Chlamydia trachomatis   
Corynebacterium diphteriae   
Enterobacter aerogenes   
Escherichia coli (O157)   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus acidophilus   
Lactobacillus plantarum   
Legionella bozemanii   
Legionella dumofii   
Legionella feeleii   
Legionella longbeacheae   
Legionella micdadei   
Legionella pneumophila   
Moraxella catarrhalis   
Mycobacterium tuberculosis\*   
Mycoplasma genitalium   
Mycoplasma hominis   
Mycoplasma orale   
Neisseria elongata   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Neisseria meningitidis   
Proteus mirabilis   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Serratia marcescens   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus pneumoniae   
Streptococcus pyogenes   
Streptococcus salivarus   
Ureaplasma urealyticum

# On-panel viruses

Influenza A H1N1   
Influenza A H3N2   
Influenza A H1N1/pdm09   
Influenza B   
Cor 229E   
Cor OC43   
Cor NL63   
Cor HKU1†   
Parainfluenza Virus 1   
Parainfluenza Virus 2   
Parainfluenza Virus 3   
Parainfluenza Virus 4a   
RSV A   
hMPV A   
Adenovirus C   
Adenovirus B   
Enterovirus   
Rhinovirus   
Bocavirus‡   
Cytomegalovirus   
Epstein-Barr Virus   
Herpes Simplex Virus 1   
Herpes Simplex Virus 2   
Measles Virus   
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome   
Coronavirus§   
Mumps   
Aspergillus flavus   
Aspergillus fumigatus   
Candida albicans   
Cryptococcus neoformans

# Off-panel viruses

# Off-panel fungi

\* Mycobacterium tuberculosis genomic DNA tested † Coronavirus HKU1 clinical specimen tested $^ \ddag$ Bocavirus Type 1 clinical specimens tested $\ S$ Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus synthetic RNA tested

# Interference

The effect of potentially interfering substances on the detectability of the QIAstat- $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } @ \mathbf { \widehat { R } }$ Respiratory Panel organisms was evaluated. Thirty (30) potentially interfering substances were added to contrived samples at a level predicted to be above the concentration of the substance likely to be found in an authentic NPS specimen. The contrived samples (also referred to as combined samples) were each comprised of a mix of organisms tested at a concentration of 5xLoD.

Endogenous substances such as whole blood, human genomic DNA, and several pathogens were tested alongside exogenous substances like antibiotics, nasal sprays and different workflow contaminants.

The combined samples were tested with and without addition of an inhibitory substance allowing direct sample-to-sample comparison. Combined samples not spiked with any test substance served as a positive control. Additionally, for substances that may contain genetic material (such as blood, mucin, DNA and microorganisms), negative specimens (blank sNPS sample matrix with no organism mix) were spiked with only the test substance to evaluate the potential for false positive results due to the test substance itself.

Combined samples not spiked with any test substance served as a positive control and blank sNPS sample matrix with no organism mix as negative controls.

All pathogen-containing samples without spiked interferent generated positive signals for all pathogens present in the respective combined sample. Negative signals were obtained for all pathogens not present in the same sample but detected by the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel.

None of the substances tested showed inhibition, except for the nasal influenza vaccines (Table 5.5). This was due to the fact that the selection of substances concentration was higher than the concentrations expected to be present in a sample. In addition, nasal influenza vaccines (Fluenz Tetra and FluMist) were predicted to be reactive with the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel Influenza A (subtype) and Influenza B assays. Final dilution without observable interfering effect was $0 { , } 0 0 0 0 0 1 \% \ \mathrm { v } / \mathrm { v }$ for both vaccines.

No impact on performance is expected when clinical liquid samples are examined in the presence of the substances tested.

Clinically relevant co-infections testing demonstrated that when at least two QIAstat- $\mathbf { \nabla } \cdot \mathrm { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathfrak { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel pathogens of different concentrations are simultaneously present in one sample all targets can be detected by the assay.

Table 5.5: Final highest concentration without observable inhibitory effect.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Endogenous Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA 200 ng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 ng/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Blood (+NaCitrate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin from bovine submaxillary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Competitive Microorganisms</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+04 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Exogenous Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline Nasal Spray with Preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Afrin, Severe Congestion Nasal Spray(Oxymetazoline HCl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analgesic ointment(Vicks®VapoRub®)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Petroleum Jelly (Vaseline®)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluMist nasal influenza vaccine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,00001% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluMist nasal influenza vaccine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,000001% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluenz Tetra nasal influenza vaccine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,00001% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0,000001% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Disinfecting/Cleaning Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disinfecting wipes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">½ inches²/1ml UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNAZap</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNaseOUT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bleach</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Specimen Collection Materials</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Copan 168C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 swab/1mL UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Copan FloQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 swab/1mL UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Copan 175KS01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 swab/1mL UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Puritan 25-801 A 50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 swab/1mL UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VTM Sigma Virocult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VTM Remel M4-RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VTM Remel M4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VTM Remel M5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VTM Remel M6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD Universal Viral Transport</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Interference</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Stability

Verification that storage of NPS samples at the specified conditions do not impact the performance when tested with the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathbf { R } \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel compared to freshly tested samples was evaluated. The detailed list of pathogens and strains for the 10 sample mixes used in the study is described in Table 5.6 with the respective 5x or 1xLoD concentration. Each pathogen was spiked into HeLa in UTM combined samples in a final concentration of 5x LoD or $1 \mathrm { x } \mathrm { L o D }$ based on the 1x LoD concentration. During the study execution a total of 10 replicates per storage condition and target were tested.

Table 5.6: Pathogens tested in Specimen Stability Study   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TimesLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FinalConcentrationStock titer(re-titrated)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Mix 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.55E+6TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor HKU1*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Greer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16E+7TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CH93(18)-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.30E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TW183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25E+06 IFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Mix 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/4/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40E+09CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.90E+04TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV4a**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.00E+04TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/US/IL/14-18952(enterovirus D68)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.45E+07TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV-16, IA10-2003(A1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.55E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35E+07 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Mix 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza H1N1(pdm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Virginia/ATCC1/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.35E+06 PFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.41E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C 243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16E+07TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGP (rhinovirus A2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.41E+08TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.90E+08 PFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PI 1428</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+06 CU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Mix 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.90E+09CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor NL63***</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.85E+05TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus B3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GB (adenovirus B3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.90E+10TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Mix 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+6TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor HKU1*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Greer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.32E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CH93(18)-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TW183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.50E+05 IFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Mix 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/4/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08E+09CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+04TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV4a**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60E+04TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/US/IL/14-18952(enterovirus D68)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.89E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV-16, IA10-2003(A1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.70E+06 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Mix 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza H1N1(pdm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Virginia/ATCC1/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.70E+05 PFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.81E+05TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C 243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.32E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGP (rhinovirus A2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.81E+07TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSVA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80E+07 PFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PI 1428</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Mix 8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+09CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cor NL63***</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17E+05TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIV1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+05TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus B3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GB (adenovirus B3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+10TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mix 9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+6TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus B3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GB (adenovirus B3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+10TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Mix10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/US/IL/14-18952(enterovirus D68)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.89E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV-16, IA10-2003(A1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TW183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.50E+05 IFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mix 9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+6TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus B3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GB (adenovirus B3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+10TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Mix10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/US/IL/14-18952(enterovirus D68)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.89E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPV-16, IA10-2003(A1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zeptometrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+06TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TW183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.50E+05 IFU/mL</td></tr></table>

The storage conditions are provided in Table 5.7.

Table 5.7: Storage conditions and samples tested per time point   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageCondition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples tested with QIAstat-Dx® Respiratory Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 25 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mix 1 to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condition 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mix 1 to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condition 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mix 1 to 8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Condition 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15 to-25 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mix 1 to 8</td></tr></table>

Sample stability testing demonstrated that the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathbf { R } \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel Assay is capable of processing samples which are stored prior to the analysis under conditions typically utilized for NPS specimens according to the intended use.

The results of this study support the following recommendations for storage of NPS resuspended in UTM before testing:

Up to 4h at RT (15 to $2 5 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ ). • Up to 3 days in the fridge (2 to $8 ~ ^ { \circ } C$ ). Up to 30 days frozen (-15 to $- 2 5 \ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } $ ).

# Matrix Equivalency

A comparison of the performance of analytical samples prepared in NPS simulated matrix to negative clinical NPS sample matrix, and combined samples versus singlespiked samples was conducted. A total of 4 combined sample mixes were prepared by spiking individual pathogens in true-negative clinical NPS sample matrix for testing with QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel. Every sample combination was established to detect not more than one positive pathogen per Reaction Chamber (RC). In order to assess comparable performance for the NPS clinical matrix, a concentration of 1x LoD for at least one strain per pathogen covering the QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( \mathbf { R } \right) } }$ Respiratory Panel was prepared in a true-negative clinical NPS sample matrix and tested in 20 replicates (using one or more lots of QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Respiratory Panel cartridges executed on one or more QIAstat$\mathrm { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \mathbf { \mathbf { \beta } } } }$ Analyzers). In addition, up to 6 pathogens were spiked per sample in order to demonstrate comparable performance to single-spiked samples (one analyte per sample). The LoD in clinical NPS sample matrix using combined samples was not shown to be equivalent to LoD in simulated matrix for all analytes (established with single-spiked samples). While claimed LoD concentrations represent the highest (most concentrated) titer of analyte confirmed in clinical matrix, analytical studies were performed in simulated matrix using the LoD determined in simulated matrix (the more challenging condition).

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility testing of contrived samples was performed at three test sites. The study incorporated a range of potential variation factors introduced by sites, days, replicates, cartridge lots, operators, and QIAstat-Dx analyzers. For each site, testing was performed across 5 days with 4 replicates per day (leading to a total of 20 replicates per target, concentration and site), a minimum of 2 different QIAstat-Dx Analyzers per site, and at least 2 operators on each testing day.

A total of 12 sample mixes were prepared with at least 3 replicates tested per sample mix. Each pathogen was spiked into HeLa in UTM combined samples in a final concentration of 0.1x LoD, 1x LoD or 3x LoD, respectively. A summary of results for each analyte is provided in Table 5.8.

Table 5.8 summarizes the results for $0 . 1 \mathbf { x }$ LoD concentration where it is observed that the detection rate for 24 of the 24 targets was ${ < } 9 5 \%$ and therefore the acceptance criteria is met.

Table 5.8: Detection rate per target at 0.1x LoD concentration for each site of reproducibility study and 2-sided $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval by target   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target(0.1xLoD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionRate(#Positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Detectionrate(#Positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Adenovirus(ATCC VR-3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.9-70.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3-68.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.63%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.7-72.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5-62.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">B. pertussis(BAA-2707)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.84%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.2-59.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.6-55.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">C. pneumoniae(ATCC VR-2282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2-74.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.89%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.3-76.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1-85.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.02%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.3-72.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Coronavirus229E (ATCCVR-740)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.16%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.0-80.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.2-46.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.07%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.2-56.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusHKU1(NATRVP-IDI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.0-94.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.63%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.7-72.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.02%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.3-72.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusNL63(0810228CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.3-81.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.16%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.0-80.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.68%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.2-88.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.24%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.4-77.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusOC43(ATCC VR-1558)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.3-81.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.1-88.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.1-88.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59.2-81.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Enterovirus(ATCC VR-1824)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.9-61.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.58%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.4-54.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.1-56.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.59%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.6-48.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">HumanMetapneumovirus (0810161CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.6-51.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3-68.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.68%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.1-53.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(0810249CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.9-97.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86.3-98.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(ATCC VR-810)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.9-70.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3-68.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.21%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.4-94.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.34%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.5-71.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(ATCC VR-897</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1-85.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3-68.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.7-78.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59.32%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.6-70.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza AH1(ATCC VR-897</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.3-81.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.42%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.0-84.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.1-88.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.49%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56.9-79.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza B(ATCC VR-295)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.1-56.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3-68.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.9-61.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.68%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.1-53.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza H1N1(pdm09)(0810249CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1-85.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.4-91.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.1-88.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.8-84.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza H3(ATCC VR-810)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.3-81.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.21%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.4-94.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17/ 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89.47%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.6-97.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.31%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.2-87.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Mycoplasmapneumoniae(29085)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.3-81.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1-85.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1-85.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.8-78.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 1(0810014CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1-85.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.16%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.0-80.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3-68.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.34%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.5-71.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 2 (ATCCVR-92)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.89%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.3-76.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.7-78.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.24%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.7-66.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 3 (ATCCVR-93)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.3-81.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.0-94.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.0-94.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.4-86.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 4 (ATCCVR-1378)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.9-70.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.89%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.3-76.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.85%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.4-63.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RSVA (ATCCVR-1540)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.6-51.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.1-56.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8-65.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.6-49.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RespiratorySyncytial VirusB (0810040CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.1-85.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56.7-91.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.9-70.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.4-76.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Rhinovirus(ATCC VR-482)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.1-88.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.1-88.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.9-97.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.2-88.2%</td></tr></table>

Table 5.9 summarizes the results for 1x LoD concentration where it is observed that the detection rate for 24 of the 24 targets was $2 9 5 \%$ and therefore the acceptance criteria is met.

Table 5.9: Detection rate per target at 1x LoD concentration for each site of reproducibility study and 2-sided $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval by target   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target (1xLoD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionRate(#Positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Detectionrate(#Positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Adenovirus(ATCC VR-3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 /18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">B. pertussis(ATCC BAA-2707)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.9-97.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.6-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">C. pneumoniae(ATCC VR-282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Coronavirus229E (ATCCVR-40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.9-97.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.6-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusHKU1(NATRVP-IDI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusNL63(0810228CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusOC43(ATCC VR-1558)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Enterovirus(ATCC VR-1824)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.6-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">HumanMetapneumovirus (0810161CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.1-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(0810249CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(ATCC VR-810)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 /18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.28%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.9-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(ATCC VR-897)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.1-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza AH1(ATCC VR-897</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.1-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza B(ATCC VR-295)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.1-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza H1N1(pdm09)(0810249CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza H3(ATCC VR-810)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Mycoplasmapneumoniae(ATCC 29085)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 1(0810014CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 2 (ATCCVR-92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.6-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 3 (ATCCVR-93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 4 (ATCCVR-1378)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RSVA (ATCCVR-1540)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RespiratorySyncytial VirusB (0810040CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Rhinovirus(ATCC VR-482</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 /59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr></table>

Table 5.10 summarizes the results for $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD concentration where it is observed that the detection rate for 24 of the 24 targets was $2 9 5 \%$ and therefore the acceptance criteria has been met.

Table 5.10: Detection rate per target at $\mathbf { 3 x }$ LoD concentration for each site of reproducibility study and 2-sided $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval by target.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionRate(#Positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Detectionrate(#Positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Adenovirus(ATCC VR-3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">B. pertussis(ATCC BAA-2707</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">C. pneumoniae(ATCC VR-2282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.1-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Coronavirus229E (ATCCVR-740)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusHKU1(NATRVP-IDI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusNL63(0810228CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CoronavirusOC43 (ATCCVR-558</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Enterovirus(ATCC VR-1824)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">HumanMetapneumovirus (0810161CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(0810249CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(ATCC VR-810)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza A(ATCC VR-897)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza AH1(ATCC VR-897</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.1-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza B(ATCC VR-295)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.31%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.0-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza H1N1(pdm09)(0810249CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Influenza H3(ATCC VR-810)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Mycoplasmapneumoniae(ATCC 29085)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 1(0810014CFHI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 2 (ATCCVR-92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.4-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.1-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 3 (ATCCVR-93)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Parainfluenzavirus 4 (ATCCVR-1378)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 /19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 /20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59 / 59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RSVA (ATCCVR-1540)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RespiratorySyncytial VirusB (0810040CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 / 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Rhinovirus(ATCC VR-482)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LACNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INDIANA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 / 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Sites(Overall)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 / 58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.8-100%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics - Clinical Studies

The clinical performance of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel was established during a multi-center study conducted at six (6) geographically diverse study sites: five (5) U.S. sites and one (1) international site. Each study location was representative of the intended use setting (clinical laboratories) and testing was performed by trained clinical laboratory personnel. Residual nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) samples were collected from subjects with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection for QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel and comparator testing.

A residual NPS specimens in UTM from each study subject was tested with the QIAstatDx Respiratory Panel and the comparator FDA cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel, that matched all panel members, in accordance with product instructions for use. Specimens tested in the clinical study were collected using the Universal Transport Medium (UTM™) (Copan Diagnostics (Brescia, Italy and CA, USA)), MicroTestTM M4, M4RT, M5, M6 (ThermoFisher Scientific, MA, USA), BD Universal Viral Transport (UVT) System (Becton Dickinson, NJ, USA), Universal Transport Medium (UTM) System (HealthLink Inc., FL, USA), Universal Transport Medium (Diagnostic Hybrids, OH, USA), V-C-M Medium (Quest Diagnostics, NJ, USA) and UniTranz- $\mathbf { \cdot R T ^ { \circledast } }$ Universal Transport Media (Puritan Diagnostics, ME , USA) collection kits.

A total of 2,304 residual NPS specimens (1994 prospective and 310 archived) were tested in this comparison study. Between December 2017 to April 2019, specimens were prospectively collected from all comers meeting the study inclusion criteria and immediately frozen for later testing by the study site as frozen prospective specimens $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { N = 1 } , 0 9 3 )$ . No frozen samples were distributed amongst sites. At time of testing, specimens were thawed and tested on both the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel and comparator method.

Between February and August 2018, specimens were prospectively collected from all comers meeting the study eligibility criteria and tested fresh $( \mathrm { N } { = } 9 0 1 $ ) on both the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel and comparator method in accordance with product instructions as fresh prospective specimens. One specimen was withdrawn from the study due to an incorrect specimen type.

A total of 1994 specimens were evaluated for all panel members in the prospective study. The performance of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel was evaluated by comparing the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel test results with those from an FDA-cleared multiplexed respiratory pathogen panel.

Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) for each analyte was calculated as $100 \%$ x $\left( \mathrm { T P / [ T P + F N ] } \right)$ . True Positive (TP) indicates that both the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel and the comparator method yielded a “Detected” result of that specific analyte. A False Negative (FN) indicates that the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel was “Not Detected” while the comparator method was “Detected” for the analyte in question. Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) was calculated as $100 \%$ x $\left( \mathrm { T N } / [ \mathrm { T N + F P } ] \right)$ . True Negative (TN) indicates that both the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel and the comparator method resulted in “Not Detected” for that specific analyte. A False Positive (FP) indicates that the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel was “Detected” while the comparator method was “Not Detected” for the specific pathogen.

Binomial two-sided $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals were calculated using the Wilson Score Method.

The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel prospective performance data in positive percent and negative percent agreements against the comparator methods are presented by analyte in Table 5.11.

Table 5.11: QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel prospective clinical performance summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Analyte</td><td>TP/(TP +FN)</td><td>Sensitivity /PPA</td><td>95% CI</td><td>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td>Specificity /NPA</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Viruses</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Adenovirusa</td><td>Fresh</td><td>55/58</td><td>94.8%</td><td>85.9- 98.2</td><td>833/839</td><td>99.3%</td><td>98.4 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>31/32</td><td>96.9%</td><td>84.3 - 99.4</td><td>1047/1057</td><td>99.1%</td><td>98.3 - 99.5</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>86/90</td><td>95.6%</td><td>89.1 -98.3</td><td>1880/1896</td><td>99.2%</td><td>98.6 - 99.5</td></tr><tr><td>Analyte</td><td></td><td>TP/(TP +FN)</td><td>Sensitivity /PPA</td><td>95% CI</td><td>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td>Specificity /NPA</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Coronavirus 229E</td><td>Fresh</td><td>8/9</td><td>88.9%</td><td>56.5-98.0</td><td>886/886</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>0/0</td><td>N/A</td><td>N/A</td><td>1089/1089</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Overall 8/9</td><td></td><td>88.9%</td><td>56.5-98.0</td><td>1975/1975</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.8 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Coronavirus HKU1b</td><td>Fresh</td><td>3/3</td><td>100.0%</td><td>43.8 - 100.0</td><td>890/892</td><td>99.8%</td><td>99.2 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>48/49</td><td>98.0%</td><td>89.3 - 99.6</td><td>1035/1040</td><td>99.5%</td><td>98.9 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td>Overall 51/52</td><td></td><td>98.1%</td><td>89.9 - 99.7</td><td>1925/1932</td><td>99.6%</td><td>99.3 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Coronavirus NL63c</td><td>Fresh</td><td>4/5</td><td>80.0%</td><td>37.6 - 96.4</td><td>890/890</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>36/42</td><td>85.7%</td><td>72.2 - 93.3</td><td>1046/1048</td><td>99.8%</td><td>99.3 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Overall 40/47</td><td></td><td>85.1%</td><td>72.3  92.6</td><td>1936/1938</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Coronavirus OC43d</td><td>Fresh</td><td>3/3</td><td>100.0%</td><td>43.8 - 100.0</td><td>892/892</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6- 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>23/26</td><td>88.5%</td><td>71.0 - 96.0</td><td>1059/1063</td><td>99.6%</td><td>99.0 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>26/29</td><td>89.7%</td><td>73.6 - 96.4</td><td>1951/1955</td><td>99.8%</td><td>99.5 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Human Metapneumovir use</td><td>Fresh</td><td>62/67</td><td>92.5%</td><td>83.7 - 96.8</td><td>828/829</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.3 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>53/55</td><td>96.4%</td><td>87.7 - 99.0</td><td>1030/1034</td><td>99.6%</td><td>99.0 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>115/122</td><td>94.3%</td><td>88.6 - 97.2</td><td>1858/1863</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.4 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Rhinovirus/ Enterovirusf</td><td>Fresh</td><td>144/157</td><td>91.7%</td><td>86.3 - 95.1</td><td>715/739</td><td>96.7%</td><td>95.2-97.8</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>124/137</td><td>90.5%</td><td>84.4 - 94.4</td><td>941/953</td><td>98.7%</td><td>97.8 - 99.3</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall 268/294</td><td>91.2%</td><td>87.4 - 93.9</td><td>1656/1692</td><td>97.9%</td><td>97.1- 98.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Influenza Ag</td><td>Fresh</td><td>132/133 99.2%</td><td></td><td>95.8 - 99.9</td><td>753/757</td><td>99.5%</td><td>98.6 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>110/111</td><td>99.1%</td><td>95.1 - 99.8</td><td>972/977</td><td>99.5%</td><td>98.8 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall 242/244 99.2%</td><td></td><td>97.0 - 99.8</td><td>1725/1734</td><td>99.5%</td><td>99.0 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Influenza A H1h</td><td>Fresh</td><td>0/1</td><td>0.0%</td><td>0.0 - 79.3</td><td>894/894</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6- 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>0/0</td><td>N/A</td><td>N/A</td><td>1089/1089</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Overall 0/1</td><td></td><td>0.0%</td><td>0.0 - 79.3</td><td>1983/1983</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.8 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Influenza A H1N1/pdm09i</td><td>Fresh</td><td>62/63</td><td>98.4%</td><td>91.5 - 99.7 8</td><td>826/831</td><td>99.4%</td><td>98.6 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>18/18</td><td>100.0%</td><td>82.4 - 100.0</td><td>1071/1071</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>80/81</td><td>98.8%</td><td>93.3 - 99.8</td><td>1897/1902</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.4 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Influenza A H3j</td><td>Fresh</td><td>67/67</td><td>100.0%</td><td>94.5 -100.0</td><td>825/826</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.3 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>89/90</td><td>98.9%</td><td>94.0 - 99.8</td><td>992/998</td><td>99.4%</td><td>98.7 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>156/157</td><td>99.4%</td><td>96.5 - 99.9</td><td>1817/1824</td><td>99.6%</td><td>99.2 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Analyte</td><td>TP/(TP +FN)</td><td>Sensitivity /PPA</td><td>95% CI</td><td>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td>Specificity NPA</td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza Bk</td><td>Fresh</td><td>64/67</td><td>95.5%</td><td>87.6 - 98.5</td><td>827/828</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.3 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>58/62</td><td>93.5%</td><td>84.6 - 97.5</td><td>1026/1026</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>122/129</td><td>94.6%</td><td>89.2 - 97.3</td><td>1853/1854</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.7 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Parainfluenza 11</td><td>Fresh</td><td>3/3</td><td>100.0%</td><td>43.8 - 100.0</td><td>892/892</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6- 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>13/14</td><td>92.9%</td><td>68.5 - 98.7</td><td>1072/1075</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.2 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>16/17</td><td>94.1%</td><td>73.0 - 99.0</td><td>1964/1967</td><td>99.8%</td><td>99.6 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Parainfluenza 2 Fresh</td><td></td><td>2/2</td><td>100.0%</td><td>34.2 - 100.0</td><td>893/893</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen 0/0</td><td></td><td>N/A</td><td>N/A</td><td>1089/1089</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall 2/2</td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>34.2 - 100.0</td><td>1982/1982</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.8 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Parainfluenza 3m</td><td>Fresh</td><td>102/104</td><td>98.1%</td><td>93.3 - 99.5</td><td>788/793</td><td>99.4%</td><td>98.5 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>9/9</td><td>100.0%</td><td>70.1- 100.0</td><td>1081/1081</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6- 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>111/113</td><td>98.2%</td><td>93.8 - 99.5</td><td>1869/1874</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.4 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Parainfluenza 4n</td><td>Fresh</td><td>3/3</td><td>100.0%</td><td>43.8 -100.0</td><td>892/892</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>0/0</td><td>N/A</td><td>N/A</td><td>1087/1089</td><td>99.8%</td><td>99.3 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>3/3</td><td>100.0%</td><td>43.8 - 100.0</td><td>1979/1981</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td>Fresh</td><td>73/76</td><td>96.0%</td><td>88.9 - 98.6</td><td>819/820</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.3- 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>(RSV)</td><td>Frozen</td><td>139/144</td><td>96.5%</td><td>92.1 - 98.5</td><td>941/945</td><td>99.6%</td><td>98.9 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>212/220</td><td>96.3%</td><td>93.0 - 98.1</td><td>1760/1765</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.3 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td>Bordetella pertussisP</td><td>Fresh 2/2</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td>34.2 - 100.0</td><td>893/893</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen 1/1</td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>20.7- 100.0</td><td>1082/1088</td><td>99.4%</td><td>98.8 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall 3/3</td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>43.8 - 100.0</td><td>1975/1981</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.3 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td>Chlamydophila Fresh pneumoniae9</td><td></td><td>4/4</td><td>100.0%</td><td>51.0 - 100.0</td><td>891/891</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>1/1</td><td>100.0%</td><td>20.7 - 100.0</td><td>1087/1088</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.5 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall 5/5</td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>56.6 - 100.0</td><td>1978/1979</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.7 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td>Mycoplasma pneumoniae‡</td><td>Fresh</td><td>18/18</td><td>100.0%</td><td>82.4- 100.0</td><td>875/877</td><td>99.8%</td><td>99.2 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>1/1</td><td>100.0%</td><td>20.7 - 100.0</td><td>1085/1088</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.2 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall 19/19</td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>83.2- 100.0</td><td>1960/1965</td><td>99.7%</td><td>99.4 - 99.9</td></tr></table>

The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel detected a total of 191 specimens with distinctive multiple organism detections $9 . 6 \%$ of all specimens) in the prospective study.

A total of 1994 prospective clinical specimens were tested and analyzed during the prospective clinical evaluation. Of these, $9 5 . 8 8 \%$ (1912/1994) yielded valid results on the first attempt (i.e., first loaded cartridge). Invalid or no result were obtained for the remaining 82 specimens $( 4 . 1 1 \% )$ . Forty-two (42) specimens were invalid due to cartridge internal control failure $( 2 . 1 1 \% )$ . Of these, 20 $( 1 . 0 0 \% )$ provided a result for positively detected targets and 22 $( 1 . 1 0 \% )$ had no detections. For 40 $( 2 . 0 0 \% )$ specimens no results were obtained due to incomplete runs. Of these, 1 specimen was aborted by users $( 0 . 0 5 \% )$ , 21 were due to instrument errors $( 1 . 0 5 \% )$ and 18 were due to cartridge related errors $( 0 . 9 0 \% )$ . Seventy-two (72) of the 82 initially failed (no results or invalid) specimens yielded valid results after a single retesting using a new cartridge/sample. The remaining 10 specimens failed on the second attempt (2 due to cartridge failures, 1 due to instrument errors and 7 due to internal control failures). Of these internal control failures, detected pathogens were reported for 4 specimens.

# Conclusions

The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory Panel.