GenePOC Inc. Dany Leblanc VP QA/RA 360 rue Franquet Quebec, G1P 4N3 Ca

Re: K190275 Trade/Device Name: GenePOC Carba Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PMY, OOI Dated: February 6, 2019 Received: February 8, 2019

Dear Dany Leblanc:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 5.0 510(K) SUMMARY

# 510K SUMMARY

510(k) Number: K190275

A. GENERAL INFORMATION

Submission Date:

April 29, 2019

# Submitter Information:

Submitted By:

GenePOC Inc. 360 rue Franquet Québec (Québec) G1P 4N3

Contact Person:

Dany Leblanc   
VP Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs GenePOC Inc.   
Telephone: $+ 1$ 418 650-3535   
Email: dany.leblanc $@$ genepoc.ca

# B. PURPOSE FOR SUBMISSION

To obtain a substantial equivalence determination for the GenePOC™ Carba assay on the revogene™ instrument for the qualitative detection and differentiation of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP gene sequences from carbapenem-non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa.

# C. MEASURAND

Target DNA sequence of the following genes: blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP

# D. TYPE OF TEST

Qualitative real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) assay

# E. APPLICANT

GenePOC Inc.

# F. PROPRIETARY AND ESTABLISHED NAMES

Proprietary Name: GenePOC™ Carba Common Name : GenePOC™ Carba assay

# G. REGULATORY INFORMATION

Trade Name: Classification: Regulation: Regulation Name: Product Code: Panel:

GenePOC™ Carba   
Class II   
21 CFR 866.1640   
Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder   
PMY, OOI   
83 - Microbiology

# H. INTENDED USE

1. Intended Use and Indications for Use:

The GenePOC™ Carba assay, performed on the revogene™ instrument, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed for the detection and differentiation of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP gene sequences associated with carbapenem-nonsusceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, when grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. The test utilizes automated real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR).

The GenePOC™ Carba assay should be used in conjunction with other laboratory tests including phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing. A negative GenePOC™ Carba assay result does not preclude the presence of other resistance mechanisms.

The GenePOC™ Carba assay is intended as an aid for infection control in the detection of carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria that colonize patients in healthcare settings. The identification of a blaIMP, blaNDM or blaVIM metallo- $\beta$ -lactamase gene (i.e., the genes that encode the IMP, NDM and VIM metallo- $\boldsymbol { \cdot } \boldsymbol { \beta }$ -lactamases, respectively) may be used as an aid to clinicians in determining appropriate therapeutic strategies for patients with known or suspected carbapenem non-susceptible infections.

2. Special conditions for use statement(s):

Prescription Use Only

Organisms should be identified and carbapenem non-susceptibility status should be determined prior to testing with the GenePOC™ Carba assay.

The GenePOC™ Carba assay detects blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP resistance genes from pure colonies and is not for bacterial identification.

The performance of the GenePOC™ Carba assay with bacteria other than Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, has not been evaluated.

The GenePOC™ Carba assay is not a sub-typing tool and does not report variants of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP.

3. Special instrument requirements:

The GenePOC™ Carba assay uses PCR technology on the revogene™ instrument platform, which extracts, amplifies, and detects the target DNA.

# I. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Same as Intended Use.

# J. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The GenePOC™ Carba assay is an automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP gene sequences in carbapenem-non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. The GenePOC™ Carba assay is designed to be performed on the revogene™ instrument. The revogene™ is an instrument that automates sample homogenization, sample dilution, cells lysis, DNA amplification, and detection of the amplified PCR products.

The GenePOC™ Carba assay kit is comprised of single-use, disposable microfluidic cartridges (PIEs), Sample Buffer Tubes (SBT), and Disposable Transfer Tools (DTT). These components are used to dilute the sample, extract, amplify, and simultaneously detect blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP DNA. A Process Control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ is also incorporated into each PIE to verify sample processing and amplification steps. The $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ allows for the verification of potential inhibitor substances as well as microfluidic, instrument or reagent failure.

Each GenePOC™ Carba assay kit contains 24 individual pouches. Each pouch has components for one (1) test including one (1) Carba PIE, one (1) SBT, and one (1) DTT. The single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridges are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time PCR for the detection of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP gene sequences from isolates of pure cultures of carbapenem-non-susceptible gram-negative bacteria in approximately 70 minutes. User intervention is only required for preparing the standardized 0.5 McFarland bacterial suspension from characterized carbapenem-non-susceptible isolated colonies, inoculating the bacterial suspension into the Sample Buffer Tube (SBT), transferring the sample into the single-use disposable PIE, and loading/unloading the PIEs into the revogene™ carousel. Each PIE is a completely integrated closed device in which a sample is dispensed and processed through different microfluidic chambers and channels that allow for the sample processing and subsequent real-time PCR steps.

Upon completion of a run, the results are interpolated by the revogene™ from measured fluorescent signals and embedded calculation algorithms. The output results include positive, negative, indeterminate, and unresolved. Upon completion of a run, the user removes the used cartridges and disposes of them in normal biological waste. The results are automatically generated at the end of the process in a report that can be viewed and printed.

# K. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION

1. Predicate Device Name: Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Carba-R Assay

2. Predicate 510(k) Number: K152614

3. Comparison with Predicate:

The GenePOC™ Carba assay is substantially equivalent to the Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Carba-R Assay (K152614). The GenePOC™ Carba and the Xpert Carba-R assays both detect target gene sequences from antibiotic-non-susceptible bacteria and use real-time PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection. The performance of the GenePOC™ Carba assay was determined in a multi-site clinical study. The table below shows the similarities and differences between the GenePOC™ Carba assay and the predicate device (Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Carba-R Assay).

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>GenePOCTM Carba assay</td><td>Xpert® Carba-R Assay (Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td>K Number</td><td>K190275</td><td>K152614</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td>Classification Intended Use</td><td>Class II The GenePOCTM Carba assay, performed on</td><td>Class II The Xpert® Carba-R Assay,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>the revogeneTM instrument, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed for the detection and differentiation of the blakpc, blaNDm, blavIm, blaoxA-48-like, and blaMp gene sequences associated with carbapenem-non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, when grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. The test utilizes automated real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR). The GenePOCTM Carba assay should be used in conjunction with other laboratory of carbapenem-non-susceptible bacteria that colonize patients in healthcare settings. The</td><td>performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and differentiation of the blakpc, blandm, blavm, blaoxa-48, and blamp gene sequences associated with carbapenem-non- susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. The test utilizes automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR).</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>tests including phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing. A negative GenePOCTM Carba assay result does not preclude the presence of other resistance mechanisms. The GenePOCTM Carba assay is intended as an aid for infection control in the detection</td><td>A negative Xpert Carba-R Assay result does not preclude the presence of other resistance mechanisms. The Xpert Carba-R Assay should be used in conjunction with other laboratory tests including phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing. The Xpert</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GenePOCTM Carba assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Carba-R Assay(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">metallo-β-lactamase gene (i.e., the genesthat encode the IMP, NDM and VIMmetallo-β-lactamases, respectively) may beused as an aid to clinicians in determiningappropriate therapeutic strategies forpatients with known or suspectedcarbapenem non-susceptible infections.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and differentiating genetic markersof resistance to monitor the spreadof carbapenem-non-susceptibleorganisms in healthcare settings.The Xpert Carba-R Assay is notintended to guide or monitortreatment for carbapenem-non-susceptible bacterial infections.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated nucleic acid amplification; real-time PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable single-use, multi-chamberedfluidic cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TaqMan® Probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detects blakc, bland, blav, blaoxa-48-like,and blamp genes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of TestResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial isolates from culture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonasaeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">revogeneTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeneXpert Instrument System(includes GeneXpert Dx, Infinity-48, Infinity-48s, and Infinity-80)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Obtain TestResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 70 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 50 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Variant Type(s)Detected (based onanalytical studies) 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2, 3, 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2, 3, 4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1, 4 to 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1, 2, 4, 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-1, 4, 8, 9, 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-1, 2, 4, 6, 10, 11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48, 181, 204, 232</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48, 181</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-1, 2, 10, 19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-1, 2, 4, 10, 19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Types(s) NotDetected (based onanalytical studies) 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-7, 13, 14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Additional DetectableVariant Types(s)Predicted from insilico analysis1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-5 to 38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-5 to 16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-2, 3, 8 to 24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-3, 6 to 9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-2, 5, 6, 10, 13 to 20, 23 to 26, 28 to 30,32, 33, 37, 38, 40, 42, 45, 47 to 49, 53 to 56,59, 60, 62, 66, 69 to 72, 74 to 79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-3, 8, 9, 13, 19 to 22, 24, 25, 27,28, 30, 31, 33, 37, 40, 42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-162, 199, 244, 245, 252, 370, 484,505, 514, 515, 519, 546, 547, 566</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-162, 163, 204, 232, 244, 245,247</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-3 to 6, 8, 9, 11, 12, 14 to 18, 20, 23 to46, 48 to 50, 52 to 55, 57, 59, 60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM 5 to 9, 11 to 18, 20, 23 to 38</td></tr></table>

1 Note: The variants listed reflect the respective labeling of each device and the analytical studies and in silico analyses conducted at the time of 510(k) clearance.

The GenePOC™ Carba assay has the same general intended use as the predicate device and has the same technological characteristics as the predicate device. The differences between the GenePOC™ Carba assay and the predicate device do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness.

# L. STANDARDS/GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS REFERENCED

• CLSI Guideline EP25-A, Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline, 2009. CLSI EP28-A3c, Guideline Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline, 2008. CLSI M02, Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Disk Susceptibility Tests; Approved Guideline, $1 3 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ edition, 2018.   
• CLSI M100, Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Approved Guideline, $2 8 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ edition, 2018.

# M. TEST PRINICIPLE

The GenePOC™ Carba assay is a single-use test for the qualitative detection and differentiation of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP gene sequences in carbapenem-non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar that utilizes an automated sample preparation and real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) technology with fluorogenic detection of the amplified DNA. The GenePOC™ Carba assay utilizes the GenePOC™ Carba microfluidic cartridge (PIE) for the simultaneous detection of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP DNA and the internal process control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ DNA (to verify sample processing, amplification, and the absence of reaction inhibitors).

Well-characterized Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, carbapenem-non-susceptible strain is streaked for isolation on a blood agar plate (BAP) or a MacConkey agar plate with a $1 0 { \mathrm { - } } \mu \ g$ meropenem disc on the first quadrant. The plate is then incubated for 18-24 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ under aerobic conditions. A standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ arland (McF) suspension is prepared in saline solution by collecting isolated colonies selected from the incubated agar plate with a sterile swab. Fifteen (15) $\mu \mathrm { L }$ of the $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { M c F }$ suspension are transferred into the Sample Buffer Tube (SBT) containing $1 \ \mathrm { m L }$ of Sample Buffer (SB). After a 15-second vortex step at maximal speed, a volume of SB lying between the two marks of the DTT is sampled from the SBT and transferred into a GenePOC™ Carba PIE to perform the assay. The loaded GenePOC™ Carba PIE is placed into the revogene™ for further sample processing. No operator intervention is necessary once the sample is loaded onto the revogene™.

Each Carba PIE is a completely integrated and self-contained device. Each sample is sequentially transferred by centrifugation from one microfluidic chamber to the next and all reagents specific for the PCR reaction are incorporated and dried within the PCR wells. The stepwise process includes sample homogenization, lysis of cells, and sample dilution followed by the subsequent real-time PCR steps. An internal $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ is contained in the homogenization chamber and is therefore present in every test to verify critical steps of the analytical process (including sample lysis, dilution and nucleic acid amplification and detection) for the presence of potential inhibitory substances as well as system or reagent failures. The amplified products are detected in real time using target-specific TaqMan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ chemistry-based probes. The results are interpolated by the system from measured fluorescent signals and embedded calculation algorithms. Results may be viewed, printed, transferred, and/or stored by the user.

# N. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

1. Analytical Performance a. Reproducibility/Precision

The Reproducibility and Precision study was performed by testing a total of ten (10) positive bacterial carbapenem-non-susceptible strains, each one harboring resistance gene targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay $\mathrm { \Pi } _ { \mathrm { n } } { = } 2$ strains per resistance gene, i.e. blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } } )$ and one (1) negative bacterial carbapenem-non-susceptible strain that does not carry any of the resistance genes targeted by the assay from standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ suspensions.

The Between-Laboratory Reproducibility study was performed by two (2) operators at three (3) sites with one (1) GenePOC™ Carba assay kit lot over a total of five (5) days (consecutive or not) per panel member tested. Two (2) runs were performed by each operator on each day. On each day of testing, four (4) panel members of each positive strain were tested on each site and by each operator for a total of 120 replicates per strain (5 days of testing x 4 panel members per strain $x \ 3$ sites x 2 operators $= \ I 2 0$ replicates per strain). Eight (8) negative panel members were also tested on each site and by each operator, on each respective day of testing for a total of 240 replicates (5 days of testing x 8 panel members x 3 sites $x 2$ operators $= 2 4 0$ replicates).

To assess the Between-Lot Reproducibility, testing was pursued at one (1) site with two (2) additional kit lots for a total of 15 days of testing (five (5) days per kit lot, consecutive or not) per panel member tested for each kit lot. Two (2) runs per kit lot were performed by each operator on each day. On each day of testing, four (4) panel members of each positive strain were tested by each operator for a total of 120 replicates per strain $5$ days of testing x 4 panel members per strain $x \ 3$ kit lots $x \ 2$ operators $= \ I 2 0$ replicates per strain). Eight (8) negative panel members were also tested with each kit lot and by each operator, on each respective day of testing for a total of 240 replicates (5 days of testing $x \ : \delta$ panel members $x 3$ kit lots $x 2$ operators $=$ 240 replicates).

The Within-Laboratory Precision for each panel member was calculated based on one (1) GenePOC™ Carba assay kit lot (kit lot 1) that was tested by two (2) operators at site 1 over a total of five (5) days (consecutive or not). A total of 40 replicates for each of the ten (10) positive bacterial carbapenem-non-susceptible strains, each one harboring one (1) resistance gene targeted by the GenePOC Carba assay $\scriptstyle ( \mathtt { n } = 2$ strains per resistance gene), were considered for the analysis ( $5$ days of testing $x \ 4$ panel members per strain $\boldsymbol { x } \boldsymbol { \ 2 }$ operators $= ~ 4 0$ replicates). A total of 80 replicates of the negative bacterial carbapenem-non-susceptible strain that does not carry any of the resistance genes targeted by the assay were also considered (5 days of testing x 8 panel members x 2 operators $= 8 0$ replicates).

For the negative samples tested, there was agreement of $9 8 . 8 \%$ (237/240; $9 5 \%$ CI: $[ 9 6 . 4 \substack { - 9 9 . 6 \% } ]$ , $9 9 . 6 \%$ (239/240; $9 5 \%$ CI: $[ 9 7 . 7 . 9 9 . 9 \% ] $ ) and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (80/80; $9 5 \%$ CI: $[ 9 5 . 4 \substack { - 1 0 0 . 0 \% } ]$ , respectively for the Between-Laboratory Reproducibility study, the Between-Lot Reproducibility study and for the Within-Laboratory Precision study. For the positive samples, agreement of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (120/120; $9 5 \%$ CI: $[ 9 6 . 9 \substack { - 1 0 0 . 0 \% } ] )$ , $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (120/120; $9 5 \%$ CI: $[ 9 6 . 9 \substack { - 1 0 0 . 0 \% } ] )$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (40/40; $9 5 \%$ CI: $[ 9 1 . 2 – 1 0 0 . 0 \% ] $ ), was achieved for each panel member in the Between-Laboratory Reproducibility study, the Between-Lot Reproducibility study and for the Within-Laboratory Precision study, respectively.

Tested Target Results and Overall Agreement for the Between-Laboratory Reproducibility Qualitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Results/Total</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Overall %Agreement[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResistanceGene andVariant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237/240 (98.8%)[96.4-99.6]</td></tr></table>

Tested Target Results and Overall Agreement for the Between-Lot Reproducibility Qualitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Results/Total</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Overall %Agreement[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResistanceGene andVariant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Kit Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Kit Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Kit Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/120 (100.0%)[96.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239/240 (99.6%)[97.7-99.9]</td></tr></table>

Tested Target Results and Overall Agreement for the Within-Laboratory Precision Qualitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Results/Total</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Overall % Agreement[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Resistance Geneand Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1 and Kit Lot 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40 (100.0%) [91.2-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80 (100.0%) [95.4-100.0]</td></tr></table>

Ct Values for the Between-Laboratory Reproducibility Quantitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResistanceGene andVariant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean Ct1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr></table>

N: Number; SD: Standard Deviation; CV: Coefficient of Variation 1 For resistance genes and variants, Ct values reported are for the specified gene. For negative samples, Ct values reported are for the $\mathrm { P r } \mathrm { C }$ .

Ct Values for the Between-Lot Reproducibility Quantitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResistanceGene andVariant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean Ct1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td></tr></table>

N: Number; SD: Standard Deviation; CV: Coefficient of Variation 1 For resistance genes and variants, Ct values reported are for the specified gene. For negative samples, Ct values reported are for the $\mathrm { P r } \mathrm { C }$ .

Ct Values for the Within-Laboratory Precision Quantitative Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResistanceGene andVariant</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean Ct1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr></table>

N: Number; SD: Standard Deviation; CV: Coefficient of Variation 1 For resistance genes and variants, Ct values reported are for the specified gene. For negative samples, $\mathrm { C t }$ values reported are for the $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$

b. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

Not Applicable.

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (controls, calibrators, or methods)

Internal Process Control (PrC)

Each PIE contains a $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ that controls for amplification inhibition, assay reagents, and sample processing effectiveness.

# External Controls

External Controls should be prepared by the end user. These are recommended but not required to perform the GenePOC™ Carba assay. The user should select the most appropriate controls for their laboratory quality control program to comply with applicable regulations and the requirements of accrediting agencies.

As a Positive External Control, GenePOC recommends using a standardized $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { M c F }$ suspension of Klebsiella pneumoniae or Escherichia coli prepared from a commercially available strain that harbors one of the targeted carbapenemase genes (NCTC 13476 for blaIMP-1, CCUG 59348 for blaKPC-2, $\operatorname { A T C C } ^ { \mathbf { \widehat { \mathbb { R } } } }$ BAA- $2 1 4 6 ^ { \mathrm { { T M } } }$ for blaNDM-1, $\operatorname { A T C C } ^ { \mathbb {  } }$ BAA$2 5 2 3 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ for blaOXA-48 and NCTC 13440 for blaVIM-1).

As a Negative External Control, GenePOC recommends using a standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ suspension of isolated colonies from a representative carbapenem-non-susceptible bacterial strain of Enterobacteriaceae, A. baumannii or $P .$ . aeruginosa that does not carry any of the resistance genes targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay.

# Sample Stability in the PIE

The GenePOC™ Carba assay PIE (microfluidic cartridge) stability study was verified by testing five (5) positive carbapenem-non-susceptible bacterial strains, each carrying a different carbapenemase gene (blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP) targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay. In addition, a carbapenem-non-susceptible Enterobacter cloacae strain that does not carry any of the carbapenemase resistance genes targeted by the assay was also tested.

Both positive and negative samples were tested with the GenePOC™ Carba assay from standardized 0.5 and 4 McF suspensions, respectively. The results of the study support the recommended maximum interval of one (1) hour at $2 5 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ from opening of the PIE pouch and sample addition into the GenePOC™ Carba assay PIE to processing on the revogene™ instrument.

# Sample Stability

Sample stability was evaluated with Sample Buffer Tube (SBT) inoculated with a standardized $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { M c F }$ suspension of a bacterial strain carrying one of the resistance genes targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay (blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP) and with a standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { \ : \ : M c F }$ suspension of a carbapenem-nonsusceptible bacterial strain that does not carry any of the resistance genes targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay. The product labeling indicates that SBT inoculated with a standardized $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { \ M c F }$ suspension prepared from carbapenem non-susceptible bacterial isolates can be stored at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to seven (7) days or at $2 5 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to four (4) days prior to testing with the GenePOC™ Carba assay.

d. Detection Limit

Not applicable.

e. Analytical Reactivity

The analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the GenePOC™ Carba assay was evaluated with 58 carbapenem-non-susceptible isolates of Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii from various geographic origins representing temporal diversity and harboring variants of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP carbapenemase genes:

Two (2) strains with two (2) resistance genes;   
11 strains (including five [5] variants) with the blaIMP resistance gene;   
11 strains (including at least three [3] variants) with the blaKPC resistance gene;   
14 strains (including five [5] variants) with the blaNDM resistance gene;   
11 strains (including three [3] variants) with the blaOXA-48-like resistance gene;   
9 strains (including four [4] variants) with the blaVIM resistance gene.

Each strain was tested from a standardized $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { M c F }$ bacterial suspension. Three (3) replicates per strain were tested using three (3) different GenePOC™ Carba kit lots (one (1) replicate per kit lot). The ability of the GenePOC™ Carba assay to detect multiple variants of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP carbapenemase genes in the 58 Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii strains carrying these genes was demonstrated.

Carbapenem-Non-susceptible Bacterial Isolates Tested for Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) with the GenePOC™ Carba Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection Number</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Geographical and TemporalOrigin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reported ResistanceGene and Variant(When Available)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Isolates Harboring Multiple Genes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® BAA-2793TM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2, VIM-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23061</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switzerland2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-232, NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">KPC Isolates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13438</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® BAA-1705TM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21587</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21578</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21581</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19587</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19570</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 59413</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sweden</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 59348</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 56233</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sweden</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2088</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® BAA-2340TM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA (State Public Healthlaboratories)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">NDM Isolates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13443</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® BAA-2146TM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA (State Public Healthlaboratories)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21711</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22257</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22254</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23064</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switzerland2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switzerland2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switzerland2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® BAA-2468TM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA (State Public Healthlaboratories)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 60138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sweden</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM Isolates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13437</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13439</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13440</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19585</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22258</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21588</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22261</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22720</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Argentina</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM-19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48-like Isolates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13442</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22263</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22265</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22264</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-181</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-181</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switzerland2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-204</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-204</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® BAA-2523TM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">human clinical isolates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC® BAA-2524TM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">human clinical isolates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG 64452</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sweden</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGellowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP Isolates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13476</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacterbaumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19488</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19569</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Japan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19582</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turkey</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21589</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada{2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19583</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Taiwan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19588</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Taiwan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter youngae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21591</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19584</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Taiwan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21590</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">China</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22262</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP-11</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N } / \mathrm { A } = \mathrm { N o t }$ Available 2 Isolation country

An in silico analysis was performed to assess inclusivity of the primers and probes of the GenePOC™ Carba assay. For each target, all variants documented in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) nucleotide database were analyzed on November $7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2018. One representative sequence of each known variant was aligned. Variants for each target, predicted to be detected, are summarized in the table below.

GenePOC™ Carba Assay Target Variants Coverage   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetedResistanceGenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Tested with GenePOCTM Carba</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>in silico Prediction</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VariantsDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VariantsNotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectable1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotentiallyDetectable2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetectable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blakpc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2, 3, 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaNdM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1, 4, 5, 6, 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 to 24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blamp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1, 4, 8, 9,11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1, 2, 4 to 6, 8 to 10,13 to 20, 23 to 26, 28to 30, 32, 33, 37, 38,40, 42, 45, 47 to 49,53 to 56, 59, 60, 62,66, 69 to 72, 74 to 79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3, 73, 114, 21, 22,27, 34, 41, 43,44, 51, 52, 58,61, 64, 67, 68,73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12, 31, 35, 63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaoxA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48, 181,204, 232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48, 162, 181, 199,204, 232, 244, 245,2525, 370, 484, 505,5145, 515, 519, 5465,5475, 566</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>545, 1636,2476, 4056,4165, 436,4386, 4396,517, 5355,5385, 567</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blavIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1, 2, 10, 19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 to 6, 8 to 12, 14 to20, 23 to 46, 48 to 50,52 to 55, 57, 59, 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51, 56, 58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7, 13, 47</td></tr></table>

1 Based on alignments with identity and query cover $\ge 9 5 \%$ and E-values $< 0 . 0 1$ . 2 Based on alignments presenting not more than two (2) nucleotides mismatches. $^ 3 \mathrm { A }$ recombinant strain carrying a blaIMP-7 gene was tested with GeneP $\mathrm { O C ^ { T M } }$ Carba, in complement to the in silico study, and its detection was confirmed. $^ 4 \mathrm { \ A }$ clinical strain carrying a blaIMP-11 gene was tested with GenePOCTM Carba in the analytical inclusivity study and its detection was confirmed. 5 Variants only identified in the rare opportunistic human pathogens of the Shewanella genus. 6 Variants presenting a deletion in their sequence resulting in no carbapenamase activity.

# f. Analytical Specificity

The analytical specificity study was evaluated by testing 50 bacterial strains of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa exhibiting non-susceptibility or susceptibility to the four (4) carbapenems (ertapenem, meropenem, imipenem, doripenem), but not carrying any of the resistance genes targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay (blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and $b l a _ { \mathrm { I M P } } )$ . Among the 50 strains which carried blaCTX-M, blaAmpC, blaSHV, blaSME, blaTEM and/or blaSPM $\beta$ -lactamase resistance genes that are different from those targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay, only one (1) was observed to cross-react with the GenePOC™ Carba assay. The Klebsiella pneumoniae CCUG $5 9 3 5 9 \ b l a _ { \mathrm { T E M - 5 2 } }$ strain yielded one positive result when tested at $1 . 1 3 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of SB. However, no crossreactivity was observed for a 10-fold dilution of the same sample ( $1 . 1 3 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL of SB). All other strains analyzed yielded negative results.

Bacterial strains were characterized for their $\beta$ -lactamase gene content by whole genome sequencing, except for the Pseudomonas aeruginosa C72 strain which was characterized using an SPM gene-specific PCR method.

Bacterial Strains Tested for Analytical Specificity with the GenePOC™ Carba Assay   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Species(Species identified followingsequencing, if different)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CollectionNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">β-Lactamase Gene(s) Identified(100% Coverage)</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Resistance Phenotype(S/I/R)1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ETP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MEM1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DOR1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-3852</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-3854</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21789</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No β-Lactamase Gene Identified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21537</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SRT-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-1016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-90, Mbl, BlaA2, OXA-653,Zn-dependent hydrolase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-1017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-206, SCO-1, Mbl, BlaA2,OXA-673, Zn-dependent hydrolase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes(Klebsiella aerogenes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-19495</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV-5, AmpC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter amnigenus(Enterobacter cloacae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22353</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23473</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No β-Lactamase Gene Identified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21536</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21540</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21603</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21692</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Species(Species identified followingsequencing, if different)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CollectionNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">β-Lactamase Gene(s) Identified(100% Coverage)</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Resistance Phenotype(S/I/R)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ETP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MEM1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DOR1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22075</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-22097</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACT-16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23318</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15, TEM-206, CMH-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC1, AmpC2, MrdA, AmpH,CMY-44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG58541</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-14, TEM-104, MrdA,AmpC2, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG58546</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV-44, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-873</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-503</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-1228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-503</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SPM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-23334</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SME-4, SRT-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-3853</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-3879</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC13441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15, TEM-198, MrdA, OXA-13, AmpC2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-21710</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC2, MrdA, CTX-M-15, AmpH,OXA-13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-778</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC2, MrdA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-779</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-206, AmpC1, MrdA, AmpC2,AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-785</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-206, AmpC1, MrdA, AmpC2,AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-878</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmpC2, MrdA, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG55970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-9, AmpC2, TEM-206,MrdA, AmpC1, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG55971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15, TEM-143, AmpC2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG55972</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-2, AmpC1, AmpC2, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG58540</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15, AmpC2, TEM-206,MrdA, AMPH, OXA-13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG58542</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15, MrdA, OXA-13,AmpC2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC13465</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV-85, TEM-206, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG54718</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15, TEM-33, OXA-13,AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG59358</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV-14, OXA-13, LAP-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG59349</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15, AmpH, OXA-13, TEM-105, SHV-11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG59359</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-15, SHV-70, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCUG59360</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV-12, TEM-168, AmpH, OXA-93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-784</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV-27, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae(Klebsiellaquasipneumoniae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-806</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OKP-B-11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-1015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-171, SCO-1, PER-2, OXA-93,SHV-39, AmpH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-825</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-33, CTX-M-2, OXA-23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-826</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-215</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-831</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM-206, CTX-M-2, OXA-23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-8892</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-5, TEM-166, OXA-13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCRI-8893</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-5, TEM-95, OXA-13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S</td></tr></table>

1 S/I/R: Sensitive/Intermediate/Resistant, ETP: Ertapenem, MEM: Meropenem, IMP: Imipenem, DOR: Doripenem 2 Resistance gene identified with $9 9 . 9 \%$ homology. 3 These blaOXA variants are not part of the blaOXA-48-like family, but are part of the Ambler class D. $^ { 4 } \mathrm { N } / \mathrm { A }$ : Not Applicable, A. baumannii and $P$ . aeruginosa possess intrinsic resistance to ertapenem.

The cross-reactivity with primers and probes of the GenePOC™ Carba assay was evaluated by an in silico analysis performed on sequences contained in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) database on September $6 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2018. No other resistance gene than the assay target genes (i.e. blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48- like, and blaIMP) was found to have significant level of homology with the primers and probes of the GenePOC™ Carba assay.

# g. Assay Cut-off

Thresholds and cut-offs for the GenePOC™ Carba assay are embedded within the Assay Definition File that also encodes the instrument settings required to perform the test. The assay cut-offs were determined by testing a total of 599 samples.

h. Interfering Substances

The interfering substances study for the GenePOC™ Carba assay evaluated the potential interference effects of substances from culture media and/or saline (colony diluent) on GenePOC™ Carba assay performance. A total of 12 potentially interfering combinations of solid media plates and sterile saline solutions including two (2) types of agar plates (i.e. Blood Agar Plates [BAP] and MacConkey Agar Plates [MAP]) each from three (3) manufacturers and sterile saline solutions from two (2) manufacturers were used during this study.

Five (5) positive bacterial strains harboring each of the resistance genes detected by the GenePOC™ Carba assay and one (1) negative bacterial carbapenem-non-susceptible strain that does not carry any of the resistance genes targeted by the assay were tested from standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ suspensions.

List of Combinations of Agar Plates and Saline Solutions Tested with the GenePOC™ Carba   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combinations of Agar Plates and Saline Solutions (Manufacturer)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colombia Blood Agar 5% (Hardy Diagnostics) / BBLTM Prepared Saline Solution (BD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colombia Blood Agar 5% (Hardy Diagnostics) / Saline 0.85% (Thermo ScientificTMOxoidTM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prepared Media BD BBLTM Columbia Agar with 5% Sheep Blood (BD) / BBLTM PreparedSaline Solution (BD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prepared Media BD BBL TM Columbia Agar with 5% Sheep Blood (BD) / Saline 0.85%(Thermo ScientificTM OxoidTM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Columbia Agar with 5% Sheep Blood (bioMérieux) / BBL TM Prepared Saline Solution(BD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Columbia Agar with 5% Sheep Blood (bioMérieux) / Saline 0.85% (Thermo ScientificTMOxoidTM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MacConkey Agar (Hardy Diagnostics) / BBL TM Prepared Saline Solution (BD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MacConkey Agar (Hardy Diagnostics) / Saline 0.85% (Thermo ScientificTM OxoidTM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MacConkey Agar Medium (Thermo ScientificTM RemelTM) / BBLTM Prepared SalineSolution (BD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MacConkey Agar Medium (Thermo ScientificTM RemelTM) / Saline 0.85% (ThermoScientific OxoidTM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MacConkey Agar (Thermo ScientificTM OxoidTM) / BBL TM Prepared Saline Solution (BD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MacConkey Agar (Thermo ScientificTM OxoidTM) / Saline 0.85% (Thermo ScientificTMOxoidTM)</td></tr></table>

The interfering substances study demonstrated the compatibility of the GenePOC™ Carba assay with culture media and colony diluent from different manufacturers.

# i. Carry-over and Cross-Contamination Studies

The purpose of the carry-over and cross-contamination study was to determine the carry-over rate of contamination in negative samples due to the nucleic acid amplification of high positive samples. Klebsiella pneumoniae CCUG 59348, a carbapenem-non-susceptible strain, which harbors the blaKPC gene, was used to prepare positive samples. Enterobacter cloacae CCRI-22760, a representative carbapenemnon-susceptible strain that does not carry any of the carbapenemase resistance genes targeted by the assay, was used to prepare negative samples. The concentration of bacterial suspensions was standardized to $4 \mathrm { M c F }$ $\scriptstyle \sum 1 . 1 4 \mathrm { x } 1 { \bar { 0 } } ^ { 7 }$ CFU/mL of SB), higher than the nominal concentration of $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ arland that is specified for use in the assay.

For the carry-over study, a run of eight (8) replicates of high positive samples followed by a run of eight (8) replicates of negative samples was performed by two (2) operators with the GenePOC™ Carba assay, for a total of ten (10) runs on one (1) revogene.

For the cross-contamination study, a total of ten (10) runs were performed by two (2) operators on one (1) revogene. Testing was performed with alternating high positive and negative samples.

No unexpected positive results for the blaKPC target were detected in negative samples tested in the carry-over study $( \mathrm { n } { = } 4 0 )$ nor in the cross-contamination study $( \mathrm { n } { = } 4 0 )$ .

2. Comparison Studies

a. Method Comparison with predicate device Refer to Section 3 Clinical Studies   
b. Matrix Comparison Not Applicable.

3. Clinical Studies

The clinical study was designed to assess the clinical performance of the GenePOC™ Carba assay for its use in the detection and differentiation of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA48-like, and blaIMP gene sequences associated with carbapenem-non-susceptibility on isolated colonies. Three (3) clinical centers (one (1) in Canada and two (2) in the United States of America) participated in this clinical study as testing sites. The Reference Method for the study consisted of a high-performing FDA-cleared Nucleic Acid Amplification Test (NAAT) for the detection of the targeted carbapenemase genes from isolated colonies of known carbapenem non-susceptible organisms, the performance of which was established in comparison to PCR/bidirectional sequencing and which was used according to the manufacturer’s instructions. All isolates in the study were tested with the Reference Method and with the GenePOC™ Carba assay. Organism susceptibility status (susceptible, intermediate, or resistant) to meropenem, ertapenem, doripenem, and/or imipenem was determined using CLSI standard test methods (M02, $1 3 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Edition) and the interpretive criteria found in the FDA drug labels and CLSI M100 $2 8 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Edition.

For Reference Method testing, well-isolated colonies grown on blood agar plates were diluted to a standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ arland (McF) suspension before testing. For GenePOC™ Carba assay testing, well-isolated colonies grown on each of the agar types were suspended to a standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ suspension. If discordant results between the GenePOC™ Carba assay and Reference Method were observed, discrepant testing was performed using alternative PCR for each of the five (5) assay analytes followed by bi-directional sequencing on isolates from blood agar plates.

A total of 532 bacterial isolates (475 clinical stock isolates and 57 prospectively collected fresh isolates) were enrolled in the clinical study. Sixteen (16) isolates were excluded from the analysis of performance for the following reasons: eleven (11) did not meet the inclusion criteria for species identification (either they were not among the targeted organisms or organism identification was inconclusive), three (3) were unavailable for analysis due to laboratory error and two (2) were found to be susceptible to all four (4) carbapenems tested. Four (4) additional isolates were also excluded because they were associated with a Negative External Control failure on initial testing and produced Indeterminate results upon repeat. Thus, 512 compliant isolates remained in the final analysis.

A total of 512 fully compliant isolates were tested with both the Reference Method and the GenePOC™ Carba assay for the performance estimation study. The primary objective of the trial was to establish the performance characteristics of the GenePOC™ Carba assay for its use in determining the presence of blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP gene DNA sequences in carbapenem-non-susceptible pure colonies of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, when grown on blood agar and MacConkey agar, and to establish the sensitivity and the specificity in comparison to the Reference Method.

External controls for the GenePOC™ Carba assay consisted of one (1) negative control and five (5) different positive controls each containing a single target analyte of the assay. The clinical sites ran a negative control and rotated testing one (1) of the positive controls on each day that study samples were tested (i.e. one specific positive control every five (5) days of testing). Study sample results were not valid until expected results were obtained for each control. External control data were compiled across all sites and overall QC results were acceptable.

Isolates grown on both blood agar and MacConkey agar types were evaluated with the GenePOC™ Carba assay for a total of 165 runs. Performance of the GenePOC™ Carba assay was assessed separately for each type of agar and resistance gene target relative to Reference Method. The study showed that $9 8 . 4 \%$ (1016/1032) of isolates yielded results on the first run. The initial non-reportable rates (combining Unresolved and Indeterminate rates), at the media level, were $1 . 7 \%$ (9/516) from blood agar, and $1 . 4 \%$ (7/516) from MacConkey agar. At the target level, from blood agar, the rates were $1 . 7 \%$ (9/516) for blaKPC, blaNDM, blaIMP and blaOXA-48-like gene targets and $1 . 6 \%$ (8/516) for blaVIM gene target, with an overall rate of $1 . 7 \%$ (9/516). From MacConkey agar, the non-reportable rates were $1 . 4 \%$ (7/516) across all targets. Out of the 16 isolates that initially yielded nonreportable results, eight (8) resulted in a non-reportable result upon repeat testing. The final non-reportable rates were $0 . 8 \%$ (4/516) across all media and gene targets.

Discrepant analysis was performed for every sample that produced discordant results between the GenePOC™ Carba assay and the Reference Method. The discrepant analysis comprised five (5) alternative PCR assays, one (1) for each resistance gene targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay, followed by bi-directional Sanger sequencing.

Of 31 isolates grown on blood agar with discrepant results, 21 were positive by the alternative PCR/bidirectional sequencing for the same target as the GenePOC Carba assay (see table footnotes below for details on all discrepancies). Seventeen (17) out of 19 samples with False Positive results for IMP target were found to be IMP positive by alternative PCR and bi-directional sequencing, including one (1) variant of IMP-4 (from Australia [2010]), 11 IMP-13/IMP-37 variants (one (1) from Argentina [2006], one (1) from North America [2014], and nine (9) from Europe [2005-2015]), one (1) variant of IMP27/IMP-64 (from Canada [2017]), one (1) variant of IMP-15 (from Argentina [2004]), one (1) variant of IMP-16 (from Brazil [2004]), and two (2) variants of IMP-62 (from Argentina [2006]). The results of the discrepant analysis suggest that the GenePOC™ Carba assay and Reference Method may exhibit different coverage with regard to variants of IMP. Similar results were observed with colonies grown on MacConkey agar.

A total of 24 isolates contained more than one carbapenemase gene as determined by the GenePOC™ Carba assay. The reported carbapenemase gene content of 21 of these isolates was confirmed by the Reference Method. However, the Reference Method only detected one carbapenemase gene in the other three (3) isolates.

Performance by target and performance by organism group for the GenePOC™ Carba assay with isolates grown on blood agar is shown in the two (2) following tables.

# Performance of GenePOC™ Carba Assay on Isolated Colonies Grown on Blood Agar Relative to Reference Method

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%[96.2 - 99.7%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%[ 97.8 - 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>395</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%[95.2 - 99.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%[97.8 - 99.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[94.4 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%[98.0 - 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[87.5 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%[94.0 - 97.5%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[93.1 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%[98.8 - 100.0%]</td></tr></table>

N: Number; TP: True Positive; FP: False Positive; TN: True Negative; FN: False Negative; CI: Confidence Interval Note: Discrepant testing consisted of five (5) alternative PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing and was performed for every discrepant target result. The results from discrepant testing of 21/31 samples agreed with those of the GenePOC™ Carba assay. The notes below summarize the discrepant testing results for each target. 1 One (1) out of two (2) was NDM-1 positive. 2 Two (2) out of three (3) were KPC-3/KPC-38 positive. 3 One (1) out of three (3) was OXA-48 positive. Investigation suggested an OXA cross-contamination at the step of sample preparation in one (1) out of three (3) isolates. Discrepant testing did not produce a sequence match with the OXA-48-like target. $^ 4 \bar { 1 7 }$ out of 19 were found IMP positive including one (1) variant of IMP-4 (from Australia [2010]), 11 variants IMP-13/IMP-37 (one (1) from Argentina [2006], one (1) from North America [2014], and nine (9) from Europe [2005-2015]), one (1) variant of IMP27/IMP-64 (from Canada [2017]), one (1) variant of IMP-15 (from Argentina [2004]), one (1) variant of IMP-16 (from Brazil [2004]), and two (2) variants of IMP-62 (from Argentina [2006]). The discrepant analysis pointed out potential differences in IMP variant coverage between the GenePOC™ Carba assay and the Reference Method. Investigation suggested an IMP crosscontamination at the step of sample preparation in two (2) out of 19 isolates for which discrepant testing did not produce a sequence match with the IMP target. 5 Investigation suggested a VIM cross-contamination at the step of sample preparation. Discrepant testing did not produce a sequence match with the VIM target but produced a sequence match for the NDM target. 6 Discrepant testing did produce a sequence match with the NDM-1 target in one (1) out of two (2) isolates and produced a sequence match for the OXA-48-like target in one (1) out of two (2) isolates. The OXA-48- positive isolate was classified as FP.

Performance of GenePOC™ Carba Assay by Organism Category and by Target Gene, for Isolated Colonies Grown on Blood Agar Relative to Reference Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity[95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Entero-bacteriaceae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%[93.7 - 99.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%[ 97.5 - 99.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%[95.2 - 99.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%[95.5 - 99.5%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[94.3 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%[96.4 - 99.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[78.5 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%[96.1 - 99.3%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[75.8 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[98.7 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[87.1 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%[93.3 - 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.5 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[20.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.5 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[56.6 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3%[78.3 - 91.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[91.0 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[94.7 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Acinetobacterbaumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%[92.9 - 99.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[85.7 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[20.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.2 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.3 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[67.6 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.0 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[20.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%[94.4 - 99.8%]</td></tr></table>

N: Number; TP: True Positive; FP: False Positive; TN: True Negative; FN: False Negative; CI: Confidence Interval Multiple target results were observed for some isolates.

Performances with isolates grown on MacConkey agar are shown in the following two (2) tables.

# Performance of GenePOC™ Carba Assay on Isolated Colonies Grown on MacConkey Agar Relative to Reference Method

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%[96.2 - 99.7%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%[ 97.8 - 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>395</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%[97.8 - 99.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[94.4 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%[98.4 - 99.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[87.5 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7%[93.5 - 97.2%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[93.1 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%[98.8 - 100.0%]</td></tr></table>

N: Number; TP: True Positive; FP: False Positive; TN: True Negative; FN: False Negative; CI: Confidence Interval Note: Discrepant testing consisted of five alternative PCR followed by bi-directional sequencing and was performed for every discrepant target result. The results from discrepant testing of 21/31 samples agreed with those of the GenePOC™ Carba assay. The notes below summarize the discrepant testing results for each target. 1 One (1) out of two (2) was NDM-1 positive. 2 Two (2) out of three (3) were KPC-3/KPC-38 positive. 3 One (1) out of two (2) was OXA-48 positive. Investigation suggested an OXA cross-contamination at the step of isolate preparation in one (1) out of two (2) isolates. Discrepant testing did not produce a sequence match with the OXA-48-like target. $^ 4 1 7$ out of 21 were found IMP positive including one (1) variant of IMP-4 (from Australia [2010]), 11 variants IMP-13/IMP-37 (one (1) from Argentina [2006], one (1) from North America [2014], and nine (9) from Europe [2005-2015]), one (1) variant of IMP27/IMP-64 (from Canada [2017]), one (1) variant of IMP-15 (from Argentina [2004]), one (1) variant of IMP-16 (from Brazil [2004]), and two (2) variants of IMP-62 (from Argentina [2006]). The discrepant analysis pointed out potential differences in IMP variant coverage between the GenePOCTM Carba assay and the Reference Method. Investigation suggested an IMP crosscontamination at the step of isolate preparation in four (4) out of 21 isolates for which discrepant testing did not produce a sequence match with the IMP target. 5 Investigation suggested a VIM cross-contamination at the step of sample preparation. Discrepant testing did not produce a sequence match with the VIM target but produced a sequence match for the KPC target. 6 Discrepant testing did produce a sequence match with the NDM-1 target in one (1) out of two (2) isolates and produced a sequence match for the OXA target in one (1) out of two (2) isolates. The OXA-48 positive isolate was classified as FP.

# Performance of GenePOC™ Carba Assay by Organism Category and by Target Gene, on Isolated Colonies Grown on MacConkey Agar Relative to Reference Method

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity[95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Entero-bacteriaceae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%[93.7 - 99.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%[ 97.5 - 99.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%[95.5 - 99.5%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[94.3 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%[97.0 - 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[78.5 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%[96.1 - 99.3%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[75.8 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%[98.1 - 99.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[87.1 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8%[93.3 - 99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.5 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[20.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.5 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[56.6 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3%[78.3 - 91.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[91.0 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[94.7 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Acinetobacterbaumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%[92.9 - 99.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[85.7 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[20.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.2 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48-like</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.3 - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[67.6 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%[92.3 - 99.4%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[20.7 - 100.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%[96.2 - 100.0%]</td></tr></table>

N: Number; TP: True Positive; FP: False Positive; TN: True Negative; FN: False Negative; CI: Confidence Interval Multiple target results were observed for some isolates.

# 4. Clinical Cut-off

Not Applicable.

# 5. Expected Values/Reference Range

A total of 512 isolates of Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacter baumannii, or Pseudomonas aeruginosa covering a large geographical and temporal diversity and reported to be carbapenem-non-susceptible based on conventional phenotypic (AST) methods have been tested with GenePOC™ Carba assay. After their growth on blood agar, 449 isolates were determined to have one (1) or more of the blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, and blaIMP gene targets by the GenePOC™ Carba assay. Results obtained from isolates grown on MacConkey agar plates were similar, with 449/512 carbapenem non-susceptible isolates positive for blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48-like, or blaIMP gene targets.

O. INSTRUMENT NAME revogene™

# P. SYSTEM DESCRIPTIONS

1. Modes of Operation: Real-time PCR with fluorogenic detection of amplified DNA.

2. Software:

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and software development processes for this line of product types:

Yes ___X____ or No

3. Specimen Identification:

Barcodes are used to identify patient specimens. The GenePOC™ Carba assay’s Sample Buffer Tube (SBT) and microfluidic cartridge (PIE) are both pre-labeled with a unique barcode to identify both the specimen and assay. The instrument has two barcode readers to identify reagents and patient specimens. It provides traceability of the sample ID to the PIE ID, SBT ID, and assay ID.

# 4. Specimen Sampling and Handling:

User intervention is required for preparing the standardized $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ arland (McF) bacterial suspension from characterized carbapenem-non-susceptible isolated colonies, inoculating the bacterial suspension into the Sample Buffer Tube (SBT), transferring the sample into the microfluidic cartridge (PIE), and loading/unloading the microfluidic cartridge into the revogene. All further sample handling is automated.

5. Calibration:

The system is factory calibrated by the manufacturer. The calibration is verified annually.   
Upon the verification, maintenance is performed if required.

6. Quality Control:

An Internal Process Control $\mathrm { ( P r C ) }$ is provided in each microfluidic cartridge (PIE) of the GenePOC™ Carba assay. The $\mathrm { P r } { \bf C }$ is lysed, amplified, and detected along with each sample tested and verifies the efficacy of the DNA extraction and PCR amplification processes.

Commercially available strains (NCTC 13476 for blaIMP-1, CCUG 59348 for blaKPC-2, $\operatorname { A T C C } \circled { \mathrm { R } }$ BAA- $2 1 4 6 ^ { \mathrm { { T M } } }$ for blaNDM-1, $\operatorname { A T C C } \circled { \mathrm { R } }$ BAA- $2 5 2 3 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ for blaOXA-48 and NCTC 13440 for blaVIM-1) can be used as a Positive External Control. A carbapenem non-susceptible strain of Enterobacteriaceae, A. baumannii or $P .$ . aeruginosa that does not carry any of the resistance genes targeted by the GenePOC™ Carba assay can be used as a Negative External Control.

# Q. OTHER SUPPORTIVE INSTRUMENT PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS DATA NOT COVERED IN THE “PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS” SECTION

Not applicable.

# R. PROPOSED LABELING

The labeling is sufficient and satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# S. CONCLUSION

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.